JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

From October the 29th, 1795

In the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

May the 19th, 1796,

In the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

1803.

289193

JOURNALS

Of THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 51.

Vol. 51. B

Message to attend His Majesty.

Writs issued in Recess.

Outlawry M\ read.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Jovis, 29* die Octobris;

Anno 36* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795.

A MESS AGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of " Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years *{ of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes " the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his " Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown for making " out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in *c Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and " for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the County of in the

room of Sir William Middleton, Baronet, deceased; for the County of Somerset, in the room of Henry Hippisley Coxe, Esquire, deceased; for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of the Honourable Sir John Vaughan, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, deceased; for the County of Rutland, in the room of John Heathcote, Esquire, deceased; and for the Borough of Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Henry John Spencer, commonly called Lord Henry John Spencer, deceased.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 31.

Several Members returned upon new Writs took Member* the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, take Oath*, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and one of the said Members, being by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Mr. Speaker His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His reports the Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech «ing? from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of p which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is a great Satisfaction to Me to reflect, that, notwithstanding many Events unfavourable to the common Cause, the Prospect resulting from the general Situation of Affairs has, in many important Respects, been materially improved in the Course of the present Year.

In Italy, the threatened Invasion of the French has been prevented; and they have been driven back from a considerable Part of the Line of Coast which they had occupied: — There is also Reason to hope, that the recent Operations of the Austrian Army have checked the Progress which they had made on the side of Germany, and frustrated the offensive Projects which they were pursuing in that Quarter.

The Successes which have attended their Military Operations in other Parts of the Campaign, and the Advantages which they have derived from the conclusion of separate Treaties with some of the Powers who were engaged in the War, are far from compensating the Evils which they experience from its continuance. The Destruction of their Commerce, the Diminution of their Maritime Power, and the unparalleled Embarrassment and Distress of their internal Situation, have produced the Impression which was naturally to be expected; and a general Sense appears to prevail throughout France, that the only Relief from the increasing Pressure of these Difficulties must arise from the Restoration of Peace, and the Establishment of some settled System of Government.

The /

4 29 Octobris. . 17 lo.

The Distraction and Anarchy which have so long viate the present Distress, and to prevent, as far as prevailed in that Country, have led to a Crisis, of which possible, the renewal of similar Embarrassments in it is as yet impossible to foresee the Issue; but which future. Nothing has been omitted on My Part that must, in all human Probability, produce Consequences appeared likely to contribute to this End; and you highly important to the Interests of Europe. — Should may be assured of My hearty Concurrence in whatever this Crisis terminate in any Order of Things com- Regulations the Wisdom of Parliament may adopt, on patible with the Tranquillity of other. Countries, and a Subject so peculiarly interesting to My People, affording a reasonable Expectation of Security and whose Welfare will ever be the Object nearest My Permanence in any Treaty which might be concluded, Heart, the Appearance of a Disposition to negociate for general

Peace, on just and suitable Terms, will not fail to be A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for met, on My Part, with an earnest Desire to give it the posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Address fullest and speediest Effect. But I am persuaded you Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this ®n will agree with Me, that nothing is so likely to ensure House, for His most Gracious Speech from the SP*C"' and accelerate this desirable End, as to shew that We Throne:

are prepared for either Alternative, and are determined to prosecute the War with the utmost Energy and Vigour, Until We have the Means of concluding, in Conjunction with Our Allies, such a Peace as the Justice of our Cause, and the Situation of the Enemy, may entitle Us to expect.

With this View I am continuing to make the greatest Exertions for maintaining and improving Our Naval Superiority, and for carrying on active and vigorous Operations in the JVcst , in order to

secure and extend the Advantages which We have gained in that Quarter, and which are so nearly connected with Our Commercial Resources and Maritime Strength.

I rely, with full Confidence, on the Continuance of your firm and zealous Support, on the uniform Bravery of My Fleets and Armies, and on the Fortitude, Perseverance, and Public Spirit, of all Ranks of My People.

The Acts of Hostility committed by the United Provinces, under the Influence and Control of France, have obliged Me to treat them as in a State of War with this Country.

The Fleet which I have employed in the North Seas has -received the most cordial and active Assistance from the Naval Force furnished by the Empress of Russia, and has been enabled effectually to check the Operations of the Enemy in that Quarter.

I have concluded Engagements of Defensive Alliance with the two Imperial Courts; and the Ratifications of the Treaty of Commerce with the United States of America, which I announced to you last Year, have now been exchanged. — I have directed Copies of these Treaties to be laid before you.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It is Matter of deep Concern to Me, that the Exigencies of the Public Service will require further Additions to the heavy Burthens which have been unavoidably imposed on My People. — I trust that their Pressure will, in some Degree, be alleviated by the flourishing State of Our Commerce and Manufactures, and that Our Expences, though necessarily great in their Amount, will, under the actual Circumstances of the , War, admit of considerable Diminution in Comparison with those of the present Year.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have observed for some Time past, with the greatest Anxiety, the very high Price of Grain, and that Anxiety is increased by the Apprehension that the Produce of the Wheat Harvest, in the present Year, may not have been such as effectually to relieve My People from the Difficulties with which they have had to contend. The Spirit of Order and Submission to the Laws which, with very few Exceptions, has manifested itself under this severe Pressure, will, I am sure be felt by you as an additional Incentive to apply yourselves, with the utmost Diligence, to the Consideration of such Measures as may tend to alle-

oa

To assure His Majesty, that we participate in the Satisfaction He feels from reflecting that, -notwithstanding many Events unfavourable to the common Cause, the Prospect resulting from the general Situation of Affairs has, in many important Respects, been materially improved in the Course of the present Year:

That we have great Pleasure in observing the Events which have taken place in Italy, and in finding Reason to hope that a Check has been given to the Progress of the French on the Side of Germany, by the recent Operations of the Austrian Army:

That, in contemplating the Situation of our Enemies, we are sensible that the Successes which have, in some Parts of the Campaign, attended their Military Operations, and the Advantages which they have derived from the Conclusion of separate Treaties with some of the Powers who were engaged in the War, cannot compensate for the Evils which they experience from its Continuance: And that it is natural to suppose, that the Destruction of their Commerce, the Diminution of their Maritime Power, and the unparalleled Embarrassment and Distress of their internal Situation, must have produced a general Sense, that the only Relief from the increasing Pressure of their Difficulties must arise from the Restoration of Peace, and the Establishment of some settled system of Government:

That we are well aware how impossible it is to foresee the Issue of the extraordinary Crisis which has arisen in that Country; but we receive, with the truest Satisfaction, His Majesty's gracious Declaration, that, should it terminate in any Order of Things, compatible with the Tranquillity of other Countries, and affording a reasonable Expectation of Security and Permanence in any Treaty which might be concluded, the Appearance of a Disposition to negociate for General Peace, on just and suitable Terms, will not fail to be met, on the Part of His Majesty, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect:

That we, at the same Time, cordially join with His Majesty in the Persuasion, that nothing is so likely to ensure and accelerate this desirable End, and to provide for the permanent Interests of His Kingdom, as to shew that we are prepared for either Alternative, and that we are determined to prosecute the War with the utmost Energy and Vigour, until His Majesty has the Means of concluding, in Conjunction with His Allies, such a Peace as the Justice of the Cause in which we are engaged, and the Situation of the Enemy, may entitle us to expect:

That, impressed with these Sentiments, we shall feel it our Duty to give His Majesty our firmest and most decided Support in His further Exertions, and particularly in those which are directed to the Maintenance and Improvement of our Naval Superiority, and for securing and extending the Advantages which have been gained in the West Indies, and which are so nearly connected with our Commercial Resources and Maritime Strength:

That we are persuaded His Majesty may securely

rely

30 CxEO. 111. Uctobris. 5

rely on the uniform and unshaken Bravery of His Fleets and Annies, and on the Fortitude, Perseverance, and Public Spirit of all Ranks of His People:

That we cannot but lament that the Influence, and Control exercised by France over the United Provinces, should have produced Acts of Hostility, which have obliged His Majesty to treat them as in a State of War with this Country; but that, under these Circumstances, it must afford us much Satisfaction to learn that the Fleet, which His Majesty has employed in the North Seas, has received the most cordial and active Assistance from the Naval Force furnished by the Empress of Russia, and has been enabled effectually to check the Operations of the Enemy in that Quarter:

That we acknowledge His Majesty's Condescension, in having directed to be laid before us Copies of the Engagements of Defensive Alliance which He has concluded with the Two Imperial Courts, and of the Treaty with the United States of America:

That we must at all Times see, with Regret, the Necessity of making further Additions to the heavy Burthens which have unavoidably been imposed on our Constituents; but that we feel it an indispensable Duty to make such Provision for the different Branches of the Public Service, as the Exigencies of Affairs may require; and that it will afford us great Satisfaction to find that the Pressure of these Burthens is, in some Degree, alleviated by the flourishing State of our Commerce and Manufactures, and that our Expences will, under the actual Circumstances of the War, admit of considerable Diminution in Comparison with those of the present Year:

That we are deeply sensible of His Majesty's paternal Goodness in the Expressions of the Anxiety with which He has observed the high Price of Grain, and of His Apprehension that the Produce of the Wheat Harvest, in the present Year may not have been such as effectually to relieve His People from the Difficulties with which thay have had to contend: That the Spirit of Order and Submission to the Laws, which, with few Exceptions, has manifested itself under this severe Pressure, will, undoubtedly, be felt by us as an additional Incentive to apply ourselves, with the utmost Diligence, to the Consideration of such Measures as may tend to alleviate the present Distress, and to prevent, as far as possible, the renewal of similar Embarrassments; and, that nothing can afford us a higher Gratification, then to find ourselves enabled to adopt such Regulations as may give Effect to His Majesty's gracious and benevolent Views for the Relief and Advantage of His People, on a Subject so peculiarly interesting to their Welfare;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Throne," at the End of the First Paragraph, to the End of the Ninth Paragraph, in order to insert these Words, " Humbly to entreat His Majesty to review the " Events of the Three last Years, and to compare the " Situation and Circumstances of the Belligerent " Powers at the Period when Hostilities commenced, " and at the present Moment: To consider that a " great Majority of the numerous Allies, on whose Co-operation His Majesty chiefly relied for Success, " have abandoned the common Cause, and sought " for Security in Peace, while others have been unfortunately thrown into Alliance with the Enemy: " That our Possessions in the West Indies have, in " many instances, been over-run, pillaged, and de-u stroyed, and the Security of all of them put in imminent Hazard: That the Expeditions to the Coast " of France have proved either disgraceful or abortive, tending (without any rational Prospect of

Public Benefit) to tarnish the British Name, by a Vol. 51.

" shameful Sacrifice of those to whom His Majesty's " Ministers had held out the Hope of Public Protection:

" That, amidst all those adverse and disgraceful " Events, there has been an Expenditure of Blood " and Treasure unparalleled in the History of former Wars:

" That, such being the Result of the Measures " which have been pursued, we cannot honestly discharge our Duty to His Majesty, the Country, and " ourselves, without servently imploring His Majesty " to reflect upon the evident Impracticability of attaining in the present Contest what have hitherto been " considered as the Objects of it:

" That we therefore humbly entreat His Majesty " no longer to act upon the Opinion that the Governing Powers of France are incapable of maintaining the accustomed Relations of Peace and " Amity, an Opinion formerly proved to be unfounded by the Situation of the States of,

" and of those Nations of Europe who have throughout maintained a safe and dignified Neutrality, and " recently by the Conduct and present Condition of " Prussia, Spain, and the Princes of the Empire; but " that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to take " decided and immediate Measures for bringing about " a Peace with France, whatever may be the present " or future Form of her internal Government, and " look for Indemnity where alone Indemnity is to be " found, in the Restoration of Industry, Plenty, and " Tranquillity at Home:

" Whilst we thus earnestly implore His Majesty to " consider in His Royal Wisdom how fruitless the " Pursuit of the War is become, and how idle and " imaginary the supposed Obstacle to Peace, we dedare, that if the existing Powers in France were to " reject a pacific Negociation proposed by His Majesty, upon equitable Terms, and to persevere in " Hostilities for their own Aggrandizement, and with " a View to the Establishment of their System of Government in other Countries, we would strenuously " support a vigorous Prosecution of the War, confident that the Spirit of the Nation, when roused in " such a Cause, will still be able to accomplish what " is just and necessary, however exhausted and weakened by the ill-concerted Projects of those who " have directed His Majesty's Councils," instead thereof.

And the Question being proposed, that the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 22d Day of March 1678, of the Message from the Lords, desiring a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber; together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That the House having received a Message from their Lordships, whereby they desired a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, it is not agreeable to the Usage and Proceedings of Parliament for either House to send for a Conference, without expressing the Subject Matter of that Conference.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew;

C Then

The Lords desire a Conference.

Proceedings

thereupon.

x 'zv uciouris.

.1755.

Resolution for Address on King's Speech.

fj

Then the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (in the Motion for an Address to His Majesty) stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \ 240

1 eliers for the ieas,|Mr John Smyfh. j 240.

fMr. 1

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. > 59.

[Junior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we participate in the Satisfaction He feels from reflecting that, notwithstanding many Events unfavourable to the common Cause, the Prospect resulting from the general Situation of Affairs has, in many important Respects* been materially improved in the Course of the present Year: That we have great Pleasure in observing the Events which have taken place in Italy, and in finding Reason to hope that a Check has been given to the Progress of the French on the Side of Germany, by the recent Operations of the Austrian Army:

That, in contemplating the Situation of our Enemies, we are sensible that the Successes which have, in some Parts of the Campaign, attended their Military Operations, and the Advantages which they have derived from the Conclusion of separate Treaties with some of the Powers who were engaged in the War, cannot compensate for the Evils which they experience from its Continuance: And that it is natural to suppose that the Destruction of their Commerce, the Diminution of their Maritime Power, and the unparalleled Embarrassment and Distress of their internal Situation, must have produced a general Sense, that the only Relief from the increasing Pressure of their Difficulties must arise from the Restoration of Peace, and the Establishment of some settled System of Government: That we are well aware how impossible it is to foresee the Issue of the extraordinary Crisis which has arisen in that Country; but we receive, with the truest Satisfaction, His Majesty's gracious Declaration, that, should it terminate in any Order of Things compatible with the Tranquillity of other Countries, and affording a reasonable Expectation of Security and Permanence in any Treaty which might be concluded, the Appearance of a Disposition to negociate for General Peace, on just and suitable Terms, will not fail to be met, on the Part of His Majesty, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect:

That we, at the same Time, cordially join with His Majesty in the Persuasion, that nothing is so likely to ensure and accelerate this desirable End, and to provide for the permanent Interest of His Kingdom, as to shew that we are prepared for either Alternative, and that we are determined to prosecute the War with the utmost Energy and Vigour, until His Majesty has the Means of concluding, in Conjunction with His Allies, such a Peace as the Justice of the Cause in which we are engaged, and the Situation of the Enemy, may entitle us to expect:

That, impressed with these Sentiments, we shall feel it our Duty to give His Majesty our firmest and most decided Support in His further Exertions, and particularly in those which are directed to the Maintenance and Improvement bf our Naval Superiority, and for securing and extending the Advantages which have been gained in the West Indies, and which are so nearly connected with our Commercial Resources and Maritime Strength:

That we are persuaded His Majesty may securely

rely on the uniform and unshaken Bravery of His Fleets and Armies, and on the Fortitude, Perseverance, and Public Spirit, of all Ranks of His People:

That we cannot but lament that the Influence and Control exercised by France over the United Provinces should have produced Acts of Hostility, which have obliged His Majesty to treat them as in a State of War with this Country; but that, under these Circumstances, it must afford us much Satisfaction to learn that the Fleet, which His Majesty has employed in the North Seas, has received the most cordial and active Assistance from the Naval Force furnished by the Empress of Russia, and has been enabled effectually to check the Operations of the Enemy in that Quarter:

That we acknowledge His Majesty's Condescension in having directed to be laid before us Copies of the Engagements of Defensive Alliance which He has concluded with the Two Imperial Courts, and of the Treaty with the United States of America:

That we must at all Times see, with Regret, the Necessity of making further Additions to the heavy Burthens which have unavoidably been imposed on our Constituents; but that we feel it an indispensable Duty to make such Provision for the different Branches of the Public Service, as the Exigencies of Affairs may require; and that it will afford us great Satisfaction to find, that the Pressure of these Burthens is, in some Degree, alleviated by the flourishing State of our Commerce and Manufactures, and that our Expences will, under the actual Circumstances of the War, admit of considerable Diminution in Comparison with those of the present Year:

That we are deeply sensible of His Majesty's paternal Goodness in the Expressions of the Anxiety with which He has observed the high Price of Grain, and of His Apprehension that the Produce of the Wheat Harvest, in the present Year, may not have been such Us effectually to relieve His People from the Difficulties with which they have had to contend: That the Spirit of Order and Submission to the Laws, which, with few Exceptions, has manifested itself under this severe Pressure, will, undoubtedly, be felt by us as an additional Incentive to apply ourselves, with the utmost Diligence, to the Consideration of such Measures as may tend to alleviate the present Distress, and to prevent, as far as possible, the Renewal of similar Embarrassments; and that nothing can afford us a higher Gratification than to find ourselves enabled to adopt such Regulations as may give Effect to His Majesty's gracious and benevolent Views for the Relief and Advantage of his People, on a Subject so peculiarly interesting to their Welfare.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw Committee up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon appointed the said Resolution: AddZ

And a Committee was appointed of the Earl of Dalkeith, Mr. Robert Stewart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dund Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Hobart, the Lord Belgrave, Mr.

Douglas, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech King's to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Speech Committee. referred-

: A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Smith: desire a Con-

Mr. Speaker, - ference'

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon a Subject materially affecting the Safety of His Majesty's Person, and the Honour and Dighity of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved,

29° — 30° Octobris. '

jktgeo. III.

House agree , Raotoid, That this Houbc doth agree to a Con-to a Con- fferenoe with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships,

erence. And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Managers < Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage appointed. the said Conference:

And a Gomtnittee was appointed of Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Earl of Mornington, Mr.

shertd, Mr. Steele, Mr. Fox, The Master of the Rolls, General Smith, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Rolle, the Lord Pal-mention. Sir William Young, the Lord Sheffield, General Fitzpatrick, Mr» St. John.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Conference Mr. Secretary Dundas reported, That the Managers reported. had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Lord President of the Council; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords, having been informed of several daring Outrages offered to His Majesty's sacred Person, this Day, in His Passage to and from the Parliament, had taken the same into Consideration, and, having examined several Witnesses relative to the same, had agreed tb an Address to be presented to His Majesty thereupon, to which Address the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; and, ( that the Lords had also communicated to the Managers,

dt the Conference, the Names of the several Witnesses Who had been examined.

Message to Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to the Lords for reqUest Qf their Lordships, that they will be pleased MmutM of 130 communicate to this House, a Copy of the Minutes Evidence. of the Evidence of the several Witnesses who were Examined by their Lordships, and a List of whose ' Names were delivered by the Lords to the Commons,

this Day, at the Conference.

Ordered, That the Earl of Mornington do carry the said Message.

The Earl of Mornington reported to the Douse, That he had been at the Lords with the Message; but that the Lords had adjourned.

Lords Ad- . Ordered, That the Address of the Lords to His dre» to be Majesty, communicated this Day at the Conference, considered, into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

High Price Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-of Com to be ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole considered. House, to consider of the present high Price of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow > Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30*

; Anno 36° Georgii III. H Regis, 1795.

j Praters.

» Ey« Writ. /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Lieutenant General Peter Bathurst, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham;

, Vol. 51.

I -

Ordered, That the Grtthd Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, In the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Mr.

Dundas, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Minchin, the Lord Hood, Mr. Fox, Mr. Jerooise, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord William Russell, The Earl Gower Sutherland, Lord John Townshend, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Yorke, General Fitzpatrick, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Sir George Howard, the Lord Bridport, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rolle, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Baker, Mr. Pelham, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Grey, Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Erskine; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Renewal of Petitions, which were depending before this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament, do question the same within the Time limited for the Forfeiture of the Recognizances, in case such Petitions shall not be renewed, as mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regelation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" and that all Persons, who will question the Judgment of any Select Committee respecting the Right of Election, or of appointing Returning Officers, by the Renewal of Petitions, which were depending before this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, according to the Directions of an Act passed for that Purpose in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that all -other Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question1 touching -the Return or Election of any Member, he is to Withdraw during the Time the Matter isr in Debate; and that all

Members,

Grand Cora mi ttees appointed.

Committee of

Privileges

appointed.

Other Orders made.

8

A. 1795.

30° Octoons.

Members, returned upon Double Returns, do with* draw tiQ their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved', That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the

Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster;and that he do see the same

put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the same.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereofj and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the same.

Ordered,

2 *

31T Uctobris.

Haddington

Writ

ddreas retted, and

reed to.

36 Gjso* Til.

9

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Haddington, in the room of John Hamilton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General of the Land Tax in Scotland.

The Earl of Dalkeith reported from the Committee, appointed* Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our bumble Thanks, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We participate in the Satisfaction Your Majesty feels from reflecting that, notwithstanding the many Events unfavourable to the common Cause, the Prospect resulting from the general Situation of Affairs has, in many important Respects, been materially improved in the Course of the present Year.

We derive great Pleasure from observing the Events which have taken place in and from finding

Reason to hope that a Check has been given to the Progress of the French on the Side of Germany, by the recent Operations of the Austrian Army.

In contemplating the Situation of our Enemies, we cannot but be sensible that the Successes which have, in some parts of the Campaign, attended their Military Operations, and the Advantages which they have derived from the Conclusion of separate Treaties with some of the Powers who were engaged in the War, cannot compensate for the Evils which they experience from its Continuance: And it is natural to suppose, that the Destruction of their Commerce, the Diminuation of their Maritime Power, and the unparalleled Embarrassment and Distress of their internal Situation, must have produced a general Sense, that the only Relief from the increasing Pressure of their Difficulties must arise from the Restoration of Peace, and the Establishment of some settled System of Government.

We are well aware how impossible it is to foresee the issue of the extraordinary Crisis which has arisen in that Country; but we receive, with the truest Satisfaction, Your Majesty's gracious Declaration, that, should it terminate in any Order of Things compatible with the Tranquillity of other Countries, and affording a reasonable Expectation of Security and Permanence in any Treaty which might be concluded, the Appearance of a Disposition to negotiate for General Peace, on just and suitable Terms, will not fail to be met, on the Part of Your Majesty, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect.

We, at the same Time, cordially join with Your Majesty in the Persuasion, that nothing is so likely to ensure and accelerate this desirable End, and to provide for the permanent Interests of Your Kingdom, as to shew that we are prepared for either Alternative, and that we are determined to prosecute the War with the utmost Energy and Vigour, until Your Majesty has the Means of concluding, in conjunction with Your Allies, such a Peace as the Justice of the Cause in which we are engaged, and the Situation of the Enemy, may entitle us to expect.

Impressed with these Sentiments, we shall feel it Vol. 6\.

our Duty to give Your Majesty our firmest and most decided Support in Your Majesty's further Exertions, and particularly in those which are directed to the Maintenance and Improvement of our Naval Superiority, and for securing and extending the Advantages which have been gained in the West Indies, and which are so nearly connected with our Commercial Resources and Maritime Strength: And we are persuaded Your Majesty may securely rely on the uniform and unshaken Bravery of Your Fleets and Armies, and on the Fortitude, Perseverance, and Public Spirit of all Ranks of Your People.

While we cannot but lament that the Influence and Controul exercised by France over the United Provinces, should have produced Acts of Hostility, which have obliged Your Majesty to treat them as in a State of War with this Country, it must, at the same Time, afford us much Satisfaction to learn that the Fleet, which Your Majesty has employed in the North Seas, has received the most cordial and active Assistance from the Naval Force furnished by the Empress of Russia, and has been enabled effectually to check the Operations of the Enemy in that Quarter.

We acknowledge Your Majesty's Condescension, in having directed to be laid before us Copies of the Engagements of Defensive Alliance which Your Majesty has concluded with the Two Imperial Courts, and of the Treaty with the United States of America.

Although we must at all Times see, with Regret, the Necessity of making further Additions to the heavy Burthens which have unavoidably been imposed on our Constituents, we feel it an indispensable Duty to make such Provision for the different Branches of the Public Service, as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and it will afford us great Satisfaction to find that the Pressure of these Burthens is, in some Degree, alleviated by the flourishing State of our Commerce and Manufactures, and that our Expences will, under the actual Circumstances of the War, admit of considerable Diminution in Comparison with those of the present Year.

We are deeply sensible of Your Majesty's paternal Goodness in the Expressions of the Anxiety with which Your Majesty has observed the high Price of Grain, and of Your Apprehension that the Produce of the Wheat Harvest, in the present Year, may not have been such as effectually to relieve Your People from the Difficulties with which they have had to contend.

The Spirit of Order and Submission to the Laws, which, with few Exceptions, has manifested itself under this severe Pressure, will, undoubtedly, be felt by us as an additional Incentive to apply ourselves, with the utmost Diligence, to the Consideration of such Measures as may tend to alleviate the present Distress, and to prevent, as far as possible, the Renewal of similar Embarrassments: And nothing can afford us a higher Gratification, than to find ourselves enabled to adopt such Regulations as may give Effect to Your Majesty's gracious and benevolent Views for the Relief and Advantage of Your People, on a Subject so peculiarly interesting to their Welfare.

The said Address being read a Second Time

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech King'.

to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consider-

ation Tomorrow Morning. °°

&D The

D ' ized by

10

30" (Jclobris. A. 1795.

Report of The Earl of Morning ton reported to the House, That Message to he had, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, been at the Lords. Lor(jSi and delivered the Message to them, re-

questing that they would be pleased to communicate to this House a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence of the several Witnesses who were examined by their Lordships Yesterday; and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on high Price to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Com. consider of the present high Price of Com, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Ryder accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and " permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the " Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a " limited Time, without payment of Duty."

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision,

" for . a limited Time, without Payment of Duty And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Secretary Dund do prepare, and bring in, die same.

Mr. Ryder also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Copy of Minutes of Evidence sent from the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to deliver to this House a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence of the several Witnesses who were examined by the Lords, and a List of whose Names were delivered by their Lordships Yesterday at the Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Lords Addres* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the x>n side red. Address of the Lords to His Majesty, communicated

Yesterday at the Conference.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth; vix.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to approach Your Majesty, humbly to express to Your Majesty our Indignation and Abhorrence at the daring Outrages offered to Your Majesty in Your Majesty's Passage to and from Your Parliament. We cannot reflect without the utmost Concern, that there should be found, within Your Majesty's Dominions, any Persons so insensible of the Happiness which all Your Majesty's Subjects derive from Your Majesty's just and mild Government, and of the Virtues which so eminently distinguish Your Majesty's Character, as to be capable of these flagitious Acts: And we beg Leave humbly to lay before Your Majesty the earnest Wishes of Your faithful Lords, in which we are confident we shall be joined by all Descriptions of Your Majesty's Subjects, that You will be graciously pleased to direct the most effectual Measures to be taken, without Delay, to discover the Authors and Abettors of Crimes so atrocious.

And the Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence of the Minute* of several Witnesses examined Yesterday by the Lords, Evidence was also read; and is as followeth; viz.

Die Jovis, 29* Octobris, 1795.

Mr. John Walford, of Pall Mall, Haberdasher, was called in; and being sworn, was examined, as follows:

Was you called out on this Day by the High Constable ?

I was.

Upon what Duty?

The Office of Constable, which I serve at present

Where was you stationed; and what Part of the Attendance had you ?

I was stationed by Mr. Jones, the High Constable, at the Horse Guards.

Did you place yourself according to that Direction ?

Yes.

Did you attend His Majesty's Coach from the Horse Guards to the House of Lords ?

Yes; on the Right Hand Side of His Majesty's Carriage.

Give an Account of what you observed in that Attendance?

On entering into Parliament Street, I observed One Man in particular among the Crowd very active: which I observed to Mr. Stockdale, my Brother Constable, at the Time. This Man was running by the Side of the House, calling out " No War ! Down " with George/" And on our Entrance into Palace

Yard, I observed something came with great Velocity from the Foot Pavement, as I thought; on which I observed to Mr. Stockdale, " Good God! the Glass is " broke! That must surely be a Ball." His Majesty then passed on to the House, and I observed the Man with the Crowd perfectly quiet. Immediately on His Majesty's coming out of the House, they set up a hooting and hissing. I did not observe the Man any more, particularly, till I got into the Park; I then perceived him frequently stoop down, but whether he picked up any Thing or not I cannot say; but at that Time there were many Stones being thrown about.

Hearing him make the same Exclamations again, I told him, if not quiet, I most assuredly should take him into Custody.

The Exclamation of, " Down with George /" again ?

Yes; his still repeating it, when I came opposite to Carleton Gardens, I made One or Two Attempts to seize him, by putting my Hands between the Horse Guards. Finding I could not do it, without Danger of being trod upon, I requested One of them would draw back; upon finding which I immediately seized him, and drew him in close to the Carriage, ana conveyed him to the Court Yard of St. James's, where I believe he now is.

On what Part of the Pavement was the Coach, when the Glass was broken ?

Almost the Center of the Coach Way, just gc£ng

from

aojiiKo. iii. vur.vctobns.

11

from crossing of Bridge Street; just opposite to a Bow Window House by the Ordnance Office, on this Side the Office.

Whether you are understood right, that you saw whatever struck the Glass as it came through the Air, before it touched the Glass ?

Yes.

You cannot say what it was ?

It is utterly impossible, it came with such Velocity.

Whether it struck upon the Glass Side of the Carriage, or passed through the Carriage first ?

It struck the Glass which was up; immediately after I saw His Majesty look down.

Did they appear to be Persons aiding or abetting Evidence this Man, or accidental Persons, differently dispersed respecting in the Crowd? .

I cannot say whether they were immediately, of King, his Party; but there was One Party, whom I observed the Whole of the Way, keeping by the Side of the Carriage, both to the House of Peers and back again — the same People. t

Were they merely men; or Men and Women indiscriminately ?

They were entirely consisting of Men and Boys.

Did you conceive any of them spoke with a French Accent, so as that you might think they were Frenchmen ?

No, I did not.

What Size did you apprehend this mischievous Weapon to be of?

I observed at the Time it must be the Size of a Marble or Bullet

Do you judge from its Size in the Air, or from the Hole it made in the Glass ?

It was impossible to judge of its Size as it passed, but I judged from the Hole it made in the Glass.

Whether, at the Time this Weapon passed, you observed the Man where you have before described ?

I saw him immediately after; at the Time my Eyes were not on the Pavement.

When you then saw him, was he upon the Pavement?;

Whether on the Foot Pavement or not, I cannot tell. The Horse Guards were between the Mob and the Constable.

Did you observe any Thing in the Hands of the Man during any Part of the Time ?

I did not

Have you any Reason to know whether he had any Thing in his Hand or not; any Recollection of

I did not see his Hands at all.

Whereabouts was it that you saw him frequently stooping down ?

In the Park, by Carleton Gardens.

Are any of them in Custody ?,

There are Three, I believe.

Upon your seizing the Man, did he make Resistance, or show any Alarm; or what was his Behaviour on the Occasion ?

He struggled very much to get away; on which I was obliged to have the Assistance of One or Two other Constables to convey him.

Was he alarmed ?

Very much.

Did he say arty Thing ? — What was his Behaviour after you seized him ? .

He said, "Good God! that I should ever be " suspected of Disloyalty!"

After he was seized, was he encouraged, or otherwise addressed by any of the other Persons whom you remarked ?

It was impossible any of them could get to us for the Horse: But he kept repeating the whole Way, " He thought there could be no Harm in acquainting " His Majesty with their Grievances."

At the Time you seized him, and he struggled, did any Body attempt to rescue him ?

I conceive it was impossible they could attempt any Thing of the kind, from the Horse closing immediately upon us. — We were surrounded directly by them.

When you said, " Good God! it must be a Bali!'' did you mean to say, that it must be discharged by an Instrument?

The Witness was directed to withdraw.

Was it generally observed by the Persons who surrounded the King's Carriage, that this Man was taken into Custody ?

Do you mean the Constables, or the Mob ?

Then John Watford was again called in, and examined, as follows:

When you said; " Good God! it must be a Ball!" did you mean to say that it must be discharged by an instrument ?

I made the Observation, that nothing could throw it with that Velocity, but an Instrument.

> Whether you observed any other Outrage committed on the Carriage in which His Majesty was ?

Several.

State them to the House ?

By repeatedly throwing stones.

Do you mean by the same Man, or others ?

I do not positively say that this Man threw any; — by others many were thrown.

You have stated that you heard this Man use the Expression, " Down with George! No War !"-‘-Did you hear any other Person use Expressions of Treason or Disrespect?

Several repeating the same.

The Mob?

I really cannot say.

Did you search the Man you seized ?

We did.

Did you find any Weapon about him ?

There was nothing at all found in his Pockets of any kind.

Did the Man appear to be in Liquor ?

No.

Did the Ball appear to come in an horizontal Direction?

I really cannot tell, it came with such Velocity. The Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then Mr.. John Stockdale, Bookseller, of Piccadilly,

was called in; and being sworn, was examined, as follows:

Are you serving the Office of Constable now ? Yes.

Had

12

30° Octobris. A. 1795.

Evidence respecting Outrages offered to the King.

Had you Notice from the High Constable to attend Today ?

Yes.

Where was you placed ?

At the Horse Guards.

Was you all the Time near the last Witness, Wolford f I was.

Give an Account, then, what you observed from the Horse Guards f

I observed a great Crowd, and a Number of Persons, about Forty or Fifty, going near the King's Coach, hissing and making a great deal of Noise, and crying out, "No War! No and a Number of Expressions of that Kind.

What other Expressions ?

A Number of others, which I did not take particular Notice what they were. Mr. mentioned

to me, he observed some of the Persons that were very active in hissing and making a Riot. — Nothing particular happened, till I observed, when we came to the narrow Part of Palace Yard, when I saw something thrown at His Majesty's Carriage, and heard it hit the Glass. Mr. Walford, who was standing close by me (I was then within a few Yards of the Carriage) remarked to me, that he thought that was the Person who dung it, and desired me to assist in seizing him, and pointed out the Man. But as the Crowd was very thick, I did not take any particular Notice, as I thought it impossible to seize any Man, the Crowd was going so quick. Nothing further passed till His Majesty alighted, when Mr. Walford observed the Man alluded to standing in Company with some others near the Carriage: He made this Remark, that he believed that was the Man that dung the Stone, and that was so very active; and pointed him out, I believe, to One of the Bow Street Persons: I don't know the Person, but they said his Name was Kennedy. After His Majesty was in the Coach, and set off on His Return Home to the Palace, we observed this same Person, with a Number of others, that had followed the-Coach at the same Time downwards, keeping Company on the Side of the Coach in a very disorderly Manner, hissing and groaning, and calling out, " No War!" and making use of a Number of disagreeable Expressions.

What Expressions ?

r Such as " No War!" and I believe " No King!"

<! And this Person, with several others that went down

I and came up, making frequent Exertions to get through

from amongst the Horse to the King's Carriage, which by main Force we put back betwixt the Horses. When we had got about the Middle of the Park, the Constable who was with me (I believe his Name is Walford) addressed himself particularly to the young Man that was taken up, desiring him to be peaceable and behave better, or he would take him into Custody. He, with L others, appeared to be very insolent, to set the Constable at Defiance; upon which he was seized and kept

in Custody till we got to St. James's. Nothing else passed, that I know of.

Did you see any Person in the Act of throwing?

I did not

Was you or Walford foremost when the Glass broke ?

We were nearly together; he was a Yard or Two before me.

Did Walford make any Observation to you upon it? He did.

What was it?

He said, " I am certain that was the Man that " flung the Stone; let us seize him — alluding to the

Person that was afterwards taken up, a young Man in a grey Coat and a black Collar.

Did you observe the Stroke on the Glass ?

I did not, but I saw whatever it was that was thrown very distinctly, and heard it go against the^Glass. It seemed to me to have the Appearance of a Halfpenny; and I saw it so distinct that it appeared as if the Force of the Throw was spent before it hit the Glass, and by that Means that it could not break the Glass, though 1 do not know that it did not.

Did you observe if the Glass was broke ?

No, I did not

Did Walford make any Observation to you, with regard to the Stroke upon the Glass ?

I do not recollect — but I really believe that what I saw thrown was not what broke the Glass, because other Persons that were near me heard something that went past with great Velocity against the Glass, and that was not the Case with what I saw thrown against the Glass; — as I have said before, the Force was spent.

Did Walford make any Observation to you upon the Velocity with which it was thrown ?

I am not certain whether he did or not: But I think he did not think that what I saw thrown was what broke the Glass.

Do you recollect that Walford at the Time said any Thing to you of what he thought broke the Glass ?

I am not certain; I think he thought it was something that was thrown with great Velocity, but I am not certain.

Did he say what that Something was ?

He did not; but I am as perfectly satisfied as I can be, that there were Two Substances thrown at the same Time, for the Reason I mentioned before.

You said, there were Forty or Fifty Persons went back from here; — do you mean to say they were the same Parties?

Yes; and several of them seemed to know each other, as if they belonged to the same Gang, if I may be allowed such an Expression. My Reason for it is, that there were several standing together; the young Man taken up was resting his Shoulder on one of his Companions in a friendly Manner. — I asked him, at St. James's, " If he knew the Person whose Shoulder " he was resting upon ?" And he denied having any Knowledge of the Persons he was standing with.

When Walford talked of a Substance thrown, did you understand him to mean thrown with a Hand ?

Yes; but there were other Persons present that differed from him in Opinion, and thought it was a Shot from a Window where there were no Persons looking out 1 looked at the Window myself. I gave Credit for that Opinion, because what I saw thrown, though I heard it hit the Glass, could not break it, at least I thought it could not; nor I could not believe the Window was broke, till I enquired of the Servants about the Coach, and then that convinced me that it was something thrown from some Window, a Marble, or something of that Kind, with great Velocity.

State the particular Part of the Street where you saw this Substance like a Half-penny strike the Window ?

It was betwixt the Two Palace Yards, thrown from the Right Hand Side, in the narrow Part.

You attended the Carriage from the one Palace Yard to the other — did you hear any other Substance strike the Window between the one Palace Yard and the other ?

I did not; and for that Reason, that if there was

any

xJAJ VJfcU. ill

xJ\S KSVtVIII ip*

IcJ

any Thing that went through the Window, it must have been at the same Time, for I did not hear any Second Stroke against the Glass.

Do you recollect who the Persons were that thought it must have come from a Window ?

I do not; but it was the Conversation of the different Constables that were about the Carriage after His Majesty alighted, and the Opinion of several: I do not recollect who asserted the Fact of its being thrown from a Window.

Have you since seen the Hole in His Majesty's Carriage ?

I have seen One Hole; that was after the Carriage got into the Palace, and that was made I believe by a Tile, or something of the Kind, thrown at the Carriage as it was entering the Palace Gate in returning.

Did the Brick hit His Majesty's Carriage on the same Side as the Substance hit it in Palace Yard; was it on the Right Hand Side, or the Left?

On the Left, I believe.

Did you see the Brick hit it r

No; I did not.

You saw no other Hole in His Majesty's Carriage ?

No.

You think something was flung out of a Window of a House ? — do you know the House ?

Certainly I could not; nor within Fifty Yards.

Do you know the Orduance Office ?

I do not.

You mentioned " Walford had taken Notice of the " Activity of a Man — was that when the Glass wa3 broke, or before that Time ?

I believe he mentioned that Circumstance to me before the Stone was thrown; about Half Way between the Horse Guards and Palace Yard.

Was the Person whom Mr. Waif ord pointed out to you in Palace Yard, as the Person who threw the Stone, the Person who was afterwards taken up ?

Yes.

And Mr. Walford said " That was the Man who threw the Stone ?"

Yes; he said, he believed that was the Man, and pointed him out to Kennedy.

Where did he point him out to the Constable Kennedy?

In Palace Yard, within about Ten Yards of His Majesty's Carriage, after His Majesty alighted.

Was that the same Man as he pointed out to you in Parliament Street ?

I believe it was; but he then pointed him out with several others, but not him in particular.

The Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then Mr. John Walford was called in again, and examined, as follows;

Did you point out, in Palace Yard, to Mr. a Man who had thrown a Stone ?

I certainly mentioned to Mr. Stockdale, that I thought that was the Man who threw the Stone or the other Matter, or whatever it was that broke the Window: My Reason for so doing was the Activity he had shewn the Whole of the Way.

Did you hear a Conversation about an open Window?

I heard One of His Majesty's Foqtmcn make the Remark, and asked me if 1 had seen it; I told him I had not.

Vol. SI.

You have said, in One of your Answers, that you Evidence thought it was a Bullet from an Instrument; you respecting have now said it was a Stone; — reconcile these Answers ? K.ing-.

I certainly, in the First Instance, thought it was a Bullet, or some other hard Substance, from the Velocity with which it came. Mr. Stockdale said he thought it was a Half-penny, or something of that Kind. I said I really could not tell what it was, but that it must be something rounder and harder to occasion that Blow.

Then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then Mr. James Parker, of Pimlico, One of His Majesty's Footmen, was called in; and being sworn, was examined, as follows:

You attended His Majesty Today from his Palace to the House of Lords ?

Yes.

Where was your Place ?

At the Coach Door, on the Right Hand.

Relate what you saw there r

We were coming down by the Ordnance Office, and about Two Doors from there, there was a Kind of a Ball, or a Marble, or something of that Kind, that whisked by my Face; it appeared to come with great Velocity, right strait forwards. I immediately said to One of the Yeomen, " I think that came from " a Gun, a Wind Gun, for I heard no Report." — I immediately looked round, could see nothing; I looked at the Glass of the Carriage, and saw a little Hole. I looked round, to see if I could see where the Ball or Substance, or whatever it was, came from, and I perceived a Window open — there was Nobody at it, which gave me Reason to think it came from that Direction. — I said to the Yeoman, 4‘ I thought it " was very strange where that could come from," or something to that Effect. — I don't know any Thing more.

Can you point out the House ?

It has Green Outside Windows.

Was that the only empty Window ?

I did not observe any other.

Was it a Window in a First Floor, or where ? ,

A Parlour Window.

What Part of the Glass was hit ?

Rather lower than the Middle: it was no great Way from iny Head: I had hold of the Haudle of the Door.

You say this was one of the Houses near the Ordnance { — Was it a House with a Bow Window ?

A Bow, not of the Parlour, but of the Floor above it.

Was it not the House next to the narrow Passage that comes into Palace Yard, next the Cathedral ?

It was the End House; there is no other.

You made no Enquiry there?

No.

Do you believe the Hole in the Glass was made by the Bullet or other round Substance, that you heard whizzed by you ?

I have no Doubt about it

Do you think that, to have done what you describe, it could have been thrown by a Hand ?

I think it impossible to have come in that Way, and leave so small a Hole in the Glass.

E Did

3U ucwuris.

Jl. UVD.

> idence specting u tr ages fered to the ing.

Did you observe any Thing else thrown about the same Time ?

Nothing at all.

Did you give such Attention to the House, at the Time, as to say which Window it came from ?

No; 1 could not tell that it came from the

Window or the Street: I only thought it might come from the Window.

Was there any Person in any other Window ?

I do not recollect there was; I was so timid, I looked into the Carriage, and saw His Majesty was not hurt.

You have nothing more to relate ?

No.

The Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then, John Sayer, Officer of Bow Street, was

called in; and being sworn, was examined, as follows:

Was you attending the Procession Today ?

Yes.

Was you near His Majesty's Carriage when it came into Palace Yard ?

Yes.

What did you observe?

I observed something come against the Carriage.

Was you near the Carriage ?

Close to it.

What did you observe?

I could not tell what it was — it made a Crash.

Against what Part of the Carriage ?

Against the Glass of the Door.

The Center, or Fannel?

The Center.

You did not see in what Direction it came?

No; I looked up immediately.

What Effect had it on the Glass?

I saw the Glass broke.

In what Manner ?

Apparently with a Hole in the Middle of the Glass, with a cracked Star up it.

Did you see any thing thrown at that Time ?

I did not.

Was it a large Hole, or what ?

I take it might be as big as my Finger; a round Hole, apparently round.

Did you observe any open Window ?

I did not.

Was any other Officer with you at that Time ?

No.

Where was Kennedy?

A little before me; near the Carriage.

Do you recollect the Place where it happened ?

Yes.

Do you know the House opposite to ^where it happened ?

Yes.

Which House is it ?

To the best of my Knowledge, it is the House next the Abbey.

Whose House is it ?

I do not know.

Did you accompany the Carriage going and coming? Yes.

Then you saw what Sort of People they were — did you take Notice of those who were guilty of the Riots and Insults going and coming ?

Yes.

Did they appear the same, or a different Set of Men ?

There were different Men at different Places, but some followed all the Way.

What was the Number, as far as you can state, that you think followed all the Way ?

There might be Thirty or Forty of each Side the Carriage.

Did those Thirty or Forty appear to know one another?

I cannot say that.

What was the Nature of the Insult they offered, in Language, or how ?

They were swearing and hissing.

What Language ?

They hallooed out, " Peace! Peace! '

Any Thing further ?

I heard nothing further.

You did not hear them say, " Peace! and no

" George !"

No.

Did you mean Thirty or Forty on each Side the Carriage, or only Thirty or Forty on both Sides the Carriage ?

On each.

Then you mean Eighty ?

If I was to sav an Hundred on each Side, I should not exceed.

Do you mean these Hundred came and returned ?

No; they might, for what I know.

Did you see the Man that Walford took into Custody ?

I saw a Man that was taken into Custody, but do not know it was the same he took into Custody.

Was the Person you saw in Custody one of Thirty or Forty that were turbulent?

I saw him, amongst a Number of other Persons that were hissing, when the Constable laid hold of him.

He was seized in the Park?

Yes.

Do you recollect seeing him before, in Margaret Street or Palace Yard?

No.

But you had seen him before, among the Crowd ?

Yes. '

Where had you seen him ?

I saw one of the Horse Soldiers put him aside, just before the Constable laid hold of him.

In the Park ?

Yes.

Then you had not seen him before ?

No.

Be quite clear as to the Number of Persons who . followed the Coach the whole Way going and coming? — whether Thirty or Forty on each Side, or more?

I should suppose there might be more than that going and coming.

The Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then

Lords Address agreed to.

36 Geo. III. 30° — 31° Octobris. — 2° Novembris.

i5

Then Christopher Kennedy, Boro Street Officer*

was called in; and being sworn, was examined _

as follows: 31° die Octobris

Was you in Attendance Today? Yes.

Anno 36° Georgii III'" Regis, 1795.

Was you near the Carriage of His Majesty ?

Yes.

Did you see any Thing pass in Margaret Street, or Palace Yard?

I heard something come against the Glass of the Door of the State Coach. — I looked up, and saw a Hole in the Glass, and the Glass starred.

What sort of a Hole ?

A small Hole.

What do you suppose it was made with ?

I do not know what it was made with; I do not think it could be a Stone.

Why?

If it had been a Stone, I should think it would have made a larger Hole.

Did you observe any open Window opposite to the Carriage at that Time?

I did not.

Did you observe a Number of People about the Coach ?

Yes.

Did they follow the Coach going, and on its Return ?

Yes.

Did they appear to be the same Party on its coming and returning?

Yes, they did.

In what Manner did they behave ?

Some huzzaing, some hissing, and some calling for Peace.

Any Thing on the Return?

On returning, I heard several Somethings come against the State Coach.

What Things?

I do not know. — I did see One Stone, and that about as big as a large Walnut.

Did you go with the Coach till it got back to the Palace ?

Yes.

Was there a Glass broke then?

Entering the Stable Yard, I heard something come against the Glass.

The Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then the said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved,' Neniine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the filanks therein were filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships that this House hath agreed to the Address, to which the Lords desired the Con-, currence of this House, and have filled up the Blanks with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That the Earl of Mornington do carry the said Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. SI.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Uolfird The King s,

and Mr. Smith: tended

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

House, That His Majesty has appointed this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James, to be attended with the Address of both Houses; and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Viscount Stop ford reported to the House, That The King ap-His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to Pomt* L,e the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Ma- atten jesty's Pleasure, wh^n He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

King's Speech considered.

Motion for a Supply.

To be considered in a Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III'U Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, That both Houses attended King's An-His Majesty upon Saturday last, with their *wer Ad" Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give houses. °' this most Gracious Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I receive, with great Pleasure, this additional Proof of your uniform Zeal and Loyalty. I have too much Reason to be assured of the affectionate and steady Attachment of My People at large, to have felt any other Sentiment upon this Occasion than that of Concern at so high a Violation of the Laws. I shall not fail to give such Directions as may best tend to bring to.

Justice and Punishment the Persons concerned in an Offence so dangerous to the Public Tranquillity, and so injurious to Our excellent Constitution.

Mr. Speaker also reported to the House, That the King's An-House attended His Majesty upon Saturday last, with swer to their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to Addre8S-give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very loyal and dutiful Address.

It affords Me the greatest Satisfaction to learn that you concur in the View which I entertain of the general

Situation

16 2° — 3° Novembris. A. 1795:

Situation and Prospect of Affairs, and to receive the Assurances of your firm and decided Support in those Exertions, which are most likely to ensure and accelerate the Restoration of Peace, on such Grounds as the Justice of Our Cause, and the Situation of the Enemy, may entitle Us to expect.

Nothing shall be omitted, on My Part, to make an effectual Use of the Means which you may put into My Hands, for a Purpose so important to the permanent Interests and Happiness of my People.

Petitions for Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Private Bills, for Private Bills after the 29th Day of January next.

St. Mawes' Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Mawes, in the County of Cormoall, in the room of Thomas Calvert, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty*» Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to to consider of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Motion consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That °ra uppy' a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vote of Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of

Thanks to this House be given to Admiral Lord Bridport, for his Lord'ftrid- a^e and gallant Conduct in the important and brilliant port. Sir Alan Victory obta'ned over the Enemy, on the 23d Day of Gardner, June last, by a Detachment of His Majesty's fleet &c. &c. under his Command.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Vice Admiral Sir Alan Gardner, Baronet, Rear Admiral Harvey, and Rear Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour, for their gallant Exertions on the above Occasion: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the Thanks of this House to Rear Admiral Harvey.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Captains and Officers of the Squadron under the Cotnmand of Admiral Lord Bridport, for their gallant Exertions on the above Occasion: And that Admiral Lord Bridport do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine ContThat this House doth highly approve of and acknowledge the Services of the Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board the Ships under the Command of Admiral Lord Bridport, in the brilliant Action with the French Fleet, on the 23d Day of June last: And that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 3* die Novembris Anno 36* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1795.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of Petition to The Grand Junction Canal, was presented to the a,ter House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, GrandJunmade in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His tion Canal present Majesty, the Petitioners are authorised to Act*, make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, and to raise any Sum of Money towards defraying the Expences thereof, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds; and that by an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners are authorized to make Two navigable Cuts to communicate with the said Canal, and to make a Cut or Feeder from IVcndover, in the County of Buckingham, to the Summit of the said Canal, in the Parish of Tring. in the County of Hertford, for supplying the said Canal with Water; and, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act was made for varying the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal in the said County of Hertford, in order to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient, and Two other Acts were passed for making certain navigable Cuts therein described, to communicate with the said Canal, but no Provision is made, in any of the said Four, last mentioned Acts, for raising Money for carrying' the Works, directed to be made by the same Acts, into Execution; and that the Petitioners are proceeding with the said Canal, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof, and have expended a very large Sum of Money therein, but it will require a greater Sum than the Petitioners are authorized to faise to finish the said Canal, and to make and com-, plete all the said several Cuts, for which no Provision' ‘ has been made as aforesaid; and that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise such Sum of Money as, with the Money raised, or to be raised, by virtue of the said first-mentioned Act, will be sufficient for finishing the said Canal, and making and completing the said Cuts, and the several Works thereto respectively belonging, and for making such Alterations and Amendments to the said Acts, as the:

House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the came, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Plumer, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have.

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying WadeimiU, into Execution Three Acts of Parliament, made and Barley, and passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign Boyston, of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads lead- eutJ0"* ing from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the

oa Term

Famborough and Seven-oaks Road Petition.

Report from Committee on Supply.

36 Geo. III. 3° Novembris. IT

Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Tolls altered and increased, and the said Acts amended in some other Respects; and that Two small Pieces of Road, in and

Barley aforesaid, and also a Piece of Road (for the Distance of 640 Poles) leading from Barley towards the Cambridge Turnpike Road, have, for a great Number of Years, been considered to be Part of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of the said recited Acts, and, as such, have been amended and kept in Repair, from Time to Time, by the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution, and, ever since the Year 1793, the Repairs of the last mentioned Piece of Road have, by the said Trustees, been extended for the Distance of 72 Poles, to join and communicate with the said Cambridge Turnpike Road, at a Stone lately erected at a Place called Long in

the County of Essex, whereon is inscribed, on one Side, " JVades Mill Trust," and, on the other, " Cambridge Trust;" and that the continuing to keep the said several Pieces of Road in good Repair, by the said Trustees, will be of Public Benefit, but Doubts have arisen, whether by the said Acts they are authorized to continue to repair the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Praed, fcc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of -borough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of , in the said

County, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, the said Road has been amended and kept in Repair, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and now remains due; and that the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls authorized to be collected, have been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Acts, but the same cannot be re-paid, nor the said Road completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House-shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knaichbull, Mr. Hoiiyrcood, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday Vox-51.

last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicenle, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That This House will, Tomorrow Morning, Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply ap-to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty. pointed.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimates, Navy, for the Year 1796, with an Estimate of the Half &c* ordered. Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers Ordinary of of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be NavY laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1796, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Gunrd - and Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1796, Garr, so,s-be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1796, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and War- Reduced rant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Officer*, such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1796, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Chelsea Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1796, Pensioners, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, Service* not and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before provided for. this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Disposition Account, shewing how the Monies, given for the of Grants. Service of the Year 1795, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

Ordered That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Answer of ceived, from Vice Admiral Hot the following Admiral Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified Hotham to to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Com- thanks mands of the 1 oth Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament:

Britannia, at Sea, 15th June 1795.

Sir,

The highly honourable and flattering Testimony, conveyed in your Letter, of the Sense which the Commons of England have, by their unanimous Vote, been pleased to entertain of my Services, and that of the Officers, Seamen, and 'Troops, serving under my Orders on the 14th of March, I lost no Time to communicate to them, in the most public Manner; for, to their Efforts and Exertions is to be attributed abundantly more Merit than any of which I can boast.

F Public

18 3° Novembris. A. 1795

Public Thanks, coming from such an august Assembly, as they reflect the highest Lustre on those upon whom they are conferred, cannot but be considered as the greatest of all possible Rewards, and must necessarily furnish additional Incentives to that Glory, Zeal, and steady Perseverance, which, I trust, the British Fleet will, at all Times, manifest in the Defence of their King and of their Country; and, as no Language of mine caa express the Sense of what I feel for having, only in the Execution of my Duty, been so amply rewarded, I must beg you will do me the Kindness to endeavour to impress upon the Honourable House all that I feel from their Indulgence, as I must ever consider it the first Honour of my Life to have obtained this Public Mark of their Distinction.

I cannot conclude, without thanking you, Sir, most cordially for your obliging Partiality, expressed in the polite and flattering Terms with which you have been pleased to convey to me the Resolutions of the House upon this Occasion.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

JV.

The Right Honourable the Speaker.

AdmiralI/ud Admiral Lord Bridport being come to the House, iridport Mr. Speaker acquainted him, that the House had, hgnked. Yesterday, unanimously resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to him, for his able and gallant Conduct in the important and brilliant Victory obtained over the Enemy, on the 23d Day of last, by a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet under His Command; And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followed; viz.

Admiral Lord Bridp, In Obedience to the Commands of this House, I have the Happiness to communicate to your Lordship their unanimous Thanks for the important Service which you have rendered, to jour Country. — The Intrepidity, the Skill, and Public Spirit, of British Officers and Seamen, have at no Period been more conspicuously and successfully manifested than during the present War: These Qualities were peculiarly displayed on that memorable Occasion, which has added Lustre to the Naval Reputation of your Country, as well as to your own. It is on that Maritime Superiority, which your Lordship has eminently contributed to maintain, that not the Glory only, but the Security and Independence, of these Kingdoms, must, under the Favour of Divine Providence, materially and chiefly depend. This House has accordingly marked the deep Sense which it entertains of your Lordships Conduct by that honourable Testimony of Public Gratitude which it is my Duty to convey to you: In the Name, therefore, of the Commons of Great Britain I do give you their unanimous Thanks for your able and gallant Conduct in the important and brilliant Victory obtained over the Enemy, on the 23d Day of June last, by a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet under your Lordship's Command.

nni Brid- Upon which Admiral Lord Bridport said, ut'sAnswer. Mr. Speaker,

I rise. Sir, with the warmest Sentiments of Gratitude, to express my unfeigned Acknowledgments for the high Honour the House of Commons have con-: ferred upon me, by their unanimous Vote of Thanks for my humble Services on the 23d of June last. To the Valour and spirited Conduct of the Admirals, the . Bravery of the Captains,* the other Officers, Seamen,

Marines, and Soldiers, I attribute the Success of a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet, under my Command on that Day.

It was my Duty, Sir, to manifest my Loyalty to the best of Sovereigns, to shew my Veneration and Attachment for our glorious Constitution, and mark, to the utmost of my Power, upon that and every other Occasion, a sincere Regard for the Interests of the Public; and I am now proud in receiving the Vote of this House, which you have had the goodness to convey in Terms the most gratifying to me; for which Honour I beg, Sir, you will accept my cordial and grateful Thanks.

Vice Admiral Sir Alan Gardner, Baronet, and Rear Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour, being come to the House, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House had, Yesterday, unanimously resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to them for their gallant Exertions in the important and brilliant Victory obtained over the Enemy, on the 23d Day of June last, by a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Bridport: And Mn Speaker gave them the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Vice Admiral Sir Alan Gardner, Rear Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour,

It is with the utmost Satisfaction that 1 obey the Commands of this House by conveying to you their unanimous Thanks for your gallant Exertions in the Service of your Country. An additional Proof was given, on the late distinguished Occasion, of the superior Skill and Valour which are the Characteristics of British Officers and Seamen, and which have raised to the Eminence they have attained the Naval Power and Glory of these Kingdoms. In affording this Proof you had severally a distinguished Share: Services so meritorious in themselves and which leads to Consequences so important, will ever ensure the grateful Acknowledgments of the Commons of Great Britain; and I do accordingly give you their unanimous Thanks for your gallant Exertions in the important and brilliant Victory obtained over the Enemy, on the 23d Day of June last, by a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Bridport.

Upon which Vice Admiral Sir Alan said,

Mr. Speaker,

After what has been said by the Noble Lord, under whose Command I had the Honour to be placed (in the Second Post of his Fleet) on the 23d of June last, it would ill become me to say any Thing farther respecting the Transactions of that Day. But, Sir, it is a Duty incumbent on me to express to the House, in the strongest Manner I am able, the Obligations I am under for the very favourable Opinion which they have been pleased to entertain of my Exertions and Conduct on the Day alluded to; and, in the most respectful Manner, to return my Thanks to this august Assembly for the great and distinguished Honour which they have, this Day, conferred upon me.

Nothing, Sir, can be so gratifying to my Feelings, as an Officer, as to receive in my Place, the Thanks of this Honourable House; an Event so honourable to myself will ever remain most deeply impressed on my Mind.

Before I sit down, I must request. Sir, that you will accept my sincere Thanks for1 the obliging Manner in which you have been pleased to express the Sentiments of the Hoase on this Occasion.

Rear Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour then said,

Mr. Speaker,

I feel most sensibly the very distinguished Honour which I have just received; and beg the House will give me Credit for its ever operating upon my Mind in a Way to increase those Exertions in my Country's

02 Service,

Admirals Sir A lan Gardner and Lord Hugh Seymour thanked.

f'ir Alan Gardi er's Answer.

Lord Hue:* Seymour a Answer.

36 Geo. III.

3° Novemb

19

Mr. Speaker's Speeches, &c. to be printed.

Committee on high Price of Corn.

Committee appointed to consider the high Price of Com.

Bill for amending Laws respecting the Price and Assize of Bread, ordered.

Service, for which I have been fortunate enough to have received so very ample a Reward.

To you, Sir, 1 beg to offer my warmest Thanks for the very obliging as well as very flattering Manner in which you have communicated those Thanks to me.

Ordered, Kemine Contradicente, That what has been

now said by Mr. Speaker, in giving the Thanks of this House to Admiral Lord Vice Admiral

Sir Alan Gardner, Baronet, and Rear Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour, together with their Answers thereto, be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That he was directed by tire Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ryder accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that a Select Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto; and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto; and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Honse, with their Observations thereupon:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of- the Exchequer, Mr. General

Smith, Mr. Hussey, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Hobart, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Mr.

Hole Carew, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Charles Long, Sir John JVodehouse, Sir Charles. Banbury, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hopkins, the Earl of MMr. Alderman Curtis, Sir I Catkin Lewes, Mr. Burdon, Mr. Christian Curwen, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Srniih, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Jjtxhmere, Mr. Johm Pitt, Sir John Call, Sir Alartin Browne Folkes, Sir William Mr. Coke, Mr.

Rose, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Sir Fran-

cis' Baring, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Jackson, -Mr, John Smyth, Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Al-iderman Anderson; and all the Knights for Shires; and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet iTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the (Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Ryder also reported from the said Committee of the whole House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to -bring in a Bill for amending the Laws respecting the Price and Assize of Bread.

And Mr; Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Laws respecting the Price and Assize of Bread: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ryder also reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to - prohibit,. for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and i Vox,. 51.

for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ryder also reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a further Time to he limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, " or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, " Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made " Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, " to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment " of Duty."

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or " any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty:" And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Hussey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein to prevent the Distillation of Spirituous Liquors from Potatoes.

Mr. Ryder likew ise reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom.

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to prohibit the making of Starch from Wheat, See. ordered:

Bill prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c. ordered.

Instruction to prevent distilling Spirits from Potatoes.

Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, &c. ordered.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- instruction men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a to alter and Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An the ExAct for enabling His Majesty to prohibit #the Exportationoi " portation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, Corn,

" and for allowing the Importation of other Articles " of Provision, ior a limited Time, without Payment " of Duty," that they do make Provision in the said Bill for altering and amending certain Provisions in the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

20

Accounts

presented.

Prohibited Lust India Goods.

Naval Stores from Russia.

Whale Ships.

Farnborough and Seven-oaks Road Petition reported.

4° Novembris. A. 1795.

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the '

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

THE House being informed, that some of the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Acts were read: — And,

Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented John Fellow es Claridge, Clerk to the Trustees, being to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in Acts of Parliament, the Execution of the said Acts, and have caused th*

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, said Road to be amended and kept in Repair, for imported and brought to Account in the Coast Ware- which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has house and Private Trade Warehouses in the Port of been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts; which London, firorn Michaelmas 1794 to Michaelmas 1795, Money now remains due, and cannot be re-paid, nor the what delivered for Exportation during that Period, and said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, what remained in Account at the said Warehouses at unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further Michaelmas 1795: And also, continued.

N° 2. An Account of East India prohibited Goods, O, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to imported into the Bengal Warehouse, New Street, Bi- continue the Term of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty -shopgate Street, in the Port of London, from Michael- second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, mas 1794 to Michaelmas 1795, also what exported and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for during that Time, and what remained in the said Ware- repairing and widening the Road leading from The house at Michaelmas 1795: And also, at the North West End of the Town or Village of

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of Rivcrhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County:

London at Michaelmas 1794, what have been since And that Sir Edward Knatchbull, and Mr. Honyuood, brought in, what exported, as also what remained at do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Michaelmas 1795: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom potition t(y

to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware- the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The alter and houses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1794, what Grand Junction Canal was referred; That the Com- amend The have been since brought in, what exported, as also what mittee had examined, and found that the Standing remained tit Michaelmas 1795: And also, Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had A°cts r‘c_

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- ported, which have been delivered out of the Bengal and mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed Coast Warehouses in New Street, Bishopgate Street, him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the Private Trade Warehouses, and the Custom House in House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1794, in order wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been since same was read; and is as followeth; vis. returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1795: To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

And also, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from present Majesty, to enable the said Company to make a Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1794 Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, to Michaelmas 1795: And also, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, and for

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from making certain Navigable Cuts, and other Works therein Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The mentioned, was read; by which it appeared that the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1794 to Michaelmas 1795: said Company were authorized to raise any Sum, not

And also, exceeding the Sum of 600,000l. for making and com-

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which pleting those Works, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Then, several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year Streights and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Par-Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted liament, for amending the said first-mentioned Act, and out, Ports where they were discharged, and also the for making several Navigable Cuts, and also a Cut or Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship in the Year Feeder therein described, to communicate with the said 1795. . Canal, were also read; by which it appears, that no

And then they withdrew. Provision was made by any of those Acts, for raising

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. any Money towards carrying on the Works thereby

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the authorized to be done: — And,

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the said, That a considerable Progress has been made in other Papers of this Session. making the said Canal, Feeder, and other Works di-

rected to be done by the said first-mentioned Act Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Coni- Mr. Thomas Homer, Auditor of the Accounts of the mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees said Company of Proprietors, being examined, said, for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the That 4,331 Shares of 100l. each, had been subscribed. Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, amounting to 433,100l.; and that the Company have and the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, for re- expended the Sum of 296,402/. in carrying on the said pairing and widening the Road leading from The Canal and Feeder, with the other Works directed by Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village the said first-mentioned Act, and in the Purchase of of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place Lands, Mills, Wrharfs, and other Hereditaments, and

called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoalcs, in the Said in Salaries and other incidental Disbursements, up to

County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was the 20th of May 1795, so that the Sum then unex-referred; That the Committee had examined, and pended, amounted to 136,698/. — -And,

Mr.

Mercurii, 4* die Novembris;

Anno 36® Georgii III*" Regis, 1795-P RAYBRS.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills ordered.

High Price of Corn to be further considered.

Treaties with Russia; the Emperor; and America; presented.

36 Geo. III. 4° Novembris. 21

Mr. Jessop, being again examined, said. That from the said 20th of May, it would require, to complete the Canal, and the said Cut or Feeder, the Sum of 311,932/., and to carry on and complete the several other Cuts and Works, the Sum of 164,657/., making together 476,589/.: And it appears that, when from that Sum the Money unexpended as aforesaid is deducted, the further Sum necessary to be raised, is 339,891/. — And,

Mr. Edward Oakley Gray, One of the Clerks to the said Company, being examined, said, That several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament: And that Mr. Praed, Sir William Young, and Mr. Robert Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five."

Mr. Ryder acquainted the House, That he had been directed by the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, to move the House, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. Copy of a Treaty of Defensive Alliance between His Britannick Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at Saint Petersburgh the 18th Day of February 1795; and Translation: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Treaty of Defensive- Alliance between His Britannick Majesty and the Emperor of Germany, signed at Vienna the 20th Day of May 1795; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Britannick Majesty and the United States of America, signed at London the 19th' Day of November 1794.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The Copies of the Two first of the said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, and the other Paper, are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of the Treaty of Defensive Alliance between His Britannick Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at Saint Petersburgh, the 18th Day of February 1795.

In the Name of the most Holy Trinity.

His Britannick Majesty and her Majesty the Empress of all the Russias, animated with a Desire equally sincere to strengthen more and more the Ties of Friend-Vol. 51.

ship and good Understanding which so happily subsist between them and their respective Monarchies, have thought that nothing would more effectually contribute to this salutary End, than the Conclusion of a Treaty of Defensive Alliance, concerning which they should occupy themselves forthwith, and which should have for Basis the Stipulations of similar Treaties which have already been heretofore concluded, and have made the Object of the most intimate Union between the Two Empires; for this Purpose their said Majesties have named for their Plenipotentiaries; that is to say, His Britannick Majesty, the Sieur Charles Whitworth, His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, Knight of the Order of the Bath; and her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, the Sieur John Count Osterman, her Vice Chancellor, actual Privy Councillor, Senator, and Knight of the Orders of St.Andrew, of St. Alexander Newsky, Great Cross of that of St. Wladimir of the First Class, of St. Anne; the Sieur Alexander Count of Bezborodko, her Great Master of the Court, actual Privy Councillor, Director General of the Posts, and Knight of the Orders of Si. Andrerc, of St. Alexander Newsky, and Great Cross of that of St. Wladimir of the First Class; and the Sieur Arcadi de Morcoff, Privy Councillor, Member of the College of Foreign Affairs, Knight of the Order of St. Alexander Newsky, and Great Cross of that of Wladimir of the First Class; who, after having mutually exchanged their full Powers, found to be in good and due Form, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

There shall be a sincere and constant Friendship between His Britannick Majesty and her Majesty the Empress of all the Russias, their Heirs and Successors, and in consequence of this intimate Union, the High Contracting Parties shall have nothing more strongly at Heart than to promote, by all possible Means, their mutual Interests, to avert from each other whatsoever might cause them any Injury, Damage, or Prejudice; and to maintain themselves reciprocally in the undisturbed Possession of their Dominions, Rights, Commerce, and Prerogatives whatsoever, by guarantying reciprocally for this Purpose, all their Countries, Dominions, and Possessions, as well such as they actually possess, as those which they may acquire by Treaty.

Article II.

If, notwithstanding the Efforts which they shall employ by common Consent in order to obtain this End, it should nevertheless happen that one of them should be attacked, by Sea or Land, the other shall furnish to him immediately, on the Requisition being made, the Succours stipulated by the following Articles of this Treaty.

Article III.

His Britannick Majesty and her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias declare, however, that in contracting the present Alliance, their Intention is by no Means to give Offence thereby, or to injure any one, but that their sole Intention is to provide by these Engagements for their reciprocal Advantage and Security, as well as for the Re-establishment of Peace, and the Maintenance of the General Tranquillity of Europe, and above all that of the North.

Article IV.

As the Two High Contracting Parties possess the same Desire to render to each other their mutual Succours as advantageous as possible, and as the natural Force of Russia consists in Land Troops, whilst Great Britain can principally furnish Ships of War; it is agreed upon, that if His Britannick Majesty should be attacked or disturbed by any other Power, and in whatever Manner it might be, in the Possession of His Dominions and Provinces, so that He should think it

G necessary

22

4° Novembris. A. 1795.

Treaties with necessary to require tlus Assistance of His Ally, her Russia, &r. Imperial Majesty of ah the Russia* shall send Him immediately Ten thousand Infantry and Two thousand Horse. If, on the other Hand, her Imperial Majesty of all the Russia*should find herself attached or disturbed by any other Power, and in whatever Manner it may be, in the Possession of her Dominions and Provinces, so that she should think it necessary to require the Assistance of her Ally, His Majesty shall send her forthwith a Squadron of Twelve Ships of War, and of the Line, carrying Seven hundred and Eight Guns, according to the following List:

Two Ships of Seventy-four Guns, making together One hundred and Forty-eight Guns, and the Crews Nine hundred and Sixty Men; Six Ships of Sixty Guns, and the Crews Two thousand Four hundred Men; Four Ships of Fifty Guns, making Two hundred Guns, and the Crews Twelve hundred Men: In the whole Twelve Ships, Seven hundred and Eight Guns, and the Crews Four thousand Five hundred and Sixty Men. This Squadron shall be properly equipped and armed for War. These Succours shall be respectively sent to the Places which shall be specified by the requiring Party, and shall remain at his free Disposal as long as Hostilities shall last.

Article V.

But, if the Nature of the Attack were such as that the Party attacked should not find it to his Interest to demand the effective Succours, such as they have been stipulated for in the preceding Article, m that Case the Two High Contracting Powers have resolved to change the said Succour into a pecuniary Subsidy; that is to say, if His Britannick Majesty should be attacked, and should prefer pecuniary Succours, her Imperial Majesty of all the after the Requi-

sition having been previously made, shall pay to him the Sum of Five hundred thousand Roubles Yearly during the whole Continuance of Hostilities, to assist Him to support the Expenses of the War: And if her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias should be attacked, and should prefer pecuniary Succours, His Britannick Majesty -shall furnish her with the same Sum Yearly, as long as Hostilities shall last.

Article VI.

If the Party required, after having furnished the Succour stipulated in the Fourth Article of this Treaty, should be himself attacked, so as to put him thereby under the Necessity of recalling his Troops for his own Safety, he shall be at Liberty to do so, after having Informed the requiring Party thereof Two Months beforehand; in like Manner, if the Party required were himself at War at the Time of the Requisition, so that he should be obliged to retain near himself, for his own proper Security and Defence, the Forces which he is bound to furnish to his Ally in virtue of this Treaty, in such Case the Party required shall be dispensed with from furnishing the said Succour, as long as the said Necessity shall last.

Article VII.

The Russian Auxiliary Troops shall be provided with Field ArtiHery, Ammunition, and every Thing of which they may stand in Need, in proportion to their Number; they shall be paid, and recruited Annually by the requiring Court. With regard to the ordinary Rations and Portions of Provisions and Forage, as well as Quarters, they shall be furnished to them by the requiring Court, the Whole on the Footing upon which his own Troops are or shall be maintained in the Field or in Quarters.

Article VIII.

In ease the said Russian Auxiliary Troops, required by His Britannick Majesty, should be obliged to march by Land, and to traverse the Dominions of any other Powers, His Britannick Majesty shall use his

Endeavours, jointly with her Imperial Majesty of ell the Russias, to obtain for them a free Passage, and shall supply them of their March with the necessary Provisions and Forage, in the Manner stipulated in the preceding Article: And when they shall have to cross the Sea, His Britannick Majesty shall take upon Himself either to transport them in Hie own Ships, or to defray the Expenses of their Passage. The same is also to be understood as well with Regard to the Recruits which her Imperial Majesty will be obliged to send to her Troops, as respecting their Return to Russia, whenever they shall either be sent back by His Britannick Majesty, or recalled by her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias for her own Defence, — According to Article Sixth of this Treaty, it is further agreed upon, that in case of recalling or sending hack the said Troops, an adequate Convoy of Ships of War shall escort them for their Security.

Article IX.

The Commanding Officer, whether of the Auxiliary Troops of her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, or of the Squadron which His Britannick Majesty is tQ furnish Russia with, shall keep the Command which has been intrusted to him, hut the Command in Chief shall belong most certainly to him whom the requiring Party shall appoint for that Purpose; under the Restriction, however, that nothing of Importance shall be undertaken that shall not have been beforehand regulated and determined upon in Council of War, in the Presence of the General and Commanding Officers of the Party required.

Article X.

And, in order to prevent all Disputes about Rank, the requiring Party shall give due Notice of the Officer to whom he shall give the Command in Chief, whether of a Fleet or of Land Forces, to the End that the Party required may regulate, in consequence, the Rank of him who shall have to command the Auxiliary Troops or Ships.

Article XL

Moreover, these- Auxiliary Forces shall have their own Chaplains, and the entirely free Exercise of their Religion, and shall not be judged, in whatever appertains to Military Service, otherwise than according to the Laws and Articles of War of their own Sovereign; it shall likewise be permitted for the General and the rest of the Auxiliary Forces to keep up a free Correspondence with their Country, as well by Letters as Expresses.

Article XII.

The Auxiliary Forces on both Sides shall be kept together as much as possible; and in order to avoid their being subjected to greater Fatigue than the others, and to the End that there may be in every Expedition and Operation a perfect Equality, the Commander in Chief shall be bound to observe, on every Occasion, a just Proportion, according to the Force of the whole Fleet or Army.

Article XIII.

The Squadron which His Britannick Majesty is to furnish by virtue of this Alliance, shall he admitted into all the Ports of her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, where it shall experience the most amicable Treatment, and shall be provided with every Thing which it may stand in Need of, on paying the same Price as the Ships of her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias', and the said Squadron shall be allowed to return every Year to the Ports of Great Britain, as soon as the Season will no longer permit it tQ keep the Sea; but it is formally, and from this Time forward stipulated, that this Squadron shaft return every Year to the Baltic Sea about the Beginning of the Mp.nth of May, not to quit it again before the Month of October, ami

« that

36 Geo. III. 4" JVovembris.

23

that w often as the Exigency of the Treaty shall require it

Article XIV.

The requiring Party, in claiming the Succours Stipulated by this Treaty, shall point out at the same Time to the required Party the Place where he shall wish that H may in the First Instance repair; and the Said requiring Party shall be at Liberty to make use of the said Succour during the whole Time it shall be continued to him, in such Manner, and at such Places as he shall judge to be most suitable for his Service against the Aggressor.

Article XV.

The Conditions of this Treaty of Alliance shall not be applicable to the Wars which may arise between her Imperial Majesty of all the and the Powers

and People of Asia, respecting whom His Britannick Majesty shall be dispensed with from furnishing the Succours stipulated by the present Treaty, excepting in the Case of an Attack made by any European Power against the Right and Possessions of her Imperial Majesty, in whatever Part of the World it may be: As also, on the other Hand, her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias shall not be bound to furnish the Succours stipulated by this same Treaty, in any Case whatever excepting that of an Attack made by any European Power against the Rights and Possessions of His Britannick Majesty, in whatever Part of the World it may be.

Article XVI.

It has been in like Manner agreed upon, that considering the great Distance of Places, the Troops which her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias will have to furnish by virtue of this Alliance for the Defence of His Britannick Majesty, shall not be sent to Spain, Portugal, or Italy, and still less out of Europe.

Article XVII.

If the Succours stipulated in the Fourth Article of this Treaty should not be sufficient, in that Case the Contracting Parties reserve to themselves, to make a further Provision between themselves, with respect to the additional Succours which they should give to each other,

fix the Duration of it to Eight Years, counting from Treaties the Day of exchanging the Ratifications, but before Russ,a» the Expiration of the Eighth Year, it shall be renewed according to existing Circumstances.

Article XXIII.

The present Treaty of Alliance shall be ratified, and the Ratifications exchanged here in the Space of Two Months, or sooner if it can be done. In Witness whereof, the above-mentioned Ministers Plenipotentiaries on both Sides have signed the present Treaty, and have thereunto affixed the Seal of their Arms.

Done at St. Petersburgh, this February

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

(L. S.) Charles Whitworth.

(L. S.) C" Jean d' Osterman.

(L. S.) Alexander C'e de Bezborodko.

(L. S.) Arcadi de Morcoff.

TRANSLATION of the Treaty of Defensive Alliance between His Britannick Majesty and the Emperor of Germany, signed at Vienna the 20th Day of May 1795.

His Majesty the Emperor, and His Majesty the King of Great Britain, being desirous to renew and to cement the ancient Relations of Friendship and Intimacy between their Crowns, and their respective Dominions, as well as to provide, in a solid and permanent Manner, for their future Safety, and for the general Tranquillity of Europe, have determined, in consequence of these salutary Views, to proceed to the Conclusion of a new Treaty of Alliance, and they have nominated for that Purpose; viz. His Majesty the Emperor his actual Privy Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs, Baron de Thugut, Commander of the Order of St. Stephen', and His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Sir Morton Eden, One of His Majesty's Privy Councillors, Knight of the Bath, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of His said Majesty at the Court of Vienna; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article XVIII.

The requiring Party shall make neither Peace nor Truce with the common Enemy, without including the required Party, to the End that the latter may not Wiffer any Injury in consequence of the Succours he should have given to his Ally.

Article XIX.

The present Defensive Alliance shall in no Way derogate from the Treaties and Alliances which the High Contracting Parties may have with other Powers, inasmuch as the said Treaties shall not be contrary to this, nor to the Friendship and good Understanding, which they are resolved constantly to keep up between them.

Article XX.

If any other Power would accede to this present Allianoe, their said Majesties have agreed to concert together upon the Admission of such Power.

Article XXI.

The Two High Contracting Parties, desiring mutually and with Eagerness to strengthen and to consolidate, as much as possible, the Friendship and Union already happily subsisting between them, and to protect and extend the Commerce between their respective Subjects, promise to proceed without Delay to the Formation of a Definitive Arrangement of Commerce.

Article XXII.

Article I.

There shall be between his Imperial Majesty and His Britannick Majesty, their Heirs and Successors, and between all the respective Dominions, Provinces, and Subjects of their said Majesties, a perfect and sincere good Understanding, Friendship, and Defensive Alliance; the High Contracting Parties shall use all their Endeavours for the Maintenance of their common Interests, and shall employ all the Means in their Power to defend and guaranty each other mutually against every hostile Aggression.

Article II.

The High Contracting Parties shall act in perfect Concert in every Thing which relates to the Reestablishment, and to the Maintenance of general Peace, and they shall employ all their Efforts to prevent, by the Means of Friendly Negociation, the Attacks with which they may be threatened, either separately or conjointly.

Article III.

In case either of the High Contracting Parties should be attacked, molested, or disturbed in the Possession of its Dominions, Territories, or Cities whatsoever, or in the Exercise of its Rights, Liberties, or Franchises wheresoever, and without any Exception, the other will exert all its Endeavours to succour its Ally without Delay, and in the Manner herein after mentioned.

Circumstances may render it necessary to make Article IV.

some Change in the Clauses of the present Treaty, Their Imperial and Britannick Majesties reciprocally the High Contracting Parties have thought proper to guaranty to each other, and in the most express Manner, Vojl.41. all

24

4° Novembris. A. 1795.

Treaties with all their Dominions, Territories, Cities, Rights, Liber-Kussia, &c. ties, and Franchises whatsoever, such as they at present possess, and such as they shall possess at the Conclusion of a General Peace, made by their common Agreement and Consent, in conformity to their mutual Engagements in that Respect in the Convention of the 30th of August 17£)3, and the Case of this Defensive Alliance shall exist from the Moment whenever either of the High Contracting Parties shall be disturbed, molested, or disquieted in the peaceable Enjoyment of its Dominions, Territories, Cities, Rights, Liberties, or Franchises whatsoever, according to the State of actual Possession, and according to the State of Possession which shall exist at the above-mentioned Epoch.

Article V.

The Succours to be mutually furnished in virtue of this Treaty, shall consist in Twenty thousand Infantry, and Six thousand Cavalry, which shall be furnished in the Space of Two Months after Requisition made by the Party attacked, and shall continue to be at its Disposition during the whole Course of the War in which it shall be engaged. These Succours shall be

>1 O o

paid and maintained by the Power required, wherever its Ally shall employ them, but the Power requiring, shall provide them with the necessary Bread and Forage, upon the same Footing with its own Troops.

If the Party requiring prefers, it may demand the Succours to be furnished in Money, and in that Case, the Succours shall be computed at the following Rate, that is to say, Ten thousand Dutch Florins per Month for every Thousand Infantry, and Thirty thousand Dutch Florins per Month for every Thousand Cavalry, and this Money shall be paid Monthly, in equal Portions, throughout the whole Year.

If the Succours should not suffice for the Defence of the Power requiring, the other Party shall augment them according as the Occasion shall require, and shall even succour its Ally with its whole Forces, if the Circumstances should render it necessary.

Article VI.

It is agreed, that in Consideration of the intimate Alliance established by this Treaty between the Two Crowns, neither the One nor the other of the High Contracting Parties shall permit the Vessels or Merchandize belonging to its Ally, or to the People or Subjects of its Ally, and which shall have been taken at Sea by any Ship of War or Privateers whatsoever belonging to Enemies or Rebels, to be brought into its Harbours, nor any Ship of War or Privateer to be therein armed, in any Case or under any Pretext whatsoever, in order to cruize against the Ships and Property of such Ally, or of his Subjects; nor that there be conveyed by its Subjects, or in their Ships, to the Enemies of its Ally, any Provisions or Military or Naval Stores. For these Ends as often as it shall be required by either of the Allies, the other shall be bound to . renew express Prohibitions, ordering all Persons to conform themselves to this Article, upon Pain of exemplary Punishment, in Addition to the full Restitution and Satisfaction to be made to the injured Parties.

equipped, wholly or partially in the Ports of either of the Allies, should be employed in taking Prizes, or in committing Hostilities against the Subjects of the other, such Vessel, in case of its returning into the said Ports, shall at the Requisition of the injured Parties be seized and confiscated for their Benefit; the High Contracting Parties do not intend that the Stipulations in these Two Articles should derogate from the Execution of anterior Treaties actually existing with other Powers, the High contracting Parties not being however at Liberty to form new Engagements hereafter to the Prejudice of the said Stipulations.

Article VIII.

Their Imperial and Britannick Majesties engage to ratify the present Treaty of Alliance, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in the Space of Six M eeks, or sooner if it can be done.

In M'itness whereof, we, the under-signed, being furnished with the full Powers of their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, have signed the present Treaty in their Names, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to affixed thereto.

Done at Vienna, the Twentieth day of May, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

(L. S.) Le Baron de Thugut. (L. S.) Morton Eden.

Separate Article.

In case the Establishment in general limited of the Land Forces of Great Britain should not permit His Britannick Majesty to furnish, within the Term specified, the Succour in Men, stipulated by the Fifth Article of the present Treaty of Alliance, and that consequently his Imperial Majesty should be obliged to supply that Succour by an equal number of other Troops to be taken into his Pay, the Confidence which the Emperor reposes in the Friendship and Equity of the King of Great Britain, leaves him no room to doubt but that His Britannick Majesty will readily grant him an Indemnification for the Difference which, according to a just Valuation at the Time, shall exist between the Expences of the taking into Pay and Subsistence of those Troops, and the Estimate in Dutch Florins, which in order to avoid every Delay of Discussion has been adopted in the above-mentioned Fifth Article, in conformity to the Estimate contained in ancient Treaties. This separate Article, making Part of the Treaty of Alliance signed this Day in the Name of their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, shall have the same Force and Validity as if it were inserted Word for Word in the said Treaty of Alliance.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed, being furnished with the full Powers of their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, have in their Names signed the present separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Vienna, the Twentieth of May, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

(L. S.) Le Baron de Thugut. (L. S.) Mortoti Eden.

Article VII.

If, notwithstanding the Prohibitions and Penalties above-mentioned, any Vessels of Enemies or Rebels should bring into the Ports of either of the High Contracting Parties any Prizes taken from the other, or from its Subjects, the former shall oblige them to quit its Ports in the Space of Twenty-four Hours after their Arrival, upon Pain of Seizure and Confiscation, and the Crews, and Passengers or other Prisoners, Subjects of its Ally, who shall have been brought into the said Ports, shall immediately after their Arrival be restored to their full Liberty, with their Ship and Merchandize, without any Delay or Exception; and if any Vessel whatsoever, after having been armed or

Separate Article.

Their Imperial and Britannick Majesties shall concert together, upon the Invitation to be given to her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, in order to form, by the Union of the Three Courts, in consequence of the intimate Connections which exist already between them, a System of Triple Alliance, proper for the Reestablishment and Maintenance in future of Peace and general Tranquillity in Europe.

This Article shall have the same Force as if it were inserted in the present Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed, being furnished with the full Powers of their Imperial and Britannick Majesties, have in their Names signed the

present

36 Geo. III. 4° Nov em hr is. 25

present separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Vienna, the Twentieth of May, in the Ypar »One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

(L. S.) Le Baron de Thugut. (L. S.) Morton Eden.

COPY of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between His Majesty and the United States of America, signed at London, the 19th Day of November 1794.

George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the

Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, Arch Treasurer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, &c. &c. &c. to all and singular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor, William Wyndham, Baron Grenville of Wotton, Our Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, &c. &c. &c. did on Our Part, together with the Plenipotentiary of Our good Friends the United States of America, conclude and sign at London, on the 19th Day of November 1794, a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between Us and Our said good Friends: And whereas a certain additional Article has, on the Part of the said United States, been proposed to be annexed to the said Treaty as a Part thereof, to which addition We are willing to consent; the said Treaty and additional Article being in the Words following:

TREATY.

His Britannick Majesty and the United States of America, being desirous, by a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, to terminate their Differences in such a Manner as without Reference to the Merits of their respective Complaints and Pretensions may be the best calculated to produce mutual Satisfaction and good Understanding, and also to regulate the Commerce and Navigation between their respective Countries, Territories, and People, in such a Manner as to render the same reciprocal, beneficial, and satisfactory, they have respectively named their Plenipotentiaries, and given them full Powers to treat of and conclude the said Treaty; that is to say, His Britannick Majesty has named for his Plenipotentiary, the Right honourable William Wyndham, Baron Grenville of Wotton, One of His Majesty's Privy Council, and His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and the President of the said United States, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate thereof, hath appointed for their Plenipotentiary the Honourable John Jay, Chief Justice of the said United States, and their Envoy Extraordinary to His Majesty, who hath agreed on and concluded the following Articles:

Article I.

There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal Peace, and a true and sincere Friendship between His Britannick Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the United States of America, and between their respective Countries, Territories, Cities, Towns, and People, of every Degree, w ithout Exception of Persons or Places.

Article II.

His Majesty will withdraw all His Troops and Garrisons from all Posts and Places within the Boundary Lines assigned by the Treaty of Peace to the United States: This Evacuation shall take place on or before the 1st Day of June 1796, and all the proper Measures shall in the Interval be taken, by Concert between the Government of the United States and His Majesty's Governor General in America, for settling the previous Arrangements which may be necessary respecting the Delivery of the said Posts. The United Vol. 51.

States in the mean Time, at their Discretion, extend- Treatu* witii

ing their Settlements to any Part within the said Boun- ®USMa» &c-

dary Line, except within the Precincts or Jurisdiction

of any of the said Posts. All Settlers and Traders

within the Precincts or Jurisdiction of the said Posts

shall continue to enjoy unmolested all their Property

of every Kind, and shall be protected therein. They

shall be at full Liberty to remain there, or to remove,

with all or any Part of their Effects, and it shall also

be free to them to sell their Lands, Houses, or Effects,

or to retain the Property thereof at their Discretion:

Such of them as shall continue to reside within the said Boundary Lines shall not be compelled to become Citizens of the United States, or to take any Oath of Allegiance to the Government thereof, but they shall be at full Liberty so to do if they think proper; and they shall make and declare their Election within One Year after the Evacuation aforesaid; and all Persons who shall continue there, after the Expiration of the said Year, without having declared their Intention of remaining Subjects of His Britannick Majesty, shall be considered as having elected to become Citizens of the United States.

Article III.

It is agreed, that it shall at all Times be free to His Majesty's Subjects and to the Citizens of the United States, and also to the Indians, dwelling on either Side of the said Boundary Line, freely to pass or re-pass by Land or Inland Navigation into the respective Territories and Countries of the Two Parties on the Continent of America (the Country within the Limits of the Hudsons Bay Company only excepted) and to navigate all the Lakes, Rivers, and Waters thereof, and freely to carry on Trade and Commerce with each other. But it is understood, that this Article does not extend to the Admission of Vessels of the United States into the Sea Ports, Harbours, Bays, or Creeks of His Majesty's said Territories, nor into such Parts of the Rivers in His Majesty's said Territories as are between the Mouth thereof and the highest Port of Entry from the Sea, except in small Vessels trading bona Jide between Mon and Quebec, under such Regulations as shall be established to prevent the Possibility of any Frauds in this Respect; nor to the Admission of British Vessels from the Sea into the Rivers of the United States beyond the highest Ports of Entry for Foreign Vessels from the Sea. The River Mississipi shall, however, according to the Treaty of Peace, be entirely open to both Parties. And it is farther agreed, that all the Ports and Places on its Eastern Side, to whichsoever of the Parties belonging, may freely be resorted to and used by both Parties, in as ample a Manner as any of the Atlantic Ports or Places of the United States, or any of the Ports or Places of His Majesty in Great Britain. All Goods and Merchandize, whose Importation into His Majesty's said Territories in America shall not be entirely prohibited, may freely, for the Purposes of Commerce, be carried into the same, in the Manner aforesaid, by the Citizens of the United States; and such Goods and Merchandize shall be subject to no higher or other Duties than would be payable by His Majesty's Subjects on the Importation of the same from Europe into the said Territories; and in like Manner all Goods and Merchandize, whose Importation into the United States shall not be wholly prohibited, may freely, for the Purpose of Commerce, be carried into the same in the Manner aforesaid by His Majesty's Subjects; and such Goods and Merchandize shall be subject to no higher or other Duties than would be payable by the Citizens of the United States, on the Importation of the same in American Vessels into the Atlantic Ports of the said States. And all Goods not prohibited to be exported from the said Territories respectively may, in like Manner, be carried out of the

11 same

£6 4 ° Nov embris/I. 1795.

with same by the Two Parties respectively, paying Duty as &c- aforesaid. No Duty of Entry shall ever be levied by either Party on Peltries brought by Land or Inland Navigation into the said Territories respectively, nor shall the Indians passing or re-passing with their own proper Goods and Effects, of whatever Nature, pay for the same any Impost or Duty whatever; but Goods in Gales, or other large Packages, unusual among Indians, shall not be considered as Goods belonging bona fide to Indians.

No higher or other Tolls or Rates of Ferriage than what are or shall be payable by Natives shall be demanded on either Side; and no Duties shall be payable on any Goods which shall merely be carried over any of the Portages or Carrying Places on either Side, for the Purpose of being immediately re-embarked and carried to some other Place or Places. But as by this Stipulation it is only meant to secure to each Party a free Passage across the Portages on both Sides, it is agreed that this Exemption from Duty shall extend only to such Goods as are carried in the usual and direct Road across the Portage, and are not attempted to be in any Manner sold or exchanged during their Passage across the same; and proper Regulations may be established to prevent the Possibility of any Frauds in this Respect.

As this Article is intended to render, in a great Degree, the local Advantages of each Party common to both, and thereby to promote a Disposition favourable to Friendship and good Neighbourhood, it is agreed that the respective Governments will mutually promote this amicable Intercourse, by causing speedy and impartial Justice to be done, and necessary Protection to be extended to all who may be concerned therein.

Article IV.

Whereas it is uncertain whether the River extends so far to the Northward as to be intersected by a Line to be drawn due West, from the Lafcc of the Woods, in the Manner mentioned in the Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the United States; it is agreed, that Measures shall be taken, in Concert with His Majesty's Government in,

and the Government of the United States, for making a joint Survey of the said River from One Degree of Latitude below the Falls of St. Anthony, to the principal Source or Sources of the said River, and also of the Parts adjacent thereto; and that if on the Result of such Survey, it should appear that the said River would not be intersected by such a Line as is above-mentioned, the Two Parties will thereupon proceed, by amicable Negotiation, to regulate the Boundary Line in that Quarter, as well as all other Points to be adjusted between the said Parties, according to Justice and mutual Convenience, and in conformity to the Intent of the said Treaty.

Article V.

Whereas Doubts have arisen what River was truly intended under the Name of the River St. Croix, ' mentioned in the said Treaty of Peace, and forming a Part of the Boundary therein described; that Question shall be referred to the final Decision of Commissioners to be appointed in the following Manner; viz. One Commissioner shall be named by His Majesty, and One by the President of the United States, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate thereof; and the said Two Commissioners shall agree on th& Choice of a Third; or, if they cannot so agree, they shall each propose One Person, and of the Two Names so proposed, One shall be drawn by Lot in the Presence of the Two original Commissioners. And the Three Commissioners so appointed, shall be sworn impartially to examine and decide the said Question, according to such Evidence as shall respectively be laid before them on the Part of the

British Government, and of the United States. The said Commissioners shall meet at , and shall have power to adjourn to such other Place or Places as they shall think fit; they shall have Power to appoint a Secretary, and to employ such Surveyors or other Persons as they shall judge necessary. The said Commissioners shall, by a Declaration under their Hands and Seals, decide what River is the River St. Croix, intended by the Treaty. The said Declaration shall contain a Description of the said River, and shall particularize the Latitude and Longitude of its Mouth and of its Source. Duplicates of this Declaration, and of the Statements of their Accounts, and of the Journal of their Proceedings, shall be delivered by them to the Agent of His Majesty, and to the Agent of the United States, who may be respectively appointed and authorized to manage the Business on Behalf of the respective Governments. And both Parties agree to consider such Decision as final and conclusive, so as that the same shall never thereafter be called into Question, or made the Subject of Dispute or Difference between them.

Article VI.

Whereas it is alledged by divers British Merchants, and others. His Majesty's Subjects, that Debts to a considerable Amount, which were bona fide contracted before the Peace, still remain owing to them by Citizens or Inhabitants of the United States; and that by the Operation of various lawful Impediments since the Peace, not only the full Recovery of the said Debts has been delayed, but also the Value and Security thereof have been, in several Instances, impaired and lessened; so that by the ordinary Course of judicial Proceedings, the British Creditors cannot now obtain, and actually have and receive full and adequate Compensation for the Losses and Damages which they have thereby sustained; it is agreed, that in all such Cases where full Compensation for such Losses and Damages cannot, for whatever Reason, be actually obtained, had, and received by the said Creditors in the ordinary Course of Justice, the United States will make full and complete Compensation for the same to the said Creditors: But it is distinctly understood, that this Provision is to extend to such Losses only as have been occasioned by the lawful Impediments aforesaid, and is not to extend to Losses occasioned by such Insolvency of the Debtors, or other Causes as would equally have operated to produce such Loss, if the said Impediments had not existed nor to such Losses or Damages as have been occasioned by the manifest Delay or Negligence, or wilful Omission of the Claimant.

For the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of any such Losses and Damages, Five Commissioners shall be appointed, and authorized to meet and act in Manner following; viz.

Two of them shall be appointed by His Majesty, Two of them by the President of the United States, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate thereof, and the Fifth by the unanimous Voice of the other Four: And if they should not agree in such Choice, then the Commissioners named by the Two Parties shall respectively propose One Person, and of the Two Names so proposed One shall be drawn by Lot in the Presence of the Four original Commissioners. When the Five Commissioners thus appointed shall first meet, they shall, before they proceed to act, respectively take the following Oath or Affirmation in the Presence of each other; which Oath or Affirmation being so taken, and duly attested, shall be entered on the Record of their Proceedings; viz.

" I A. B. One of the Commissioners appointed in " pursuance of the Sixth Article of the Treaty " of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Britannick Majesty and the United

" States

36 Geo. III. 4° Novembris. 27

" States of America, do solemnly swear, or " affirm, that I will honestly, diligently, impartially, and carefully examine, and to the " best of my Judgment, according to Justice " and Equity, decide all such Complaints as " under the said Article shall be preferred to " the said Commissioners; and that I will forbear to act as a Commissioner in any Case in " which I may be personally interested."

Three of the said Commissioners shall constitute a Board, and shall have Power to do any Thing appertaining to the said Commission, provided that One of the Commissioners named on each Side, and the Fifth Commissioner shall be present; and all Decisions shall be made by the Majority of the Voices of the Commissioners then present: Eighteen Months from the Day on which the said Commissioners shall form a Board, and be ready to proceed to Business, are assigned for receiving Complaints and Applications, but they are nevertheless authorized, in any particular Cases, in which it shall appear to them to be reasonable and just, to extend the said Term of Eighteen Months, for any Term not exceeding Six Months after the Expiration thereof. The said Commissioners shall first meet at Philadelphia, but they shall have Power to adjourn from Place to Place as they shall see Cause. The said Commissioners in examining the Complaints and Applications so preferred to them, are empowered and required, in pursuance of the true Intent and Meaning of this Article, to take into their Consideration all Claims, whether of Principal or Interest, or Balances of Principal and Interest, and to determine the same respectively, according to the Merits of the several Cases, due Regard being had to all the Circumstances thereof, and as Equity and Justice shall appear to them to require. And the said Commissioners shall have Power to examine all such Persons as shall come before them, on Oath or Affirmation, touching the Premises: And also to receive in Evidence, according as they may think most consistent with Equity and Justice, all written Depositions, or Books or Papers, or Copies or Extracts thereof; every such Deposition, Book, or Paper, or Copy or Extract, being duly authenticated either according to the legal Forms now respectively existing in the Two Countries, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall see Cause to require or allow. The Award of the said Commissioners, or of any Three of them as aforesaid, shall in all Cases be final and conclusive, both as to the Justice of the Claim, and to the Amount of the Sum to be paid to the Creditor or Claimant: And the United States undertake to cause the Sum so awarded to be paid in Specie to such Creditor or Claimant without Deduction, and at such Time or Times, and at such Place or Places as shall be awarded by the said Commissioners, and on Condition of such Releases or Assignments, to be given by the Creditor or Claimant, as by the said Commissioners may be directed: Provided always, that no such Payment shall be fixed by the said Commissioners to take place sooner than Twelve Months from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty,

Article VII.

Whereas Complaints have been made by divers Merchants and others, Citizens of the United States, that during the Course of the War in which His Majesty is now engaged, they have sustained considerable Losses and Damages by reason of irregular or illegal Captures or Condemnations of their Vessels and other Property, under Colour of Authority or Commissions from His Majesty, and that from various Circumstances belonging to the said Cases, adequate Compensation for the Losses and Damages so sustained cannot now be actually obtained, had, and received by the ordinary Course of Judicial Proceedings; it is Vol. 51.

agreed, that in all such Cases where adequate Compen- Treaties sation cannot, for whatever Reason, be now actually Russia> obtained, had, and received by the said Merchants and others, in the ordinary Course of Justice, full and complete Compensation for the same will be made by the British Government to the said Complainants; but it is distinctly understood, that this Provision is not to extend to such Losses or Damages as have been occasioned by the manifest Delay or Negligence, or wilful Omission of the Claimants.

That, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of any such Losses and Damages, Five Commissioners shall be appointed and authorized to act in London, exactly in the Manner directed with respect to those mentioned in the preceding Article; and after having taken the same Oath or Affirmation ( mutandis) the same Term of Eighteen Months is also assigned for the Reception of Claims, and they are in like Manner authorized to extend the same in particular Cases; they shall receive Testimony, Books,

Papers, and Evidence in the same Latitude, and exercise the like Discretion and Powers respecting that Subject; and shall decide the Claims in Question, according to the Merits of the several Cases, and to Justice, Equity, and the Laws of Nations. — The Award of the Commissioners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, shall in all Cases be final and conclusive, both as to the Justice of the Claim, and to the Amount of the Sum to be paid to the Claimant; and His Britanick Majesty undertakes to cause the 6ame to be paid to such Claimant in Specie, without any Deduction, at such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times as shall be awarded by the said Commissioners, and on Condition of such Releases or Assignments, to be given by the Claimants, as by the said Commissioners may be directed.*

And whereas certain Merchants and others, His Majesty's Subjects, complain, that in the Course of the War, they have sustained Loss and Damage by reason of the Capture of Vessels and Merchandize' taken within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the States, and brought into the Ports of the same, or taken by Vessels originally armed in Ports of the said States; it is agreed, that in all such Cases, where Restitution shall not have been made agreeably to the Tenor of the Letter from Mr. Jefferson to Mr. Hammond, dated at Philadelphia, September 5th 1793, a Copy of which is annexed to this Treaty, the Complaints of the Parties shall be, and hereby are referred to the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Article, who are hereby authorized and required to proceed in the like Manner relative to these, as to the other Cases committed to them; and the United States undertake to pay to the Complainants or Claimants in Specie, without Deduction, the Amount of such Sums as shall be awarded to them respectively by the said Commissioners, and at the Times and Places which in such Awards shall be specified, and on Condition of such Releases or Assignments, to be given by the Claimants, as in the said Awards may be directed. — And it is further agreed, that not only the now existing Cases of both Descriptions, hut also all such as shall exist at the Time of exchanging the Ratifications of this Treaty, shall be considered within the Provisions,

Intent, and Meaning of this Article.

Article VIII.

It is further agreed, that the Commissioners mentioned in the Two preceding Articles, shall be respectively paid in such a Manner as shall be agreed between the Two Parties, such Agreement being to be settled at the Time of the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty. And all other Expences attending the said Commissions, shall be defrayed jointly by the Two Parties, the same being previously ascertained and allowed by the Majority of the Commissioners;

28 4° NovembrisA. 1795.

sioners; and in the Case of Death, Sickness, or necessary Absence, the Place of every such Commissioner respectively shall be supplied in the same Manner as such Commissioner was appointed, and the new Commissioner shall take the same Oath or Affirmation, and do the same Duties.

Article IX.

It is agreed, that British Subjects who now hold Lands in the Territories of the United States, and American Citizens who now hold Lands in the Dominions of His Majesty, shall continue to hold them according to the Nature and Tenure of their respective States and Titles therein, and may grant, sell, or devise the same to whom they please, in like Manner as if they were Natives; and that neither they, nor their Heirs or Assigns, shall, so far as may respect the said Lands, and the legal Remedies incident thereto, be regarded as Aliens.

Article X.

Neither the Debts due from Individuals of the one Nation to Individuals of the other, nor Shares, nor Monies which they may have in the Public Funds, or in the Public or Private Banks, shall ever, in any Event of War or National Differences, be sequestered or confiscated, it being unjust and impolitic that Debts and Engagements contracted and made by Individuals having Confidence in each other, and in their respective Governments, should ever be destroyed or impaired by National Authority, on Account of National Differences and Discontents.

Article XI.

It is agreed between His Majesty and the United States of America, that there shall be a reciprocal and entirely perfect Liberty of Navigation and Commerce between their respective People, in the Manner, under the Limitations, and on the Conditions specified in the following Articles:

Article XII.

His Majesty consents, that it shall and may be lawful, during the Time herein after limited, for the Citizens of the United States to carry to any of His Majesty's Islands and Ports in the West Indies from the United States, in their own Vessels, not being above the Burthen of Seventy Tons, any Goods or Merchandizes, being of the Growth, Manufacture, or Produce of the said States, which it is or may be lawful to carry to the said Islands or Ports from the said States in British Vessels; and that the said American Vessels shall be subject there to no other or higher Tonnage Duties or Charges, than shall be payable by British Vessels in the Ports of the United States; and that the Cargoes of the said American Vessels shall be subject there to no other or higher Duties or Charges, than shall be payable on the like Articles, if imported there from the said States in Vessels.

And His Majesty also consents, that it shall be lawful for the said American Citizens to purchase, load, and carry away in their said Vessels, to the United States, from the said Islands and Ports, all such Articles, being of the Growth, Manufacture,' or Produce of the said Islands, as may now by Law be carried from thence to the said States in British Vessels, and subject only to the same Duties and Charges on Exportation, to which British Vessels and their Cargoes are or shall be subject in similar Circumstances: Provided always, that the said American Vessels do carry and land their Cargoes in the United States only, it being expressly agreed and declared, that during the Continuance of this Article, the United States will prohibit and restrain the carrying any Molasses, Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa, or Cotton, in Vessels, either

from His Majesty's Islands, or from the United States, to any Part of the World except the United States, reasonable Sea Stores excepted: Provided also, that it shall and nmy be lawful, during the same Period,

for British Vessels to import from the said Islands into the United States, and to export from the United States to the said Islands, all Articles whatever, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Islands, or of the United States respectively, which now may, by the Laws of the said States, be so imported and exported; and that the Cargoes of the said British Vessels shall be subject to no other or higher Duties or Charges than shall be payable on the same Articles, if so imported or exported in American Vessels.

It is agreed that this Article, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall continue to be in Force during the Continuance of the M ar in which His Majesty is now engaged, and also for Two Years from and after the Day of the Signature of the Preliminary or other Articles of the Peace by which the same may be terminated; and it is further agreed, that at the Expiration of the said Term, the Two Contracting Parties w ill endeavour further to regulate their Commerce in this Respect, according to the Situation in which 11 is Majesty may then find himself with respect to the /l est Indies, and with a View to such Arrangements as may best conduce to the mutual Advantage and Extension of Commerce.

And the said Parties will then also renew their Discussions, and endeavour to agree, w hether in any or w hat Cases Neutral Vessels shall protect Enemies Property, and in what Cases Provisions and other Articles, not generally contraband, may become such; but in the mean Time, their Conduct towards each other in these Respects, shall be regulated by the Articles herein after inserted on those Subjects.

Article XIII.

His Majesty consents that the Vessels belonging to the Citizens of the United States of America shall be admitted and hospitably received in all the Sea Ports and Harbours of the British Territories in the Indies, anil that the Citizens of the said United States may freely carry on a Trade between the said Territories and the said United States, in all Articles of which the Importation or Exportation respectively to or from the said Territories shall not be entirely prohibited: Provided only, that it shall not be lawful for them in any Time of War between the British Government and any other Power or State whatever, to export from the said Territories, without the special Permission of the British Government there, any Military Stores, or Naval Stores, or Rice. The Citizens of the United States shall pay for their Vessels, when admitted into the said Ports, no other or higher Tonnage Duty than shall be payable on British Vessels when admitted into the Ports of the United States; and they shall pay no other or higher Duties or Charges on the Importation or Exportation of the Cargoes of the said Vessels, than shall be payable on the same Articles when imported or exported in British Vessels. But it is expressly agreed, that the Vessels of the United States shall not carry any of the Articles exported by them from the said British Territories to any Port or Place, except to some Port or Place in America, where the same shall be unladen, and such Regulations shall be adopted by both Parties, as shall from Time to Time be found necessary to enforce the due and faithful Observance of this Stipulation. It is also understood, that the Permission

franted by this Article is not to extend to allow the ressels of the United States to carry on any Part of the Coasting Trade of the said British Territories; but Vessels going with their original Cargoes, or Part thereof, from one Port of Discharge to another, are not to be considered as carrying on the Coasting Trade. Neither is this Article to be construed to allow the Citizens of the said States to settle or reside within the said Territories, or to go into the interior Parts thereof, without the Permission

of

36 Geo. III. 4° J\ovembris.

of the British Government established there; and if Trade, to reside in the Dominions and Territories afore- Treaties win, iany Transgression should be attempted against the said; and the said Consuls shall enjoy those Liberties RusWa'&c-Regulations of the British Government in this Respect, and Rights which belong to them by reason of their the Observance of the same shall and may be enforced Function: But before any Consul shall act as such, he against the Citizens of America, in the same Manner shall be in the usual Forms approved and admitted by as against British Subjects or others transgressing the the Party to whom he is sent. And it is hereby desame Rule. And the Citizens of the United States, dared to be lawful and proper, that in case of illegal whenever they arrive in any Port or Harbour in the or improper Conduct towards the Laws or Government, said Territories, or if they should be permitted, in a Consul may either be punished according to Law, if Manner aforesaid, to go to any other Place therein, the Laws will reach the Case, or be dismissed, or even shall always be subject to the Laws, Government, and sent back; the offended Government assigning to the Jurisdiction of what Nature established in such Harbour, other their Reasons for the same.

Port or Place, according as the same may be. The Esther of the Parties may except from the Residence Citizens of the United States may also touch for Re- of Consuls, such particular Places as such Party shall freshment at the Island of St.Helena, but subject in all judge proper to be so excepted.

Respects to such Regulations as the British Government may from Time to Time establish there. Article XVII.

Article XIV.

There shall be between all the Dominions of His Majesty in Europe and the Territories of the United States, a reciprocal and perfect Liberty of Commerce and Navigation; the People and Inhabitants of the Two Countries respectively shall have Liberty freely and securely, and without Hindrance and Molestation, to come with their Ships and Cargoes to the Lands, Countries, Cities, Ports, Places, and Rivers, within the Dominions and Territories aforesaid, to enter into the same, to resort there, and to remain and reside there, without any Limitation of Time; and also to hire and possess Houses and Warehouses for the Purposes of their Commerce, and generally, the Merchants and Traders on each Side shall enjoy the most complete Protection and Security for their Commerce, but subject always, as to what respects this Article, to the Laws and Statutes of the Two Countries respectively.

Article XV.

It is agreed, that no other or higher Duties shall be paid by the Ships or Merchandize of the one Party in the Ports of the other, than such as are paid by the like Vessels or Merchandize of all other Nations. Nor shall any other or higher Duty be imposed in one Country on the Importation of any Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the other, than are or shall be payable on the Importation of the like Articles, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any other Foreign Country: Nor shall any Prohibition be imposed on the Exportation or Importation of any Articles to or from the Territories of the Two Parties respectively, which shall not equally extend to all other Nations. But the British Government reserves to itself the Right of imposing on American Vessels, entering into British Ports in Europe, a Tonnage Duty equal to that which shall be payable by British Vessels in the Ports of America; and also such Duty as may be adequate to countervail the Difference of Duty now payable on the Importation of European and Asiatic Goods when imported into the United States in British or American Vessels.

The Two Parties agree to treat for the more exact Equalization of the Duties on the respective Navigation of their Subjects and People, in such Manner as may be most beneficial to the Two Countries; the Arrangements for this Purpose shall be made at the same Time with those mentioned at the Conclusion of the Twelfth Article of this Treaty, and are to be considered as a Part thereof. In the Interval, it is agreed, that the United States will not impose any new or additional Tonnage Duties on British Vessels, nor increase the now subsisting Difference between the Duties payable on the Importation of any Articles in British or in American Vessels.

Article XVI.

It shall be free for the Two Contracting Parties respectively to appoint Consuls for the Protection of

Vol. 51.

It is agreed, that in all Cases where Vessels shall be captured or detained, on just Suspicion of having on board Enemy's Property, or of carrying to the Enemy any of the Articles which are contraband of War, the said Vessel shall be brought to the nearest or most convenient Port; and if any Property of an Enemy should be found on Board such Vessel, that Part only which belongs to the Enemy shall be made Prize, and the Vessel shall be at Liberty to proceed with the Remainder without any Impediment; and it is agreed, that all proper Measures shall be taken to prevent Delay, in deciding the Cases of Ships or Cargoes so brought in for Adjudication, and in the Payment or Recovery of any Indemnification adjudged or agreed to be paid to the Masters or Owners of such Ships.

Article XVIII.

In order to regulate what is in future to be deemed contraband of War, it is agreed, that under the said Denomination shall be comprized all Arms and Implements serving for the Purposes of War, by Land or by Sea; such as Cannon, Muskets, Mortars, Petards, Bombs, Granadoes, Carcasses, Saucisses, Carriages for Cannon, Muskets-rests, Bandoliers, Gunpowder, Match, Saltpetre, Ball, Pikes, Swords, Head-pieces, Cuirasses, Halberts, Lances, Javelins, Horse Furniture, Holsters, Belts, and generally all other Implements of War; as also Timber for Ship building; Tar or Rosin, Copper in Sheets, Sails, Hemp, and Cordage, and generally whatever may serve directly to the Equipment of Vessels, unwrought Iron and Fir Planks only excepted; and all the above Articles are hereby declared to be just Objects of Confiscation, whenever they are attempted to be carried to an Enemy.

And whereas the Difficulty of agreeing on the precise Cases in which alone Provisions and other Articles, not generally contraband, may be regarded as such, renders it expedient to provide against the Inconveniences and Misunderstandings which might thence arise; it is further agreed, that whenever any such Articles so becoming contraband, according to the existing Laws of Nations, shall for that Reason be seized, the same shall not be confiscated, but the Owners thereof shall be speedily and completely indemnified; and the Captors, or in their Default, the Government under whose Authority they act, shall pay to the Masters or Owners of such Vessel the full Value of all Articles, with a reasonable Mercantile Profit thereon, together with the Freight, and also the Demurrage incident to such Detention. And whereas it frequently happens, that Vessels sail for a Port or Place belonging to an Enemy, without knowing that the same is either besieged, blockaded, or invested, it is agreed, that every Vessel so circumstanced may be turned away from such Port or Place, but she shall not be detained, nor her Cargo, if not contraband, be confiscated, unless, after Notice, she shall again attempt to enter, but she shall be permitted to go to any other Port or Place she may think proper; nor

' I shall

30

4° Novembris.

A. 1795.

Treaties with shall any Vessel or Goods of either Party, that may Russia, &c. have entered into such Port or Place before the same was besieged, blockaded, or invested by the other, and be found therein after the Reduction or Surrender of such Place, be liable to Confiscation, but shall be restored to the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

Article XIX.

And that more abundant Care be taken for the Security of the respective Subjects and Citizens of the Contracting Parties, and to prevent their suffering Injuries by the Men of War or Privateers of either Party, all Commanders of Ships of War and Privateers, and all others the said Subjects and Citizens, shall forbear to do any Damage to those of the other Party, or committing any Outrage against them; and if they act to the contrary, they shall be punished, and shall also be bound in their Persons and Estates to make Satisfaction and Reparation for all Damages, and the Interest thereof, of whatever Nature the said Damages may be.

For this Cause all Commanders of Privateers, before they receive their Commissions, shall hereafter be obliged to give, before a competent Judge, sufficient Security, by at least Two responsible Sureties, who have no Interest in the said Privateer, each of whom, together with the said Commander, shall be jointly and severally bound in the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds Sterling; and if such Ship be provided with above One hundred and Fifty Seamen or Soldiers, in the Sum of Three thousand Pounds Sterling, to satisfy all Damages and Injuries which the said Privateer, or Officers or Men, or any of them, may do or commit during their Cruize, contrary to the Tenor of this Treaty, or to the Laws and Instructions for regulating their Conduct; and further, that in all Cases of Aggressions the said Commissions shall be revoked and annulled.

It is also agreed, that whenever a Judge of a Court of Admiralty of either of the Parties, shall pronounce Sentence against any Vessel, or Goods or Property belonging to the Subjects or Citizens of the other Party, a formal and duly authenticated Copy of all the Proceedings in the Cause, and of the said Sentence, shall, if required, be delivered to the Commander of the said Vessel, without the smallest Delay, he paying all legal Fees and Demands for the same.

Article XX.

It is further agreed, that both the said Contracting Parties shall not only refuse to receive any Pirates into any of their Ports, Havens, or Towns, or permit any of their Inhabitants to receive, protect, harbour, conceal, or assist them in any Manner, but will bring to condign Punishment all such Inhabitants as shall be guilty of such Acts or Offences.

And all their Ships, with the Goods or Merchandizes taken by them, and brought into the Port of either of the said Parties, shall be seized, as far as they can be discovered, and shall be restored to the Owners, or the Factors or Agents duly deputed and authorized in Writing by them (proper Evidence being shewn in the Court of Admiralty for proving the Property) even in case such Effects should have passed into other Hands by Sale, if it be proved that the Buyers knew, or had good Reason to believe or suspect that they had been piratically taken.

Article XXI.

It is likewise agreed that the Subjects and Citizens of the Two Nations shall not do any Acts of Hostility or Violence against each other, nor accept Commissions or Instructions so to act from any Foreign Prince or State, Enemies to either Party; nor shall the Enemies of one of the Parties be permitted to invite, or endeavour to enlist in the Military Service any of the

Subjects or Citizens of the other Party; and the Laws against all such Offences shall be punctually executed. And if any Subject or Citizen of the said Parties respectively, shall accept any Foreign Commission or Letters of Marque, for arming any Vessel to act as a Privateer against the other Party, and be taken by the other Party, it is hereby declared to be lawful for the said Party to treat and punish the said Subject or Citizen, having such Commission or Letters of Marque, as a Pirate.

Article XXII.

It is expressly stipulated, that neither of the said Contracting Parties will order or authorize any Acts of Reprizal against the other, on Complaints of Injuries or Damages, until the said Party shall first have presented to the other a Statement thereof, verified by competent Proof and Evidence, and demanding Justice and Satisfaction, and the same shall either have been refused or unreasonably delayed.

Article XXIII.

The Ships of War of each of the Contracting Parties shall, at all Times, be hospitably received in the Ports of the other, their Officers and Crews paying due Respect to the Laws and Government of the Country. — The Officers shall be treated with that Respect which is due to the Commissions which they bear; and if any Insult should be offered to them by any of the Inhabitants, all Offenders in this Respect shall be punished as Disturbers of the Peace and Amity between the Two Countries. And His Majesty consents, that in case an American Vessel should by Stress of Weather, Danger from Enemies, or other Misfortunes, be reduced to the Necessity of seeking Shelter in any of His Majesty's Ports into which such Vessel could not in ordinary Cases claim to be admitted, she shall, on manifesting that Necessity to the Satisfaction of the Government of the Place, be hospitably received, and permitted to refit, and to purchase, at the Market Price, such Necessaries as she may stand in Need of, conformably to such Orders and Regulations as the Government of the Place, having Respect to Circumstances of each Case, shall prescribe; she shall not be allowed to break Bulk, or unload her Cargo, unless the same shall be bonaf.de necessary to her being refitted; nor shall she be permitted to sell any Part of her Cargo, unless so much only as may be necessary to defray her Expences, and then not without the express Permission of the Government of the Place; nor shall she be obliged to pay any Duties whatever, except only on such Articles as she may be permitted to sell for the Purpose aforesaid.

Article XXIV.

It shall not be lawful for any Foreign Privateers (not being Subjects or Citizens of either of the said Parties) who have Commissions from any other Prince or State in Enmity with either Nation, to arm their Ships in the Ports of either of the said Parties, nor sell what they have taken, nor in any other Manner to exchange the same, nor shall they be allowed to purchase more Provisions than shall be necessary for their going to the nearest Port of that Prince or State from whom they obtained their Commissions.

Article XXV.

It shall be lawful for the Ships of War and Privateers belonging to the Said Parties respectively, to carry whithersoever they please the Ships and Goods taken from their Enemies, without being obliged to pay any Fee to the Offices of the Admiralty, or to any Judges whatever; nor shall the said Prizes, when they arrive at, and enter the Ports of the said Parties, be detained or seized, neither shall the Searchers or other Officers of those Places visit such Prizes (except for the Purpose of preventing the carrying of any Part of the Cargo thereof on Shore, in any Manner contrary

' to

31

36 Geo. III. 4°

to the established Laws of Revenue, Navigation, or Commerce); nor shall such Officers take Cognizance of the Validity of such Prizes, but they shall be at Liberty to hoist Sail, and depart as speedily as may be, and carry their said Prizes to the Places mentioned in their Commissions or Patents; which the Commanders of the said Ships of War or Privateers shall be obliged 16 shew.

No Shelter or Refuge shall be given in their Ports to such as have made a Prize upon the Subjects or Citizens of either of the said Parties; but if forced by Stress of Weather or the Danger of the Sea to enter therein, particular Care shall be taken to hasten their Departure, and to cause them to retire as soon as possible; nothing in this Treaty contained shall, however, be construed to operate contrary to the former and existing Public Treaties with other Sovereigns or States; but the Tw'o Parties agree, that while they continue in Amity, neither of them will in future make atiy Treaty that shall be inconsistent with this or the preceding Article. Neither of the said Parties shall permit the Ships or Goods belonging to the Subjects or Citizens of the other to be taken within Cannon Shot of the Coast, nor in any of the Bays, Ports, or Rivers of their Territories, by Ships of War, or others having Commission from any Prince, Republic, or State whatever: But in case it should so happen, the I^arty whose Territorial Rights shall thus have been violated, shall use his utmost Endeavours to obtain from the offending Party full and ample Satisfaction for the Vessel or Vessels so taken, whether the same be Vessels of War or Merchant Vessels.

Article XXVI.

If at any Time a Rupture should take place (which God forbid) between His Majesty and the United States, the Merchants and others of each of the Two Nations residing in the Dominions of the other, shall have the Privilege of remaining and continuing their Trade, so long as they behave peaceably, and commit no Offence against the Laws; and in case their Conduct should render them suspected, and the respective Governments should think proper to order them to remove, the Term of Twelve Months, from the Publication of the Order, shall be allowed them for that Purpose, to remove with their Families, Effects, and Property; but this Favour shall not be extended to those who shall act contrary to the established Laws; and for greater Certainty, it is declared that such Rupture shall not be deemed to exist, while Negociations for accommodating Differences shall be depending, nor until the respective Ambassadors or Ministers, if such there shall be, shall be recalled or sent Home on Accoupt of such Differences, and not on Account of personal Misconduct, according to the Nature and Degrees of which both Parties retain their Rights, either to request the Recal, or immediately to send Home the Ambassador or Minister of the other, and that without Prejudice to their mutual Friendship and good Understanding.

Article XXVII.

It is further agreed, That His Majesty and the United States, on mutual Requisitions by them respectively, or by their respective Ministers or Officers authorized to make the same, will deliver up to Justice all Persons who being charged with Murder or Forgery, committed within the Jurisdiction of either, shall seek an Asylum within any of the Countries of the other, provided that this shall only be done on such Evidence of Criminality, as, according to t^e Laws of the Place where the Fugitive or Person so charged shall be found, would justify his Apprehension and Commitment for Trial, if the Offence had there been committed; the Expence of such Apprehension and Delivery shall be borne and defrayed by those who make the Requisition and receive the Fugitive.

Vol. 51.

Article XXVIII.

It is agreed, that the first Ten Articles of this Treaties with Treaty shall be permanent, and that the subsequent uisia' c' Articles except the Twelfth, shall be limited in their Duration to Twelve Years, to be computed from the Day on which the Ttatifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged, but fully subject to this Condition: That whereas the said Twelfth Article will expire, by the Limitation therein contained, at the End of Two Years from the signing the Preliminary or other Articles of Peace, which shall terminate the present War in which His Majesty is engaged, it is agreed, that proper Measures shall by Concert be taken for bringing the Subject of that Article into amicable Treaty and Discussion, so early before the Expiration of the said Term, as that new Arrangements on that Head may by that Time be perfected, and ready to take place; but if it should unfortunately happen, that His Majesty and the United States should not be able to agree on such new Arrangements, in that Case all the Articles of this Treaty, except the first Ten, shall then cease and expire together.

Lastly, this Treaty, when the same shall have been ratified by His Majesty and by the President of the United States, by and with the Advice and Consent of their Senate, and the respective Ratifications mutually exchanged, shall be binding and obligatory on His Majesty, and on the said States, and shall be by them respectively executed and observed with Punctuality, and the most sincere regard to good Faith. And whereas it will be expedient, in order the better to facilitate Intercourse and obviate Difficulties, that other Articles be proposed and added to this Treaty, which Articles, from want of Time and other Circumstances, cannot now be perfected, it is agreed, that the said Parties will from Time to Time readily treat of and concerning such Articles, and will sincerely endeavour so to form them, as that they may conduce to mutual Convenience, and tend to promote mutual Satisfaction and Friendship; and that the said Articles, after having been duly ratified, shall be added to, and

make a Part of this Treaty. ----- -In Faith whereof, we,

the under-signed Ministers Plenipotentiary of His Majesty the King of Great Britain and the United States of America, have signed this present Treaty, and have caused to be fixed thereto the Seal of our Arms.

Done at London, this Nineteenth Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

Grenville. (L. S.)

John Jay. (L. S.)

Philadelphia, September 5th 179.3.

Sir,

I am honoured with yours of August 30th; mine of the 7th of that Month assured you that Measures were taken for excluding from ail further Asylum in our Ports, Vessels armed in them to cruize on Nations with which we are at Peace; and for the Restoration of the Prizes, the Lovely Lass, Prince William Henry, and the Jane of Dublin; and that should the Measures for Restitution fail in their Effect, the President considered it as incumbent on the United States to make Compensation for the Vessels.

We are bound, by our Treaties with Three of the Belligerent Nations, by all the Means in our Power to protect and defend their Vessels and Effects in our Ports or Waters, or on the Seas near our Shores, and to recover and restore the same to the right Owners when taken from them; if all the Means in our Power are used, and fail in their Effect, we are not bound by our Treaties with those Nations to make Compensation.

Though we have no similar Treaty with Great tain, it was the Opinion of the President, that we

should

ic

32 4° Novembris. . 1795.

Treaties with should use towards that Nation the same Rule, which, Hussia, &c. under this Article, was to govern us with the other Nations, and even to extend it to Captures made on the High Seas, and brought into our Ports, if done by Vessels which had been armed within them.

Having, for particular Reasons, forbore to use all the Means in our Power for the Restitution of the Three Vessels mentioned in my Letter of August 7th, the President thought it incumbent on the United States to make Compensation for them; and though nothing was said in that Letter of other Vessels taken under like Circumstances, and brought in after the 5th of June, and before the Date of that Letter, yet, when the same Forbearance had taken place, it was and is his Opinion that Compensation would be equally due.

As to Prizes made under the same Circumstances, and brought in after the Date of that Letter, the President determined, that all the Means in our Power should be used for their Restitution, if these fail, as we should not be bound by our Treaties to make Compensation to the other Powers in the analagous Case, he did not mean to give an Opinion that it ought to be done to Great Britain; but still, if any Case shall arise subsequent to that Date, the Circumstances of which shall place them on similar Ground with those before it, the President would think Compensation equally incumbent on the United States.

Instructions are given to the Governors of the different States, to use all the Means in their Power for restoring Prizes of this last Description found within their Ports; though they will of course take Measures to be informed of them, and the general Government has given them the Aid of the Custom House Officers for this Purpose, yet you will be sensible of the Importance of multiplying the Channels of their Information, as far as shall depend on yourself, or any Person under your Direction, in order that the Governors may use the Means in their Power for making Restitution; without Knowledge of the Capture they cannot restore it.

It would always be best to give the Notice to them directly; but any Information which you shall be pleased to send me at any Time, shall be forwarded to them as quickly as Distance will permit. Hence you will perceive, Sir, that the President contemplates Restitution or Compensation in the Cases before the 7th of August; and after that Date, Restitution, if it can be effected by any Means in our Power; and that it will be important that you should substantiate the Fact, that such Prizes are in our Ports or Waters.

Your List of the Privateers illicitly armed in our Ports, is, I believe, correct.

With respect to Losses by Detention, Waste, or Spoliation sustained by Vessels taken as before-mentioned, between the Dates of June 5th and August 7th, it is proposed, as a provisional Measure, that the Collector of the Customs of the District, and the British Consul, or any other Person you please, shall appoint Persons to establish the Value of the Vessel and Cargo at the Time of her Capture, and of her Arrival in the Port into which she is brought, according to their Value in that Port. If this shall be agreeable to you, and you will be pleased to signify it to me, with the Names of the Prizes understood to be of this Description, Instructions will be given accordingly to the Collector of the Customs where the respective Vessels are.

1 have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed)

Thomas Jefferson.

Additional Article.

It is further agreed between the said Contracting Parties, that the Operation of so much of the Twelfth Article of the said Treaty as respects the Trade which His said Majesty thereby consents may be carried on

between the United States and His Islands in the West Indies, in the Manner and on the Terms and Conditions therein specified, shall be suspended.

We therefore, by virtue of these Presents, do approve and ratify the said Treaty, together with the said additional Article, as the same are respectively set forth in this Instrument of Ratification, promising and engaging on Our Royal Word, that We will faithfully and religiously perform and observe all and singular the Things agreed upon in this Treaty, and that We will not suffer the same to be violated by any one, as far as lies in Our Power. For the greater Testimony and Validity whereof We have caused Our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, which We have signed with our Royal Hand.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Twenty-eighth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and in the Thirty-sixth Year of our Reign.

Ratification of the United States.

George Washington, President of the United States of

America.

To all and singular to whom these: Presents shall come, Greeting.

Whereas a certain Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between the United States of America and His Britannick Majesty, was concluded and signed

between their Plenipotentiary the Honourable John Jay, Chief Justice of the United States, and their Envoy Extraordinary to His said Majesty; and the Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty, the Right Honourable William Wyndham, Baron Grenville of Wotton, one of His Majesty's Privy Council, and His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, at London, on the Nineteenth Day of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; which Treaty is Word for Word as follows; to wit,

[Here follows the Treaty.]

And whereas the Senate of the United States did, by their Resolution of the Twenty-fourth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five (all the Senators of the United States being then present, and Two Thirds thereof concurring) " consent to and advise the President of the United States to ratify the Treaty of " Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between His " Britannick Majesty and the United States of America, concluded at London the Nineteenth Day of " November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyfour, on Condition that there be added to the said " Treaty an Article whereby it shall be agreed to " suspend the Operation of so much of the Twelfth " Article as respects the Trade which His said Majesty " thereby consents may be carried on between the " United States and His Islands in the West Indies, " in the Manner and on the Terms and Conditions " therein specified."

And whereas it will satisfy and be conformable with the said Advice and Consent of the Senate, if there be added to the said Treaty an Article in the following Words; that is to say: " Additional Article."

" It is further agreed between the said Contracting " Parties, that the 0 Operation of so much of the " Twelfth Article of the said Treaty as respects the " Trade which His said Majesty thereby consents " may be carried on between the United States and " His Islands in the West Indies, in the Manner and on " the Terms and Conditions therein specified, shall be " suspended."

Now

36 Geo. III. 4° Novembris. 33

Now therefore I George Washington, President of the United States of America, have seen and considered the Treaty, and additional Article aforesaid, do, in pursuance of the aforesaid Advice and Consent of the Senate of the United States of by these

Presents ratify, accept, and confirm the said Treaty, and the said additional Article, as the same are hereinbefore set forth.

And I do moreover hereby declare, That the said Treaty and the said additional Article, form together One Instrument, and are a Treaty between the United States of America and His Britannick Majesty, made by the President of the United States, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate thereof.

For the greater Testimony and Validity of all which, I have caused the Great Seal - (SEAL.) of the United States of America to be affixed to these Presents, and have signed the same with my Hand.

Given at the City of the Four-

teenth Day of August, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the Twentieth.

(Signed) George Washington.

By the President of the United States of America,

(Signed) Edm. Randolph, Secretary of State for the United States of America.

for us and in Our Name to meet, confer, treat, and Treaties with conclude with the said Minister, furnished with suffi- &c

cient Powers on the Part of Our said good Friends the United States of America, of and concerning all such Matters and Things as may be requisite and necessary for accomplishing and completing the several Ends and Purposes hereinbefore mentioned: And also, for Us and in Our Name to sign such Treaty or Treaties,

Convention or Conventions, or other Instruments whatsoever as may be agreed upon in the Premises, and mutually to deliver and receive the same in Exchange, and to do and perform all such other Acts,

Matters and Things as may be anyways proper and conducive to the Purposes above-mentioned, in as full and ample Form and Manner, and with the like Validity and Effect as We Ourself if We were present could do and perform the same: Engaging and promising on Our Royal Word, that We will accept, ratify, and confirm, in the most effectual Manner, all such Acts,

Matters, and Things as shall be so transacted and concluded by Our aforesaid Commissioner, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary, and that We will never suffer any Person to violate the same, in the Whole or in Part, or to act contrary thereto. — In Testimony and Confirmation of all which, We have caused Our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, signed with Our Royal Hand.

Given at Our Palace at St. James's, the Seventeenth Day of November, in the Year of Our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and in the Thirty-fifth Year of Our Reign.

Lord Grenville's full Power.

George R.

George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Arch

Treasurer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, &c. to all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Whereas, for the perfecting, confirming, and rendering perpetual, the Peace, Friendship, and good Understanding between Us and Our good Friends the United States of America, for adjusting and terminating all subsisting Differences and Disputes, from whatever Cause the same may have arisen, betw een Us and the said United.States, or between Our Subjects and the People or Inhabitants of the said States, for removing the Grounds of future Dissensions, and for promoting and extending the mutual Intercourse of Trade and Commerce between Our Dominions and the Territories of the said United States, We have thought proper to invest some fit Person with full Powers on Our Part, to confer, treat, and conclude with John Jay, Esquire, the Envoy Extraordinary of the said United States to Our Court, now residing at Our said Court, and duly authorized in that Behalf on the Part of the said United States: Now know ye, that We, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Wisdom, Loyalty, Diligence, and Circumspection of Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor William Baron

Grenville of Wotton, and Our Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, have nominated, constituted, and appointed, and by these Presents do nominate, constitute, and appoint him, Our true, certain, and undoubted Commissioner, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary; giving and grafting to him all and all Manner of Faculty, Power, and Authority, together with general as well as special Orders (so as the general do nyt derogate from the special, nor oq the contrary) Vot. 01.

George Washington, President of the United States of America, to all and singular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting.

Know ye, that for the Purpose of confirming betw een the United States of America and His Majesty, perfect Harmony and a good Correspondence, and of removing all Grounds of Dissatisfaction; and from a special Trust and Confidence in the Integrity, Prudence, and Abilities of John Jay, Chief Justice of the United States, I have nominated, and, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, appointed the said John Jay, Envoy Extraordinary of the United

States to His Britannick Majesty, hereby giving and granting to him full and all Manner of rower and Authority, as also a general and special Command at the Court of His said Majesty, for and in the Name of the United States, to meet and confer with the Ministers, Commissioners, or Deputies of His said Majesty, being furnished with sufficient Authority, whether singly and separately, or collectively and jointly, and with them to agree, treat, consult, and negociate of and concerning all Matters and Causes of Difference subsisting between the United States and His said Majesty, whether the same respect the Inexecution, or Infraction of the Armistice, declaring a Cessation of Hostilities between the United States of America and His Britannick Majesty, at Versailles, on the 20th Day. of January 1783, or the Definitive Treaty of Peace made between the United States and His said Majesty on the 3d Day of September 1783, or the Instructions of His said Majesty to His Ships of War and Privateers, of whatsoever Date, but especially on the 8th of June 1793, the 6th of November 1793, and the 8th of January 1794, or Restitution or Compensation in the Cases of Capture or Seizure made of the Property of the Citizens of the United States by the said Ships of War and Privateers, or Retribution for the Injuries received therefrom by any Citizen of the United States;

K and

Committee of Supply.

House to adjourn to Friday.

Copies of Pro-

clamations

presented.

34 4° — 6° NovembrA. 1795.

attd also of and concerning the General Commerce between the United Slates and the Kingdoms and Dominions of His Britanniafc Majesty, wheresoever they may be, and to conclude and sign a Treaty or Treaties, Convention or Conventions touching the Premises; transmitting the same to the President of the United States of America, for his final Ratification, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate of the United States.

In Testimony whereof I have caused the Seal of the United States to be hereunto affixed. Given under my Hand, at (L. S.) the City of Philade. this Sixth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and of the Independence of the United States of the Eigh-

teenth.

(Signed) George Washington.

By ti»e President of the United States,

(Signed) Edm. Randolph,

Secretary of State.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the 6a me.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Printed Copy of a Proclamation issued the 31 st of October 1795: And also,

Copy of a Proclamation issued the 4th of November

>795-

And the Titles of the said Proclamations were

read.

Ordered, That the said Proclamations be taken into CohsideratioU upon Tuesday Morning next. -

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Bilitocon-Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, <»»ueand and to alter and amend certain Provisions in an Act, Jenr^.Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An h°ibiting the " Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Ex- Exportation " portation, and permit the Importation, of Com, of Com, Ate. " and for allowing the Importation of other Articles Pr#MIDt*dof Provision, for a limited Time, without Payment " of DutyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795.

Pra ye US.

SIR Eduard Knatchbullpresented to the House, Farnborough

according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and Seven-of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Hell, at the North West End of the Town or Village of borough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Ri-verhitl, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Young presented to the House, accord- Bill to alter ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Pro- and aend pr etors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and J^^^Ca-complete the same, and the several Cuts and other naj Aets pre-Works authorized to be made and done by them by sented. virtue of several Acts of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fisher, from Account* of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant gented to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-five:" And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-five."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth j

To

36 Geo. III.

6° Novembm►

35

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, it Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer,

the 6th Day of November 1795. James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out ‘by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 6th Day of November 1795.

James Fisher.

Additional Powers to Committee on the high price of Com.

Wades Mill,

Barley, and

Royston

Roads

Petition

reported.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ryder, from the Select Committee who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Com, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Leave to sit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution Three Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill', in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the Baid County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of die House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Said Pe-

Vol. 51.

tition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as tollcmeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Gorsuch Times being examined, said, There is a considerable Sum due on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and that such Money cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and some of the Tolls altered and increased. — That Two small Pieces of Road in Royston and Barley, and also a Piece of Road leading from Barley to the Cambridge Turnpike Road, are now, and have for some Time been repaired by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of the said Acts; but some Doubts have been entertained whether they are authorized to continue to repair the said Pieces of Road. — And, he added. That it will be of great Benefit to all Persons passing along the great North Road through Royston, and also on the Road through Barley, to the Cambridge Turnpike Road, if the said Trustees should continue to repair the said Pieces of Road, as they have been accustomed to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Of Three Acts,

of

A. 1795

36 6° — 9° Novembris.

of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Midi, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said 9* die;

County: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Baker do

prepare, and bring in, the same. Anno 36* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1795.

Bill for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, 6cc. committed.

Petition from Claro respecting the ^ale of Corn.

Report

Supply.

Seamen.

Sum for Seamen.

Committee of Ways and Means appointed.

Supply deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to alter and amend, certain Provisions in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, w An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the " Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, " and for allowing the Importation of other Articles " of Provision, for a limited Time, without Payment " of Duty," be now'read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons within the Wapentake of Claro, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, conceiving great Hardships and Inconveniences have arisen by the Method of Farmers selling their Corn and Grain, without bringing the same to some Public Market, do solicit, That the House would take the same into their Consideration, and apply such Means as in their Wisdom may tend to remedy and prevent so great an Evil.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hitn to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One hundred and Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, including Eighteen thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said One hundred and Ten thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

Th© said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

MR. Vice Chamberlain of the Household reported Answer to to the House, That their Address of Tuesday Address, last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Colne and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Blackburn certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth p^£on Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road Irom Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts in Execution, and a large Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted remains due; and that the said Acts are in many Respects defective and insufficient, and the said Debt cannot be paid oft', nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged, which Powers might be better and more easily executed if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; ami have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Devon thereunto annexed, Debtors in the Ward Prison of Saint Thomas's, in the County of Devon, was presented to e lon* the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Wade# Mill, Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ®ar,«y and Three Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his Road^ Bill late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Ma- presented, jesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and , in

the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ryder, from the Select Committee who are Report# (in appointed to take into Consideration the present high 1772 *»d . Price of Corn, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That the Reports of Bread.'&c* concerning the Assize of Bread, and other Matters to be printed, relative thereto, which, upon the a 1st Day of December 1772 and the 14th Day of June 1774, were made from

several

1

Committee on Bill to continue and amend Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, &c.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Supply deferred.

36 Geo. III. 9° — 10°

several Committees of this House, might be again printed for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That an additional Number of Copies of the Report, which, upon the 21st Day of December 1772, was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine the several Laws then in being relative to the Assize of Bread; and also, of the Report which, upon the 14th Day of June 1774, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of the Methods practised in making Flour from Wheat, the Prices thereof, and how far it may be expedient to put the same again under the Regulations of an Assize, be printed, for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to alter and amend certain Provisions in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit " the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a limited " Time, without Payment of Duty."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and-Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the JDay being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vou 51;

Novembris.

3T

Martis, 10* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A BILL to continue the Term of Two Acts, passed Farnborough in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King and Seven-George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His Bilfcom-present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road mitted. leading from The Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent,

to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holden Strutt, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred "d Mean*, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Malt.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1796, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mam which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1796 to the 24th Day of June 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Land Tax. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 2.5th Day of March 1796, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Tiie said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington,

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committee last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for per- on the.lm*

" mitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Qr^nzined " Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships silk. Flax,

" or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in and Flax " Amity with his Majesty, for a limited Time," might Seed be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

L Resolved,

reported.

Rill ordered.

Accounts of Produce of Customs, Excise, cVc. presented.

Customs.

38 10° Novembris. A, 1795.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he w>as directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively.

for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1795; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Custom*, the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 10th Day of October 1795: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Excise, the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland;distinguishing, as far as possible, the

Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters ended 10th October 1795: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into stamps, the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th of October 1795:

And also,

An Account of the Total Produce, paid into the incident*. Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters ended the loth of October 1795.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOMPT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1795; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year; viz.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1795, as per Accompt( A.) ——

Ditto of the Excise for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of .586,839/. 12$. the Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt(B.) ——

Ditto of the Stamp Duties for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt(C.) -

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (D.) ....

£. s. d.

3,4*2,255 6 8*

8,739,0*3 11 9 i

O <b 0 *9 3

*,940,33* *3 -i

*5,701,507 10 10

Mend*".

To the above Sum of 3,412,255/. 6$. 8 the Produce of the Duties of Customs, should be added 112,918/. 18*. 4 the Amount of the Payments in the several Ports for Bounties for raising Seamen, pursuant to Acts of the 35th of the King.

Mm*".

In the Sum of 1,940,331 /. 13* — +d. stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included 24,175/. 12J. 2d. being the Amount of Imprests and other Monies paid within the above Period.

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 10th Day of November 1795^ by

George Rose.

36 Geo. Ill

10° Novembris

39

(A.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to i,oooo/. or more, in the Four Quarters ending the loth Day of October 1795.

Custom*.

SPECIES OF GOODS. NET PRODUCE, subject to the Payments of Bounties and Management.

Ashes, Pearl and Pot £. s. d. 813 9 —

Barilla - - - 22,897 9 1

Brimstone - Bristles, Undrest ... 5,257 4 3

Bugle, Great - - - 1,524 8 2

Carpets, Turkey ... 1,509 n 4

China Ware - - - - 11,101 7 7

Copper, Unwrought 1,744 13 —

Cork ----- 4,336 17 8

Com, Oats - - - - i,9°3 3 11 I

- Wheat - - - - 1,063 12 8 *

Almonds, Bitter 1,089 17 7 f

Aloes, Succotrina 422 3 9

Benjamin - 363 12 6

Borax, Refined 3,59i 9 8

Cassia Lignea - - - i,3i5 16 3

Cortex Peru - - - 8,279 8 1 f

Cream of Tartar 1,140 17 4 {

Ginsang - - - - i,i43 1 4 i

& Juniper Berries 73i 6 4

QU 2 { Lead, Black - 160 1 3*

Q Manna - - - 199 2 10

Oil, Perfumed - 521 6 5f

Opium - 43 12 3

Quicksilver ... 5,686 12 7

Rhubarb 2,745 5 11

Saccarum Saturni i,435 13 2

Sarsaparilla. Senna - 1,199 12 6

Succus Liquoritiae 3,719 12 6

Dy< e Stuff, Smalts - - - 10,699 5 10

Elephants Teeth - - - 00 00 0 e* cT

Feathers for Beds - 6,90912 — §

Fish, Anchovies - 527 15 3

Fruit, Lemons and Oranges 7,82817 2*

— Nuts, small - - - 2,425 6 4 J

Glass Plates - - - - 5,412 4 3 1

r Almonds, Jordan 4,777 13 —

not Jordan Anniseed - - - 1,308 — 5 583 15 10

>*- Cinnamon. Cloves. Cocoa - 1,799 2 i

8 < 8 Coffee - - - - 33,725 7 5 i

Currants - 91,040 19 3 J

O Figs .-- - 5,125 10 5

Ginger - - 4,274 7 9

Mace - - - - 267 6 6

Nutmegs - 651 1 5

Pepper - 28,143 1 9

Pimento - - - - 2,261 19 5

Vol. 61.

SPECIES OF GOODS.

£\ S<

Prunes -( Denia Lexia Lipari

CO

.S /

.22 \

Smyrna Solis O Rice Sago

Sugar, Brown vTea

Hair, Horse -

---- Human

Hats, Chip

---- Straw -

Hemp, Rough Hides, Indian.

----- Losh -

- — Ox or Cow

Incle, Wro'

Iron, Bar — Cast

NET PRODUCE, subject to the Payments of Bounties and Management.

Kelp

3

Cambricks -Canvas, Hessens

----- --- Spruce

Dam* Tab*, Sil*

Diaper Napk, Sil*

Drilling -

Germany, Narrow -Lawns Sil*, not Holland, Whited -

('Broad, above 22 f

a ----- ---- above 31 £

/ — ---- above 36

CO

co

D

Narrow Towel* and Napk*

Manufactured Articles of India -Mats, Russia -

Oil, Ordinary.

--- Sallad ..

--- Train -

Paper Pictures

o ® 3 »

«s

.2'§'3

04 o C

Callicoes -Muslins Nankeens -Prohibited -

Salt Petre

Seeds, Clover

Shells, Mother of Pearl.

£. s. d. 1,201 11 6

22,387 4 Hi 18,981 19 2 4,4i 7 7 8 *

11,943 19 8 25,27* 13 41 2,723 9 2

1,270 1 9

1,219,586 18 1

142,222 17 7

446 17 4 1,147 4 —

1,699 ~ 9 267 13 1

85,204 5 6

6,397

1,457

5 10 1 8

1,869 4 5 105,684 14 1

730 3 7 i

420 13 11

854 13

18,994 13 11,375 — M75 317 3,391

1 1 7

17

29,544 13

606

21,552

2,065

6,793

4,996

i,i39

2,896

1,161

16

9

5

16

17

18

12

3

4

10 I

5

5i

2

— i

11 I

2

5i

3

if

9i

U

2

3

13,717 3 2,400 15 796 13

7

9k

2,250

i,348

33,689

90,559

5,723

16,421

883

1,029

16

8

19

4

13

16

18

7

2 k 4 81 9i 7 i 11

9

10 J Silk:

40

10° Novembris.

A. 1795

SPECIES OF GOODS. I NET PRODUCE, subject to the Payments of Bounties and Management.

£. t. d.

Raw - 22,456 18 —

Bengal, Raw - 73,8h 15 2

S3 China, Raw - 14,312 — 10

Thrown - - 101,988 13 —

Bear, Black 3,013 1 —

Beaver 923 9 — f

Calf, Undressed . 2,i35 15 —

- — Tanned - 312 2 —

Deer, in Hair - - Cl rs lOO 1 —

Fox, Ordinary - - 411 14 3 I

£ / Goat, Tanned - 622 15 —

Kid, Undressed 2,370 15 9 i

cn Martin - 273 16 -i

Mink - 92 10 7 1

Otter - 312 >9 —

Raccoon.

Seal - - 734 2 3

Wolf

Snuff ... - - 392 14 10

Spirits, Brandy - - 13,858 11 — *

Geneva - - 14,278 — 7 i

Rum - - - 31,612 — 10 I

Stones, Blocks of Marble m 596 3 8

Tar ... _ 5,858 5 5

Thread, Sisters - m 793 12 —

Tobacco - - 242,494 3 —

Tow - - - 2,334 3 9

Turpentine " 5,oo8 3 11 f

Wax, Bees - - 7,405 7 9*

f Canary - - - 1,326 5 5

French - - - 11,107 6 4

C Madeira - - - 10,208 18 8

S3 \ Portugal - - - 429,936 8 7

Rhenish - - - 1,259 6 3

„ Spanish - - - 87,539 6 2}

I Balks - . 3,500 19 3 £

-o' Battens - - - 9,789 9 8*

§ Boards, Paling - - 1,166 9 8L

Scale - - 980 7 9

1 I Wainscot - 212 8 Si

CHARGE.

Net Produce, after deducting Drawbacks repaid, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Management, &c. &c. 4,749»464 13 8

Total Net Receipt - - £. 4,749,464 13 8

SPECIES OF GOODS.

NET PRODUCE, subject to the Payments of Bounties and Management,

r

"U

o

o; £ \

Deals

---- Ends

Lath Wood Masts Plank, Oak Staves Timber, Fir . - Oak Users

Wainscot Logs

Yarn, Mohair

o

c/3

cn

rAlum -Coals Indigo J Lead Salt, Rock Skins, Beaver -Tin

Other Subsidies

X

o a '£ *

s £

' Coals -Corn -

Stones and Slates -Wine -

Remitted from the Plantations -

----- --- from the Inspector of

Corn Returns

----- --- from Mr. Needham,

Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures

----- --- from Mr. Williams, for

Wines sold by the Excise -Received from the Receivers General of the Counties, on account of Window Money -Produce of condemned Tobacco -Sundry small Articles

Total - - £.

£. s. d.

138,623 6 2 i

4,203 10 ioi

2,665 8 3

6,113 3 9i

4,574 — — i

8,774 7 10 $

61,471 18 7i

867 17 5*

1,617 1 1° T

1,873 14 6 T

1,326 7 8

1,944 12 7

92,902 1 —

6,861 15 8*

30,014 — 8 I

4,350 6 5

2,806 6 —

4,965 19 7 T

6,584 18 7 T

616,811 8 9

2,720 16 2

16,278 11 6

872 18 9i

22,056 3 104.

554 2 9

L455 6 10 I

2,114 4 5

206,324 8 2

1,267 13 3

160,226 4 1

4,749,464 13 8

s

DISCHARGE:

By Bounties -

— Re-payment on Over Entries,

&c. &c.

— Charges of Management

— Payments per Order of the

Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, applicable to the Civil Last -

— Payments into the Exchequer

— Cash paid in the several Ports

of the Kingdom, in Bounties for raising Seamen, by Acts of 35th of the King -

Total Discharge - - £.

693,286 1 8

5L5o8 1 2 7

448,334 11 9 *

31,161 2 6 i

412,255 6 8 i

112,918 18 4

4,749,464 13 8

Thomas Irving, Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of G1 Britain.

EXCISE. — Ax ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise, in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate

Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000/ or more, in the Four Quarters ended 10th October 1795.

duties.

Auctions -Beer -Bricks and Tiles Candles -

Coaches built for Sale Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice Glass -Hides, Skins, Vellum, and Parchm* Hops

Malt, perpetual Metheglin, or Mead, and Vinegar Paper [See below.]

Printed Goods Sope

c f British Pln [Foreign

Starch Sweets -Tea

Tobacco and Snuff Verjuice is with Cyder and Perry. Vinegar is with Metheglin.

Wine -

Wire....

Auctioneers are with Auctions Coachmakers are with Coaches Dealers in Coffee, Chocolate and Tea Makers and Sellers of Wax and Sperm. Candles with Candles.

Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciscable Commodities Retai lers of Spirituous Liquors Ditto of Wine -Sellers of Gold and Silver Plate ^lanuf*4 of, and Dealers in, Q_ Tobacco and Snuff, with Tobacco, &c.

Duties comm*1

5 Jan- i/yi 3+Feb. 1794

28 Mar. 94

6 Apr. 94 18 Apr. '94

Lc ... [British \" Pin 8 [Foreign British Foreign

- Ditto

Bricks

Paper

Glass

.. . [British

Pln Foreign

34 Feb. 1795 / Nuts and

I Coffee ^Sweets 17 Mar. 1795 Tea

1'otal of Duties, except Malt Anni Ann* Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Berry

First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, Total Net

from 10 Oct 1794, from 5 Jah. 1795* from 5 Apr. 1795, from 5 July 1795, Produce of the

to 5 Jan. 1795. to 5 Apr. 1795. to 5 July 1795. to 10 Oct. 1795. Four Quarters.

£ s. d. £ s» (I. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

19>343 19,617 — 20,473 25,369 84,802

436,743 — 401,221 640,165 480,007 1,958,135

47,370 — — 10,570 1,172 30,013 89,125

43.493 — 78,852 — 60,401 25,863 208,609

483 — 248 246 — — 689 1,666 -- —

13,846 — 14,812 — 5.657 — 4.295 38,610

4,837 — 1,386 — 3,666 — 9,577 i9>456

27,762 — — 31,958 — 33,675 — 25,762 1 19>157 — —

58,530 — 68,295 — 45,293 — 71,468 243,576

192,331 — ... 192,331

124,254 18,674 — 158,219 — 327,925 629,072

5,317 3,059 2,877 9,375 20,628

53,845 — 70,611 23,911 — 53,825 202,192

102,389 — 80,124 — — 79,793 — 97,505 359,811

1*5,978 — 196,631 — 247,008 — — 152,221 711,838 — —

182,283 213,084 — 60,008 7^758 532,133

26,478 — 28,790 — 24,402 13,179 92,849

876 — 2,659 — 4,099 4,59° 12,224 —

204,246 18 9$ - 247,60817 — 4 79,442 7 Hi 531,298 3 9?

77,126 75,698 — 99,175 101,005 353,004

35,909 60,647 — 73,566 — 148,414 318,536 — —

805 1,061 — — 1,257 — D343 4,466 — —

3,727 2,776 — 2,683 — 5,024 14,*10

27,214 5,6.57 — 3,742 — 6,135 42,748

150,002 — 8,393 — 850 — 1,348 160,593

29,246 2,344 — — 108 — — 536 — — 32,234

to co C 1 1 1,583 — !>9(:5+ — *- 2,522 8,373

16,352 33,615 — 43,322 25,754 H9,043

38,158 42,714 — 10,849 1.5,430 — — 107,151

17,957 32,236 — 43,291 — ~ 26,725 120,209

37,528 44,094 — 10,062 >5,049 — "" 106,73.j

28,000 6,690 — — 829 17,751 — — 53,279

30,107 34,151 21,966 36,772 — — 122,996

H,033 12,243 — — 11,170 8,146 42,592

507 35,406 27,864 63,777

... 110 12,551 15,415 28,076

- 13,332 221,808 — — 356,736 591,876

m . 674 — _ 5,219 — — 3,593 9,486

... 1,462 2,954 4,416

- 28,885 52,859 8i,744 — —

i>973>529 18 9i 1,619,116 2,481,169 17 — i 2,359,238 7 1 8,433,054 3 9i

131,254 9,019 176,022 268,504 — 574,799

A n ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise in England, in One Year, between 10 October 1794, and 10 October 1795, on the Part of Scotland.

DUTIES. First Quarter, from to Oct. 1794, to 5 Jan. 1795. Second Quarter, from 5 Jan. 1795, to 5 Apr. 1795* Third Quarter, from 5 Apr. 1795, to 5 July 1795. Fourth Quarter, from 5 July 1795, to 10 Oct. 1795. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarterb.

Auctions ..... Beer. Bricks and Tiles -Candies. Cocoa Nuts and Coffee. Glass - Hides, Skins, Vellum, and Parchment. Malt, perpetual - Paper Printed Goods -Sope - [British ... Spirits |D°t^rt!rly KCmit: I Foreign ... Starch ----- Tobacco - Wine - - - - -[Tea -Licences < General [Spirituous Liquor -Duties comd "1 c ( British 5 Jan. 1791 JSI,lntS ( Foreign 28 Mar. 1794, Bricks and Tiles 1 Foreign Spirits, 1794 - - £.. 5. d. 2,000 4,000 6.000 2.000 18.000 6.000 6.000 9.000 12.000 6.000 4.000 — — £. 5. d. 1,000 1,000 3,000 9>oooo 6.000 — — 6.000 9*000 12,000 9*oooo 1.000 6.000 6.000 1.000 — — . 1.000 1.000 1 II III 1 1 1 ... 1 -I - I I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ' O OOOO 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 *0 O OOOO O O m q 00 oqqoo 5 0 , <$ 4 eo CJtcf cf 00 4 , cf c5 , ef £. #. d. 2.000 1.000 4.000 4,959 8 — 4.000 — — 12.000 C,oooo 12.000 9*oooo — — 6.000 6.000 1.000 5.000 — — 1.000 — — 3.000 — — £. s. d. 5.000 2.000 — — 14.000 — — *3,959 8 — 15.000 45.000 27.000 42.000 36.000 — 13.000 — — 1.000 — — 36.000 18.000 — — 1.000 2.000 — — 19.000 1.000 5, OOQ

Total of Duties, except Malt Annual -Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry - 75,000 — 6,000 — — 72,000 3,000 82,000 — 2,000 76,959 8 — 1,040 12 305,959 8 — 12,040 1* —

Total of Scotland - - jf. 81,000 — — 75,000 — 84,000 — 78,000 318,000

Perpetual Duties[gg^; 8,433,054 3 9} 305,959 8 —

Total of Perpetual Duties - 8.739,013 u 91

Annual Duties fEngland [Scotland 57479.9 12,040 12 —

Total of Annual Duties - 586,83912 ~

Total of England ;:nd Scotland - - - £. 9325,853 3 9 i

excise Office, I-ondon,| lMb, Accomp- Gen'. ft

>21 179j» J - r

<£'

42

10° Novembris

A. 1795

Stamps.

(C.)

Ay ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to i,oooo/. or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th of October 1795.

Consolidated Duties - - £. s. 745,064 it d. 5

Insurance - - - 129,389 11 —

Burials, &c. - - - 3,068 15 6

Hats 6,168 13 8

Plate ----- 25,286 12 5

Post Horse Duty, &c. - - - i93»586 6 2

Medicine - - - 11,820 8 7

Game - - - 40,425 12 3

Attornies - - - 25,639 19 2

Pawnbrokers - - - 3,892 16 11

Perfumery - - - 2,714 — —

Scotch Judges - - - 1,517 10 9

Add* Game, 1791 - - 16,023 9 2

Bills of Exchange - - - 124,151 2 10

Receipts, 1791 - - - - 42,758 6 —

Attornies, 1794 - - - - 16,195 13 6

Hair Powder Certificates, 1795 - - - 187,085 15 —

Add1 Stamps, 1795 - - - 8,713 15 8

Receipts, 1795 - - - - 4,204 — —

Sea Policies, 1795 - - - - 16,059 19 —

Apprentice Duty - % - - - - 6,140 — 3

£. 1,609,906 19 3

Stamp Office,

Nov'5th, 1795.

Rolf Thompson, pro Compt'.

(D.) An

36 Geo. III.

10° Novembns

43

Account of all Additions to the Public Debt, Ac. presented.

(».)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the I loth October 1795.

Letter Money per Week.

Salt ....

Seizures....

Letter Money, 1760 ——

6d Deduction on Pensions ——

i,h - D° - on Salaries ——

Houses and Windows, 1766 ——

Inhabited Houses, 1779 ——

Hawkers and Pedlars ——

Hackney Coaches and Chairs ----....

D® - - D* - - - - 1784.

Male Servants, 1785 ——

10/. per Cent ——

First Fruits ——

Tenths ——

Horses..... ——

4 Wheeled Carriages ——

2 Wheeled -D# ——

Alienation Duty ——

The Produce of Duties under 1,000l. within the same Period, amounts to - -

Money paid by Thomas Lumley, for Money over-received by him on an Annuity granted in 1746 ——

D® - by Charles Long, Esq. for Interest on 187,000l. for Annuities D® - by John Charlton, late Agent to a Corps of Invalids - .

D® - by Messrs. Fludyer, Maitland, and Co. on Account of Cloathing sold for the Use of the Public ——

D®.....D®.....D*.....- D® -

D® - by Charles Goddard, Esq. Agent for Upper Canada, to the 31st December 1793 D® - by William Bradshaw Clinton, on Account of an Annuity granted in 1746 Imprest Money re-paid by the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

D® - by John Dailey, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs -D® - by Abraham D'Aubant, Esq. late Chief Engineer in North America

Exchequer, the 6th Day of November 1795.

Quarters ended the

£. s. d.

156,000 — —

388,361 13 — i

30,817 — — *

269,029 18 1

41,626 — —

31,990 17 5

331,505 15 6f

144,203 19 4 {

2,749 18 10

11,000 — —

12,800 — —

87,618 17 9i

94,415 5 2 \

4,305 14 1 *

9,959 3 1 \

110,860 1 11*

148,021 12 1 i

36,455 — U

1,924 8 8

1,913,645 6 1 *

2,510 14 9i

1,916,156 — 1°T

25 —

8,053 13 11

271 — '

7,000 — .

5,7o6 — 6

2,553 16 —

30 — —

226 2 1

12 — 8 i

297 18 11 i

24,175 12 2

1,916,156 — 10*

1,940,331 13 _ 1 T

Exa per

Grenville.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the In-

Vol. 51.

terest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, as required by the 72d Section of the said Act; and also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the same, in the Year ended the 10th Day of October 1795.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

Incidents.

Public Debt.

44

10° Novembris. 1795.

An ACCOMPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13; as required by the 72d Section of the said respect of the same, in the Year ended the 10th of October 1795.

An ACCOMPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made, or any Annuities which have been created, subsequent to the passing of an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, " and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, " into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt."

By virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III. the Sum of 187,000l. was raised by Annuities, after the Rate of 7 /. 9 s.9 d.per Cent, per Annum, for the Term of 18 Years and 3 Quarters, from the 5th Day of April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 18th and 19th Years of His present Majesty, payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated l'und; the Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the same, for the Year ended the 10th of October 1795. "‘ns....

By virtue of one other Act of the same Session, the Sum of 1,002,300l. was directed to be raised by Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities were granted amounted to the Sum of 1,002,099/.); Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 09 Years and One Quarter, from the 10th Day of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, payable at the Bank of England; viz.

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for £

One Year, from the 10th Day of October 1794 to the 10th Day of

October 1795 - 42,862 1 —

Whereof has been reserved at the Exchequer for the Use of the Public,

and carried to the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Nomineesappointed by the Commissioners £. s. d.

Of the Treasury, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of July 1795 - 12,230 16 4 i

Reserved also at the Exchequer, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter which will end the 5th Day of January 1796 12,232 13 7 i

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to

The Charge for Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England, for the Annuities to continue 69 Years and One Quarter, for One Year, ended the 10th £. s. d. Day of October 1795 ----- 24,639 7 2

le Charge incurred by George Atwood, Esq. Inspector of the Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expence attending the Execution of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament ... 700 ——

The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the said Acts, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1795.....880 — —

To the Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries furnished the Offices for managing these Annuities, in the Yearended the said 10th Day of October 1795 696 11 9

24,463 — 18,398 10 11

26,915 18 11

£. s.

14A59 2 10

45,314 9 i°t 59,473 12 8 i

36 Geo. 111.

10u Novemb.

46

DEBT by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, Act: And also, of the PRODUCE of the several DUTIES for defraying the Charge incurred in

An ACCOMPT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the Annuities granted in pursuance of the following Acts; An Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way " of Annuities; " and of one other Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes; " Part of which Annuities were, by an Act 30 Geo. III. cap. 45, converted into Annuities for an absolute Term of Years; viz.

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D»

for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1795 -- of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from D*, for the same Time

- of the additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from tl

August 1789, for the same Time -

- of the additional Duties on Advertisements -

- of the additional Duty on Cards ..

- of the additional Duty on Dice - of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates

D* - of the Duties on Probates of Wills

the Amount of the Charges for Annuities, &c; as on die other Side

Surplus of these Duties for the Year ended the 10th of October 1795

s.

d.

- 15,287 18 lif

same Time 16,434 14 4

1st Day of

39>°35 >9 5

D* 11,750 2 —

D* 5.656 3 ~

D* 388 10 —

D* 7,727

Db - 36,605

132,885 7 81

w 59,473 '2 8f

£. 73,411 14 111

Mem*".

In the Year 1789 the Tax on Shops was repealed; which produced, upon a Medium of 3 Years, about 51,000l. per Annum.

Vol. 51.

N

By

Public Debt

46 10° Novembris.

By virtue of an Act 33 Geo. III. the Sum of 4,500,000l. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every 72 /. contributed and paid, to too /. Capital Stock, after the Rate of 3/. per Cent, per Annum, amounting to 6,250,000l. and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the 3/. perCent. Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32 and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1793.

The Charge in respect of the same, for One Year's Annuity and Management, amounts to ——

In pursuance of an Act 32 Geo. III. cap. 55, directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of 6,250,000l. and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Accompt of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of ——

190,312

lo

</.

By virtue of an Act 34 Geo. III. the Sum of 11,000,000l. was borrowed for the Service of

Year 1794, upon the following Terms;

The Contributors to be entitled, for every 100l. contributed and paid, to 100l. Capital, at 3/. per. Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 5th of January 1794, to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with, 3/. per Cent. Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32 and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year, ended the 5th of July 1795, with 4,950/. per Annum for Management, amounted to -

And to an additional Capital of 25 / at 4 /. per Cent. per. Annum, to commence from the 10th of October 1793, making a Capital Stock of 2,750,000 /. to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Capital Stock of 4/. per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 21st and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year's Annuity, together with 1,237/. 10s. for the Charges of Management, due the 1 oth of October 1795, amounts to -

And also to an Annuity of 11 s.5</. perCent. on the said 11,000,000l. to commence from the said 10th of October 1793, to continue for the Term of 66 Years and 3 Months, and to be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities, which by Two Acts of the 1st and 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th of January 1761, and the 5th of January 1762 respectively, and then to cease; which Annuity for One Year, together with 706/. 8 s. 1 {d. for Charges of Management, due the 10th of October 1795, amounts to

In pursuance of the Act of the 32d Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said 11,000,000l. in 3/. per Cent. Annuities, and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Accompt of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of -

And in respect of the Capital of 2,750,000l. in 4/. per Cent. Annuities, created by the the said Act 34 Geo. III. the further Annual Sum of ——

And also in respect of the future Annual Value of the Annuities granted for 66 Years and 3 Months, at the End of 45 Years, the further Annual Sum of -

By Two Acts 34 Geo. III. for granting Annuities in lieu of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills as were made out on or before the 31st of March 1793, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, w'ere to be entitled, for every 100l. contained in such Bills, to a Capital of 101/. in Annuities, at 5 /. per. Cent, per Annum, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain 5/. per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from the 5th of January 1794, whereby an Addition was made to the said Capital Stock of 5/. per Cent.

Annuities, granted by the said Acts of the 24th and 25th Geo. III. of £. d.

1,926,525/. 12*. 5 d. the Annuity payable for the same, together with

866/. 18*. % Id. for Charges of Management, amounts to - 97,193 4 3»

Pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 32d Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of 1,926,525/. 12*. 5*/. and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of - - - 19, 265 5 —

* d.

334.950

in>23

37 lo

63>49S

1

110,000

27,500 _

9>6So __

r

116,458 9 3

773,324 — 9

Ax

KM

36 Geo. III.

10° Novembris.

4?

An ACCOMPT of the Produce of the duties Directed by an Act 33 Geo. III. to be applied in Aid of Public Debt, the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Charge thereupon by the Annuity and Management on 6,250,000l. payable out of the said Fund; viz.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits^ continued by the above-mentioned Act, in the Year ended the 10th of October 1795 ——

D® - - - of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, continued by D®, for the same Time - - - - . - -

Deficiency of this Fund to satisfy the Charge per Contra *

£. s. d.

119,043 ——

107,151 ——

226,194 ——

26,618 10 — 252,81a 10 —

The Produce of the following Duties, granted or continued by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the consolidated Fund by Annuities, &c. established by several Acts 34 Geo. III. for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1795; viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on British Spirits, granted from the 21st Feburuary

1794: - - - ....

D* - - - of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits granted from D®

D® - - - of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies,; granted from the 5th February 1794 ——

D® - - - of the additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles, £. d.

granted from the 28th of March 1794 - 54,279 ——

D® - - - of the additional Duties of Customs on Bricks and Tiles,

granted from D* ----- - 360 ——

D* - - - of the additional Duties on Glass, granted from the 17th of April 1794

Da ----- -of the Duties on Slate, Stone, and Marble, granted from the 5th July 1794

P* — .- of the Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and of Licences to Distillers in Scotland, after deducting therefrom the Annual Sum of 36,000 /.

D® - - - of the Duties of Excise on Paper, granted from the 5th of £. t. d.

April 1794 --- - - - 137,99s ——

D* - - - of the Duties of Customs on Paper, granted from D® - 4,113 6 10

142,109 6 10

Deduct

The Annual Sum directed by an Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20, to be set apart out of the Duties on Paper, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund - - - - -' - - - 75,000 ——

Deficiency of this Fund to answer the Charge per Contra

£. s. d.

120,209 ——

m,733 ——

16,195 13 6

54,639 ——

56,592 — — 16,278 11 6

42,000 ——

67,109 6 id

484,756 11 10 288,567 8 11

773,324 ~ 9

Mernlum.

The following Duties being applicable to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of 1,833,000l. issued pursuant to an Act 31 Geo. III. for defraying the Expenses occasioned by the Augmentation of the Forces in the Year 1790, of which Bills there were cancelled, on the 10th of October 1795, 1,701,000l.: When the remaining 132,000l. with the Interest thereon, shall be discharged, the said Duties, pursuant to the several Acts for that Purpose, will be carried to and made a Part of the Consolidated Fund, on Account of the Charges brought thereon, in consequence of the Debt incurred by the Money raised in 1794; viz.

The Produce of the Duties on Sugar, in the Year ended the 10th of October 1795, was D® - - - of the Stamp Duty on Certificates issued for killing Game, in the same Time -D® - - - of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, in the same Time (after deducting 128,600l. per Annum, carried to the Consolidated Fund) -D° - - - of the 10/. perCent. on Assessed Taxes ——

196,371

16,023

38,309

94,415

s.

19

9

8

5

d.

7

2

10

2*

345,120 2 9*

If therefore, this Sum of 345,120/. is. 9 Id. is added to the Produce of the Taxes imposed in 1794, amounting as above to 484,756/. 11$. lod.it will make the Produce of all the Taxes imposed and continued, in respect of the Addition made to the Public Debt in 1794 - -- - -£.829,876 14 7

By

Vol. 51.

Public Debt.

48 \0° Nov onbris.A. 1795.

By virtue of an Act 3j Geo. III. the Sum of 18,000,000l. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1795; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every 100l. contributed and paid, to 100l. Stock in Annuities, at 3/. per Cent, to commence from the 5th of January 179.';, and to be incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, the 3/. per Cent. Consolidated Arthuities, which were granted by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and by several subsequent Acts; and also to 33/. 6$. 8 in Annuities, at 4/. perCent. to commence from the 10th of October 1794, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with certain 4/. per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of Parliament of the 20th and 2tst Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and by several subsequent Acts; and by the said Act also to a further Annuity of 8j. per Cent, per Annum, for a certain Term of 65 Years and 3 Months, to commence from the 10th of October 1794; and also, by one other Act of the same Session, to an additional Annuity of is. per Cent, per Annum from the same Time, and for the same Term,' making together 9$. per Cent, per Annum, and to be together incorporated into and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities, which were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th of January 1761 and the 5th of January 1762 (and then to cease) and were made One Joint Stock of Annuities with certain other Annuities, by divers Acts of His present Majesty's Reign; All which several Annuities, and the Charges attending the same, are charged upon, and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund; viz.

The Annual Charge in respect of the 18,000,000l. at 3/. per Cent, per Annum, granted by the said Act, commencing from the 5th of January 1795, including 8,100l. per Annum for Management, amounts to ——

The Annual Charge of the said 4/. per Cent. Annuities of 33/. 6s. 8 for each 100l. contributed, making a Capital of 6,oooo, oo0/. commencing from, the 10th of October 1794, including 2,700l. per Annum for Management, amounts to - -

The Annual Charge of 9$. 6d. perCent. per Annum on the said 18,000,000l. commencing from the said 10th of October 1794, to continue 65 Years and 3 Months, including 961/. 17 s.6d. per Annum for Management, amounts to -

The One Hundredth Part of the said 18,000,000l. to be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Accompt of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. will amount to the Annual Sum of ——

The One Hundredth Part of the said 6,000,000l. in 4/. per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank, to be carried to the Accompt of the said Commissioners, will amount to the Annual Sum of ——

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, to be issued to the Bank, and to be carried to the Accompt of the said Commissioners, in respect of the Value of the An-nuties granted for 65 Years and 3 Months, at the End of 45 Years, amounts to *

By an Act 35 Geo. III. for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills as were made out on or before the 30th of September 1793, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were entitled, for every 100l. contained in such Bills, to a Capital of 108/. in Annuities, after the Rate of 5/. perCent. per Annum, to commence from the 5th of January 1795; and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, established by the Acts 24th, 25th, and 34th Years of His Majesty's Reign, whereby an Addition was made to the Capital of 5/. per Cent. Annuities, s. d.

granted by the said Acts, of 1,609,897/. 17s. id.: The Annual Sum payable in respect of the same amounts to ..... 80,494 17 10

And for Management of the same, to the Annual Sum of - - - 724 9 1

81,219 6 11

£. s. d.

548,100 ——

242,700 — . —

86,461 17 6

lSo,oooo ——

60,000 — —

12,835 ——

1,130,096 17 6

The A nual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the One Hundreth Part of the said Capital of 1,609,897/. 17#. id. pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 32 Geo. III. will amount to -

16,098 19 6

97,318 6 5 1,227,415 3 11

36 Geo. III.

10° Novem

49

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the 35th Year of the PuWic Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 35 Geo. III. from the Commencement of the said Duties to the 10th Day of October 1795; viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Wines, granted from the 23d of February 1795 .....*

D* - - of the additional Duty on Sweets, from D* -

D® - - of the additional Duties on British Spirits, granted from - D®

D® - - of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from - D® -

D® - - of the additional Duties on Tea, granted from the 16th of March 1795

D* - - of the additional Duties on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, granted from D*

D® - - of the Duties on Fruit, Salad Oil, Waste Silk, &c. granted from the 5th of April 1795 ——

D* - - of the additional Duty on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals, granted from D* -

D® - - of the Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, granted from the 5th of May 1795 ——

D® - - of the additional Stamp Duties on Writs, Agreements, Indentures, &c.

granted from the 5th of July 1795 ——

D® - - of the additional Stamp Duties on Receipts, granted from D* - -

D* - of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances, granted from - D* - -

£. d.

591,876 ——

4,416 ——

63,777 ——

28,076 ——

81,744 ——

9,486 ——

40,867 14 3

4,467 9 3 187,085 15 —

8,713 15 8

4,204 ——

16,059 19 —

— — . u---- —

1,040,773 13 2

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, the 10th of November 1795, by

George Rote.

Vol. 51.

O

Ordered,

50 10° Novembris.A. 1795.

Bill for permitting the Importation of Organ-zined$ilk,&c. presented.

Bill for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, 6cCs reported.

Vote of Thanks to Admiral Cornwallis, &c. &c.

Minutes of Evidence respecting Grain, presented.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to alter and amend certain Provisions in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling " His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, anu " permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing " the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for " a limited Time, without Payment of Duty," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Honourable Vice Admiral Cornwallis, for the great Abilities, Judgment, and determined Bravery, he displayed in the Conduct of a Squadron of His Majesty's Fleet, when in Presence of a superior Fleet of the Enemy, on the 16th and 17th Days of June last; and that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of

this House be given to the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command of the Honourable Vice Admiral Cornwallis, for their Bravery and gallant Conduct on the said 16th and 17th Days of June 1795; and that Vice Admiral Cornwallis do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board the Ships under the Command of the Honourable Vice Admiral Cornwallis, on the said 16th and 17th Days of June last; and that the Captains of the several Ships do signify the 6ame to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, in respect to the Stock of Grain in this Country, and the Price thereof, subsequent to the Harvest of the Year 1794, and respecting the Produce of the Harvest of the present Year, the present and probable Price of Grain in this Country until the ensuing Harvest, and as to the Means of procuring a Supply to make good the Deficiency in the Produce of this Country; together with their Proceedings thereupon, from the 31st of January 1795 to the 6th of August 1795: And also,

Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before

the Lords of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council respecting the Stock of Grain in this Country, and the Price thereof, subsequent to the Harvest of the Year 1794, and respecting the Produce of the Harvest of the present Year, the present and probable Price of Graiu in this Country until the ensuing Harvest, and as to the Means of procuring a Supply to make good the Deficiency in the Produce of this Country; together with their Proceedings thereupon, from the 27th of April 1795 to the 5th of November 1795-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, pursuant to the Order in Directions of an Act of Parliament, Council re-

Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, dated 29th July 1795, for continuing in Force, until the Exportation Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of Corn.&c. of the next Session of Parliament, an Order, made by presented. His Majesty in Council on the 13th Day of February preceding, whereby the Exportation, from any Port or Place in this Kingdom, of any Wheat, Rye, Barley,

Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, Indian Corn or Maize, or of any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Buiscuit, or Malt made thereof, stood prohibited until the 30th Day of September 179.5, except as therein excepted; and the Importation of any Foreign Com, or other Articles as aforesaid, was allowed until the 30th Day of September 1795, ‘without Payment of any Duty whatsoever.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper, and also of the several other Papers which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Ryder, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on high *>rice consider further of the present high Price of Corn; fen-ed m de"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Proclama- Majesty's Proclamations, issued the 31st of October *j?"^consl' last, and the 4th Day of this Instant November. T

And the said Proclamations were read; and are as followeth; viz.

By the KING,

A Proclamation.

GEORGE R.

Whereas, on the Twenty-ninth Day of this Instant Month of October, divers Persons, riotously assembled and stationed in different Places in Our City of Westminster, proceeded to commit certain daring and highly Criminal Outrages, in gross Violation of the Public Peace, to the actual Danger of Our Royal Person, and to the Interruption of Our Passage to and from Our Parliament: We therefore, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, in pursuance of an Address from Our Two Houses of Parliament, do hereby enjoin all Magistrates, and all other Our loving Subjects, to use their utmost Endeavours to discover and cause to be apprehended, the Authors, Actors, and Abettors, concerned

36 Geo. III.

10° — I1° N

51

4terned in such Outrages, in order that they may be deah with according to Law: And We cio hereby promise, That any Person or Persons, other than those actually concerned in doing any Act by which Our Royal Person was immediately endangered, who shall give Information, so as that any of the Authors, Actors, or Abettors, concerned in such Outrages as aforesaid, may be apprehended and brought to Justice, shall receive a Reward of One Thousand Pounds, to be paid on Conviction of every such Offender; which said Sum of One Thousand Pounds, the Lords Commissioners of Our Treasury are hereby required and directed to pay accordingly: And We do further promise, That any Person or Persons concerned in such Outrages as aforesaid, other than such as were actually concerned in any Act by which Our Royal Person was immediately endangered, who 6ball give Information, so as that any of such Authors, Actors, or Abettors as aforesaid, shall be apprehended and brought to Justice, shall, upon Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, receive Our most Gracious Pardon. Given at Our Court at Saint James, the Thirty-first Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our Reign.

God save the KING.

By the KING,

A Proclamation.

GEORGE R.

Whereas it hath been represented to Us, That immediately before the Opening of the present Session of Parliament, a great Number of Persons were collected in Fields in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis, by Advertisements and Hand-bills, and that divers inflammatory Discourses were delivered to the Persons so collected, and divers Proceedings were had, tending to create groundless Jealousy and Discontent, and to endanger the Public Peace, and the Quiet and Safety of Our faithful Subjects: And whereas it hath been also represented to Us, that divers seditious and treasonable Papers have been lately distributed, tending to excite evil-disposed Persons to Acts endangering Our Royal Person: And whereas such Proceedings have been followed, on the Day on which the present Session of Parliament commenced, by Acts of Tumult and Violence, and by daring and highly Criminal Outrages, in direct Violation of the Public Peace, to the immediate Danger of Our Royal Person, and to the Interruption of Our Passage to and from Our Parliament: And whereas great Uneasiness and Anxiety bath been produced in the Minds of Our faithful Subjects, by Rumours and Apprehensions that seditious and unlawful Assemblies are intended to be held by evil-disposed Persons, and that such other Criminal Practices as aforesaid are intended to be repeated; We therefore have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to enjoin and require, and We do hereby enjoin and require all Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Our loving Subjects throughout Our Kingdom, to use the utmost Diligence to discourage, prevent, and suppress all seditious and unlawful Assemblies: And We do specially enjoin and command all Our loving Subjects who shall have Cause to suspect that any such Assemblies are intended to be held in any Part of Our Kingdom, to give the earliest Information thereof to the Magistrates of the several Districts within which it shall be suspected that the same are intended to be held; and if such Assemblies shall nevertheless in any Case be actually held, to be aiding and assisting, on being required thereto by the Civil Ma-

S'ltrate, in causing Persons delivering inflammatory iscourses in such Assemblies, and other principal Actors therein, to be forthwith apprehended, in order that they may be dealt with according to Law: And We have also thought fit, by and with the Advice Vox. 51.

aforesaid, to enjoin and require, and we do hereby enjoin and require, all Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Our loving Subjects throughout Our Kingdom, to be in like Manner aiding and assisting in bringing to Justice all Persons distributing such seditious and treasonable Papers as aforesaid. Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the Fourth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, in the Thirty-sixth Year of Our

Reign

God save the KING.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Bill for preposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Meeting^ Assemblies; ordered.

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 29th Day of October last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 'First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act declaring the Rights " and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yee* 2.4.

Teller, for the Noe, . }4*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Secretary at War, the Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon House to be this Day Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant <*Ued over. November.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III. U Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Most noble William Duke Somersham of Manchester, and the humble Petition of the j^(^('tr^c' several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, PetjXnf was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there is, within the County of Huntingdon, a large Tract of Waste Land, called Somersham Heath, lying in, near, or adjoining to, the several Parishes of Wood-hurst, Somersham, Pidley with Fenton, Old,

Holywell with Needingworth, Saint Ives, Bluntisham with Earith, and Colne, in the same County, upon which the Petitioners, and divers Persons, have Right of Common of Pasture, and other Rights; and that the said Heath, in its present uncultivated State, is of very little Benefit to the several Persons entitled thereto,

but

Petitions

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

52 11 0 Novembris.A. 1795

but if the same was set out into Parochial Allotments, and those Allotments divided and inclosed, and put into a proper State of Cultivation, or otherwise regulated and improved, the said Heath would be rendered much more beneficial to the several Persons interested therein, than it can possibly be while it remains in its present State; and that, within the several Parishes aforesaid, there are several Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which might be rendered of much greater Value, than in their present open State, if the same were to be divided and inclosed, and otherwise regulated and improved, in such and the like Manner as the respective Proportions of the said Heath, within the respective Parishes, shall be divided, inclosed, or otherwise regulated and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for setting out and allotting the said Heath, as aforesaid, and for dividing, inclosing, or otherwise regulating and improving, each Allotment, and also the several Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, within each of the Parishes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Mr. Francis Annesley

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common Council, of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are most grievously shocked at, and view with the utmost Abhorrence, the violent Outrages lately committed against the sacred Person of His Majesty, by a wicked and lawless Set of Miscreants, at the very Moment that His Majesty was in the Execution of His high Function in the Constitution, that of Opening the Parliament: That the Petitioners cannot help considering it as a violent Infraction on the Privileges of Parliament, and which Wretches they consider as the vile Agents of some more ambitious and evil-designing Persons, Enemies not only to the best of Kings, but to the wisest of all Governments, firmly believing that these diabolical Attempts were made in consequence of some premeditated Designs and wicked Determinations, formed at those Seminaries of Sedition the Associations for Political Debates, Lectures, and Clubs, held in London, and in divers Parts of the Country. Impressed with these Ideas, the Petitioners feel it a Duty they owe to the best of Constitutions, and to themselves, most earnestly to request the House to take into their most serious Consideration the Origin of these Grievances, and, if the House should find the Laws are not suf-ciently energetic, in their present State, to prevent the Repetition of such horrid Attempts, the Petitioners implore the House to take such Measures, either by a Review and Alteration of the old Laws, or by the Formation of such new ones, as the House in their Wisdom shall think most likely to afford complete Protection to His Majesty's Person and Family, and also to prevent, if possible, all seditious Meetings in future.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully persuaded, that the numerous Public Meetings for Political Debate, in which, under the Pretence of reforming the Constitution, the most pernicious and destructive Principles have been diffused amongst the Populace by artful and ill-designing Men, have excited and occasioned those tumultuous Violences which lately disgraced the Metropolis, and have endangered the Sovereign in the Public Exercise of His regal Functions, and which, if not timely prevented, may involve the Nation in Discord and Anarchy: And therefore requesting the House to take these Circumstances into Consideration, and to provide such Remedies as shall be thought effectual for preventing such atrocious Attempts, and for securing the Advantages of our invaluable Constitution.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to alter and amend certain Provisions in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, ,intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation " of other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, " without Payment of Duty," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 6. After " thereof" to insert " and of " Potatoes."

1. 37. After " thereof" to insert " or any

" Potatoes."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, 'without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Land Tax Bill presented.

Malt Bill presented.

Bill to continue Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Silk, &c. committed.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, ordered.

Bill to continue and amend Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, drc. passed

36 Geo. III. IT — 12° .

53

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Rose be added to the Gentlemen,

J1 j°bnngin wh0 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to iig making prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch Starch from from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lower-tv heat, &c. ing the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.

Bill to prohibit the making of Starch from Wheat, &c.pre?ented.

Member added to bring in Bill prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, Ac. presented.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making " of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, " or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty."

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, " the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, " Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from " any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-° made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, " on Payment of Duty;" and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second, Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii I. IB" Regis, 1795.

Praters.

Dunton Bassett Inclosure Petition.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested Vol. 51.

in, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out and allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to Colne and whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for reported, executing certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley,

Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton through Gisburn and Clitheroe to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster;and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge-, were read: — And,

Mr. Richard Moon, Clerk to the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, being examined, said, That considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts in Execution, and a large Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted remains due. That the said Acts are in many Respects defective and insufficient; and the Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road from Colne to Black-bum be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged; which Powers might be better and more easily executed, if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster: And that Mr.

Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Henry Freese was presented to the Freese's N»t. House and read; Praying, That Leave may be given Petition, to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

P A Petition

Bouse's and Albrecht s Nat. Petition.

Petition from certain Inhabitants, &c. of Bath respecting Seditious Meetings.

Land Tax Bill committed.

Malt Bill

committed.

Bill to prohibit the making of Starch from Wheat, &c. committed.

54 12* Novembris. A. 1795.

A Petition of Alexander and

Henry Charles Albrecht, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants and Visitors of the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel themselves called upon to express, in the strongest possible Terms, their just Abhorrence of the late atrocious Attack on His Majesty's Person, by a misguided and wicked Mob, whose Object appears to have been, not only to endanger the Life of their Sovereign, but, by impeding His meeting the Parliament, to controul or over-awe its Deliberations, if not totally to overturn the Legislature; and that the Petitioners have of late observed, with infinite Regret, that frequent disorderly and seditious Meetings have been held, whose Proceedings are calculated to inflame the Minds of the Populace, and to incite them to such dangerous Outrages as above-mentioned; and the Petitioners are the more readily inclined to impute the same to the mischievous Tendency of such unlawful Meetings, from an obvious Coincidence between the late extraordinary Proceedings of a certain Assembly, held in the Vicinity of London, and the Behaviour of the Mob which assaulted the King, in the Approximation of their respective Dates and Circumstances: The Petitioners therefore beg Leave humbly to recommend to the Wisdom of Parliament, to make effectual Provisions, for preventing a Repetition of similar Outrages, and for discountenancing and suppressing all tumultuous and seditious Assemblies, equally subversive of the Peace, and dangerous to the Liberties and Constitution of the State.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven, hundred and Ninety-six, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Jlesolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to con-Reading of the Bill to continue, for a further Time Actfar to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Par- the making liament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited of Spirits " Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Own Wheat, " Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, &cc % c°m*

" or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for per- mitte '

" mitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home " Consumption, on Payment of Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Billtocon-ujxrn the Bill to continue an Act for permitting the tuiue Actfoc Importation of OrganzinedThrown Silk, Flax, and Flax thelmpo!^ Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging tionofOr-to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, pwzined for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill to pro-Order, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles hibittheEx-and Soap, for a Time to be limited: And the same was P<Jrtation of received; and read the First Time. nre^nt«i&0'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Bill for the for the better Relief of the Poor within the several p^‘ref Hundreds and Districts in that Part of Great Britain incorporated called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Par- by Acts of liament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance Parliament, and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the ordered-Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor: And that Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hobart, Sir Charles Bunbury,

Sir John Rous, and Sir John Wodehouse, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimates, suant to their Address to His Majesty, &c.presented.

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Guards and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Garrisons. Jersey, and Guernsey, from 2.5th December 1795 to 24th Decembo' 17y 6,both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in Forces in the " the Plantations.

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Difference between British and Irish Pay.

Troops in East India.

Additional to D°.

Recruiting Land Forces and Contingencies, &c.

Subsistence paid to Innkeepers, &c.

Staff Officers, 5cc. on Gen. Clarke's Expedition.

Full Pay to Supemume-my Officers.

36 Geo. III. 1£° Nov&nb 55

the Plantations, including those serving at and in Corsica, and a Corps of Foot in Nero South Wdks, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1796.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 25th 1795 to 24th

December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of die Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1796, being 366 Days: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of certain Allowances to die Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces; and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year *796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers* and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces on an Expedition under _jhe Command of Major General Clarke, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps and of draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to tie paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces *nd Marines, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, fot the Year 1796: And also. Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1796 And also.

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry

in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Isle of Man, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also*

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men thereof, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great , from 25th De-

cember 1793 to 24ffi December 1796, both inclusive, being 360 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps, for the Year 1790.

And the Titles of the said Estimates Were read.

The said Estimated ate as followed];

Vol.51.

ESTIMATE

Allowance* to the Paymaster General, &c.&C,

Half Pay.

Militia and Fencible In* fantry.

Contingencies, &c. for D°.

Clothing for the Militia,

Fencible

Cavalry.

Allowances, &c. for D°.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, , and Guernsey, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796,

both inclusive, being 366 Days.

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of the Clothing of Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding-Masters, and Serjeants. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

si f First Regiment of Life Guards - - 295 - 23,855 16 —

6 < Second Ditto - - - 293 - — - — _ 23,586 16 —

X [ Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - 536 - 36,237 1 —

1,124 83,679 13 —

rFirst Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - 855 - 31,75° 18 1 4,119 13 6 510 14 10 1,048 37,429 6 5

Second Ditto - - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

CO Third Ditto - - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,9°5 18 —

8 J Major General Goldsworthy s Reg of Dragoons 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 - 29,905 18 —

SP] General Johnston s - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

Q Lord Southampton's - - 684 - 25,400 1 11 3,302 1 11 408 12 11 838 8 — 29,949 4 9

Lord Howard's - - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18

General Johnston's - < - " 683 — 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

rSir Henry Clinton's - - - 683 — 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18

Lieutenant General Lascelles's - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

The Prince of Wales's - - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

. General Hodgson's - - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

n C Sir James Stewart's - - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

§ Lord Dorchester's ... - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

£ > Lieutenant General Harcourt's - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

Q ' Major General Gwyn's - - 683 - 25,363 9 11 3,295 14 9 408 5 4 838 8 — 29,905 18 —

x: Major General Blathwayte's - - - 508 - 18,142 14 8 2,471 16 1 298 7 10 628 16 — 21,541 14 7

.2/° Sir Robert Lawrie's - - - 508 — 18,142 14 8 2,471 16 1 298 7 10 628 16 — 21,541 14 7

H-J Sir John Carden's - - - 508 - 17,962 6 5 2,471 16 1 296 15 9 628 16 — 21,359 14 3

Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger's - - 508 - 17,962 6 5 2,471 16 1 296 15 9 628 16 — 2i,359 14 3

Lieutenant Colonel Blake's - - - 508 - 17,962 6 5 2,471 16 1 296 15 9 628 16 — 21,359 14 3

Lieutenant Colonel Blackwood's - - 508 - 17,962 6 5 2,471 16 1 296 15 9 628 16 — 21,359 14 3

H,149 614,583 4

+J OQ I 1 First Regiment of Foot Guards - - 3.546 - _ 79,673 10 6

11 Coldstream Ditto - - - 2,215 - — _ 50,109 17 6

[ Third Ditto - " 2,215 7,976 - - 50,164 15 6 179,948 3 /-

0

o

t-1

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

D"

(0

o

ro

Prince William's Regiment of Foot Major General Bertie's Lieutenant General Grants Lieutenant General Picton's Major General Ainslie's Major General Bruce's Lieutenant General Hyde's Major General Grenville s > Lieutenant General Clarke's Lieutenant General St. John's Major General Smith's General Trapaud's ... Lieutenant General Scott's Major General Gunning's -Major General St. Leger's Major General Grinfield's -Lieutenant Colonel Doyle's Major General Crosbie's -Colonel Graham's -

Fifty-four Independent Companies of Invalids Garrisons ——

Total. - -

War Office,

12th November 1795.

,114

,114

,114

,"4 ,i»4 , H4 , H4 , U4 ,114 *, H4 14

14

14

14

14

H

14

14

14

21,166

4,502

302

49.2J9

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

15.59

1.5.59

15.59 15,470

15.59

15.59

1V\ fVitulfiam.

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

18

4

4

59,713 15 26,390 11

902,591 15

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 2G3 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 G —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 G —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 G —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19.799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

n O 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19-799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19.799 6 —

3 3,121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19.799 6 —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 G —

3 3.121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

3 3,121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19.799 6 —

9 3,121 10 6 262 3 11 823 6 — 19,677 19 2

3 3,121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 G —

3 3,121 10 6 263 5 3 823 6 — 19,799 6 —

376,065 / 2

8 11,600 — — 1,303 17 6 4,500 — - - 77,11713 2

l CO 5 6 — — 55 — — 27,229 16 7*

10 i4o,oS6 3 5 14,723 17 — 37,594 10 — £. 1,358,624 2 9

CO

o

O

w

o

cs1

ss*

CO

e s ¥

3

*t)iT

V

s'3'

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at , and in Corsica, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales

from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days. '

o

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

c§

FT

CORPS.

Sir Charles Grey's Regiment of Light Dragoons

General Craig's Regiment of Dragoons

Sir Robert Sloper's -

Major General De Lancey's -

The Marquis of Drogheda's -

Lieutenant Colonel Beaumont's

Lieutenant General Manners's

Lord Heathfield's -

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, First Battalion Major General Coates's -Lieutenant General Hall's Lieutenant General Morrison's Major General Clarke's -Prince Edward's Major General Ralph Dundas's Major General Fox's Major General Hotbam's Major General Powell's -Major General Garth's -General Graeme's -Major General Hamilton's Major General David Dundas'

Major General Whyte's -Lord George Lennox's -Major General Stuart's -Lieutenant General Massey's Lieutenant General Prescott's Lord Cathcart's Lord Mulgrave's -The Earl of Ross's <

Numbers.

5-9

529

520 529 529

521 521

l.iClo

1.160

1.160

1.150

1.150

1.150

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160

1.160 1 160 M60 1 >160

1.150

1.160

1.150

1.160

1.160

i, 160

1.160

1.160

334

3,687

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of the Clothing of Non-commi6sionedOiTicers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T 0

£. s. d. £. s. </. £. S* d. £. cl £. s. d.

13,323 5 4 CO VO ph 19 9 254 4 10 427 16 — -

20,475 3 4 2,549 9 11 341 1 9 690 16 — 24,056 11 —

20,475 3 4 2,549 9 11 341 1 9 690 16 — 24,056 11 —

20,475 3 4 2,549 9 11 341 1 9 690 1G — 24,056 11 —

20,475 3 4 2,549 9 11 341 1 9 690 16 — 24,056 11 —

20,294 15 1 2,549 9 11 339 9 8 690 16 — 23,874 10 8

19,169 5 10 2,549 9 11 329 10 — 690 16 — . 22,739 1 9

19,169 5 10 2,549 9 11 329 10 690 10 22,739 1 9

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — , 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,1 10 1 1 1

16,802 10 3 3,304 7 9 294 8 G 899 16 — 21,301 2 6

16,802 10 3 3,304 7 9 294 8 6 899 16 — 21,301 2 6

16,039 19 5 3,304 7 9 295 12 11 8o9 16 — 21,439 iG 1

1 7,6u4 7 4 3,3H 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 m 4 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 1 ]

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 m / 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

16,802 10 0 J 3,304 1 9 204 8 G 899 16 — 21,301 2 G

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 89 9 1G — 22,110 1 11

l (j, 8 0 2 10 3 3.304 7 9 294 8 0 899 1G — 21,301 2 G

17,604 7 4 3.304 7 9 301 10 10 899 1G — 22,1 10 1 11

17,604 7 4 3-304 7 9 301 10 10 899 i G — 22,1 lo 1 11

17,604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 1G — 22,1 lO 1 11

IV',604 7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 iG — 22,1 10 1 11

17.604 7 4 3,304 n / 9 301 10 10 899 iG 22,1 10 1 ] 1

£. s.

15,654 5 i i

165,578 18 2

cT1

e*

-4

CO

5? Marquis Cornwallis's *

p Sir John Dalling's -

c* Sir Robert Pigott's

*" Major General Balfour's

Sir George Osborne's

Major General Stirling's'

Sir Hector Munro's

Lieutenant General Rainsford's

Major General Craig's

Lieutenant General Dalrymple's

Lieutenant General Tonyn's

Major General Lake's

General Frederick's

Lieutenant General Tottenham's

Major General Hulse's -

Lieutenant General Campbell's

Sir David Lindsay's «/

Royal American Regiment Lieutenant General Mathew's The Earl of Balcarres's -Major General De Burgh's Lieutenant General Brown's Major General Cuyler's Lieutenant Colonel Cameron's Major General Norton's Major General Leigh's - »

Lieutenant Colonel Fitch's Lieutenant General Reid's Major General Simcoe's Corps

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

CT

Garrisons, &c.

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John's and Placentia-4ii Newfoundland, and St. John's Island

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago

Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, and Corsica -

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North America, the West Indies, and Corsica -

7 4 3,304 7 9 ' 301 10 10 899 16 MM 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,1 10 1 11

7 4 3»304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,1 10 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 , 899 16 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 ' 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 1 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 1 1

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 1 1

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 23,110 1 1 1

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,1 IO 1 1 1

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 87,065 1 1 1 8

6 1 13,217 11 — i,i94 1 7 3,599 4 — 2

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 16 — 22,1 10 1 11

7 4 3.304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 11

1 9 3,304 7 9 300 9 6 899 16 — 21,988 15 —

7 4 3,304 m / 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,1 10 1

7 4 3,304 7 9 301 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 21,q88 1 11

1 9 3,304 7 9 300 9 6 899 16 — 15 —

7 4 3,304 7 9 301- 10 10 899 16 — 22,110 1 6,823 ,5 11

11 6 1,124 11 76 16 8 371 G 1

h173,134 14 4

6,318 4 6 2,733 3 i

72,928 7 —

29,097 ——

c' 5*

Or

O

36 Geo. III. 12® .

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, N on commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

Gibraltar: £. s. d.

General Fletcher's Regiment of Foot ... 1,150 — 16,802 10 3

Major General Leland's ----- 1,150 — l6, N02 10 3

The Earl of Suffolk's 1,150 — 16.802 10 3 16.802 10 3

Colonel Nugent's - - - 1,150 —

Major General Francis Dundas's - - - - 1,150 — 16,802 10 3

Royal Garrison Battalion ----- 1,101 6,851 M,97i 8 8

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c. - -

Corsica: Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, Second

Battalion 1,150 16,561 19 1 16,802 10 2

Sir James Pulteney's 1,150 —

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson's - 1,150 — 16,802 10 3

The Earl of Eglintoun's ----- 1,150 4, Coo ' i6,&02 10 3

New South Wales:

Lieutenant Colonel Grose's Corps - - - 553 8,006 18 5

Total - - Deduct, — 77,868 1,260,625 3 1

To be paid by the Island of Jamaica;

For Sir Charles Grey's Regiment of Light

Dragoons ——

For the Private Men of Two Regiments of Foot, according to the late Peace Establish-

ment ----- -- Remains to be provided - - - 77,868 1

War Office,

13 November 1795.

IV. Windh

3?

- 3

p s

ft — ,

I'3

Charge of the Clothing of Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

3,304 7 9 294 8 6

3,304 7 9 294 8 6

3,304 7 9 294 8 6

3.304 7 9 294 8 6

3.304 7 9 294 8 6

3.036 16 5 257 — 3

3,304 7 9 292 5 10

3,304 7 9 294 8 6

3,304 7 9 294 8 6

3,304 7 9 294 8 6

1,540 5 6 152 3 10

230,068 12 6 21,683 18 7

Allowances to

Captains, Paymasters# Surgeons, Hiding Masters, & Serjeants.

8.

8qq 16

823 6

d. £. 8. d.

— 21,301 2 6

— 21,301 2 6

— 21,301 2 6

— 21,301 2 6

- — 21,301 2 6

— 19,088 11 4

8oq 16 899 16 899 16 899 16

589 18 6

62,835 10 6

TOTAL.

21,058 8 8

21.301 2 6

21.301 2 6

21.301 2 6

15,654 5 n

7,299 18 —

1. d.

125,594 3 10

3,564 8 2

84,961 16 2

10,289 6 3

1,689,854 7 5

22-954 3 11

1,666,900 3 6

Ci

O

12° Novembris. 1795.

36 Geo. III.

12° Novembris.

61

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and for the Year 1796.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days ——

£. s.

103,642 1 3

War Office,

12th November 179^-

W. Windham.

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service Abroad, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Numbers. Charge tot 366 Days.

One Regiment of Foot Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men ----- --- Charge of Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men - - - - Agency ----- -- Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants 719 £. s. d. 10,825 1 8 2,042 12 — 210 11 7 732 1 — £. s. d.

In all for One Regiment - - - 7*9 13,810 6 3

Five Regiments more of the like Numbers - - - 3,595 \ 69,051 11 3

Total - >> - - - - 82,861 17 6

Deduct, To be paid by Ireland, on Account of the above Regiments — — — 42,666 12 9

Remains to be provided - - - 4,3M £. 40,195 4 9

War Office,

12th November 1795.

W. Windham.

Vol. 51,

R

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Irish

Regiments.

Troops in Hast India Sen ice.

62

12° Nov embris. . 1795.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service

in East India, for the Year 1796, being 366 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive.

Pay ——

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master -

Total for this Regiment

Lieutenant General Gordons Regiment of Foot. Pay ——

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon ——

Total for this Regiment

Sir Adam Williamson's Reg' of Foot Sir William Medows's -

Lieutenant General O'Hara's Sir Robert Abercromby's Major General Musgrave's Major General Marsh's Lieutenant Colonel Mackenzie's Colonel Bernard's -

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same

Total -

Numbers. Charge for 3G6 Days.

£. e. d. £. s. d.

— 512 i3, H7 15 6

- - 2,776 3 6 f

— — 253 6 6 {

- - 427 16 —

— — — 16,575 1 7

L«34 16,526 19 2

— - 3,068 8 9 {

— — 277 4 11

- 843 5 —

- - 20,715 17 11

1,134 20,715 17 li

1,134 - 20,715 17 ii

1,134 - 20,715 17 11

1,134 - 20,715 17 11

1,134 - 20,715 17 11

1,134 - 20,715 17 11

1,134 - 20,715 17-11

1,134 10,206 20,715 17 11 186,443 1 3

10,718 - £. 203,018 2 10

War Office,

12th November 1795.

IF. IFindh

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

"This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Additionals recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be -wanting at present for this Purpose, the Sum of 8,345/. 16 s. 2 d.which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

36 Geo. Ill

12° Novembris.

63

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional* to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East , and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 3G6 Days.

Number*.

Charge for 366 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons.

Pay of Additional -

Clothing ——

Agency ——

In all, for the Additionals -

lieutenant General Gordon's Regiment of Foot.

One Company.

Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers ——

Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers -

Agency - -....

Allowance to the Captain -

In all, for One Company -

Sir Adam Williamson's Regiment of Sir William Medows's Lieutenant General O'Hara's Sir Robert Abercromby's Major General Musgrave's -Major General Marshs lieutenant Colonel Mackenzie's -Colonel Bernard's -

Foot, the same

- the same -

- the same

- the same

- the same

- the same

- the same

- the same

Total

War Office,

12th November 1795,

£. s. d. £.5. d.

- 8 369 4 3f

- - 44 16 9

— "" . 3 8 n 417 9 8

24 697 3 —

— — 128 16 —

— — 16 14 6

' — - 38 5 —

- - O CO 00 18 6

24 880 18 6

24 — 880 18 6

24 — 880 18 6

24 — 880 18 6

24 — 880 18 6

24 — 880 18 6

24 — 880 18 6

24 216 880 18 6 7,928 6 6

224 m m - £. 8,345 16 2

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces; and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1796.

Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Forces, upon Account Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, upon Account ——

Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account -

£. s. d.

170.000 ——

150.000 ——

40,000 ——

War Office,

12th November 1795.

Total

360,000 ——

IV. Windh.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others,

on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1796.

For the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering £. d.

Soldiers, upon Account - -- 120,000 — —

W^3T Office

12th November 1795. Windham.

Vol. 51.

Troops in Last India Service.

Recruiting

Service.

Subsistence paid to 1 nn-kt-epei s.

64

12" JVuvembris

A. 1795

StatY Officers on General drake's Expedition.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the forces on an Expedition under the Command of Major General for the Year 1796.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Clarke, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days ——

£. s.

9,259 18 6

War Office,

12th November 1795.

tV. tVindh

Supernumerary Pay.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps, and of draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 179C, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Horse Grenadier Guards:

1 Major

2 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains -6 Sub Lieutenants -

1 Adjutant -

2 Chaplains -2 Surgeons -

2 Riding Masters -

- each £. 356. *7- 0. 7*3 14 —

- - - - 155 11 —

- - 338. 11. 0. 677 2 —

- - 228. 15. 0. 1,372 10 —

- - - - 173 17 —

- - 122. 0. 0. 244 — .

- - 146. 8. 0. 292 l6

- 45- 15- 0. 91 ia —

Agent

Foot - -

Invalids -

1 Major and Captain 1 Lieutenant -

Agency

41st Regiment of Foot, < or

Invalids:

r 1 Lieut. Colonel as Colonel and Captain -3 Captains - - - - each £. 171. 16. 6.

l Captain Lieutenant -

6 Lieutenants ----- 80. 3. 8 {.

6 Ensigns ----- - 63. o. o

1 Adjutant ——

1 Quarter Master ——

1 Surgeon -

1 Mate ——

Agency

Allowances to/4 CaPtains> each £- % ° ~ £ 320 ——

Allowances to|Surgeon _ _ 82 2 6

Companies f 3 Captains -of < 12 Lieutenants Invalids: [ 6 Ensigns -

each £.171. 16. 6.

- 80. 3. 8 f.

- 63. o. o i.

Agency

Allowances to 3 Captains, each £. 80

Officers of Independent Corps, upon Account Officers of draughted Regiments, upon Account

War Office,

12th November 1795.

Charge for 366 Days.

£. *. 457 10

4,178 80 10 —

80 17 11 i

2 - — 4*

412 7 w / T

515 9 6

80 3 8*

481 2 3

378 — 41

68 »4 7 T

80 3 81

68 14 7 x

60 2 9 i

2,144 *9 1 i

19 1 8

402 2 6

5*5 9 6

962 4 6

378 — 4 i

*,855 14 44

l6 9 4

240 —

Total

7FV Whidham.

£. s. d.

4,258 10 — 260 — 6

82 18 4

2,566 2 4

2,112 3 9

8,500 ——

1 10,000 ——

127.779 !4 11

36 Geo. III.

126 Novemb.

65

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General} to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1796.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. Fees at the Exchequer -Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto Judge Advocate General -Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army

War Office,

12th November 1795.

Total - - £.

W. Windham.

£. S. d.

18,543 ——

98.000 ——

13.000 ——

5,»24 5 5

2,471 8 ~

6,353 ——

i43,49 13 5

ESTIMATE of the Chafge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1796.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive ——

For Allowances to Three Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops £. s. d.

of Horse Guards, at Ten Pounds per Annum each - - - - 30 ——

Ditto to Nine Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at Seven Pence per Diem each u ----- - 96 16

£. d. 118,873 18 6

126 1 6

War Office,

12th November 1795*

Total

- -

119,000 — —

W. Windham.

a

ESTIMATE of the Charge Tof Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1796.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive ——

War Office,

12th November 1795.

W. Windham.

£. *. d.

1,000 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

American Forces, for the Year 1796.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive -Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum ——

War Office,

12th November 1795.'

Total - - - £.

W. Windham.

£. t. d. 52,500 ——

7,5oo ——

60,000 ——

Vol. 51.

S

Goc e

Allowance* to Paymaster General, &c«

Half-pay.

Ditto.

Ditto,

66

12'' Novembris

A. 1795

jMilitia.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible

Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Man, from 25th December 1795 to 24th

December 1796, both inclusive, being 3G6 Days.

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Charge for 360 Days. total.

Bedford ' £. s. d. £ s. d.

- - - - 1 619 9,838 6 8

Berks - - - - 1 739 11,722 12 —

Royal Bucks - - - - 1 933 — i3,t»73 7 —

Cambridge - - - - 1 627 — 9,911 10 8

Chester - - - 1 827 - 12,575 12 —

Cornwall - - - 1 914 - 14,305 1 11

Cumberland - - - - 1 380 - 5,939 12 11

Derby ... - - - - 1 008 - 10,073 4 4

Devon - - - 3 2,355 — 36,707 6 —

Dorset - - - 1 95 5 - 13,899 1 —

Durham - - - 1 476 - 7,369 6 9

Essex - - - 2 1,502 - 22,384 13 3

Gloucester - - - - 2 1,292 - 20,920 8 8

Hereford - - - - 1 7i5 - 10,838 10 8

Herts - - - - 1 795 - 12,239 8 —

Huntingdon A - - - - 1 4(10 - 7,210 14 9

Kent - . - - . 2 1,524 - 23,267 13 8

Lancashire - - - - 1 - 13,754 7 —

Leicester - - - 1 75i - 11,192 0 8

Lincoln - - - 2 1,434 - 23.018 4 —

Middlesex - - 0 J 1,903 — 20,972 9 11

Monmouth and Brecon - - 1 5 "3 - 8,369 18 —

Norfolk - - w* 2 1,150 — 18,822 13 3

Northampton - - - - 1 701 - 11,036 2 —

Northumberland - - - - 1 803 - 13,307 7 —

Nottingham - - - 1 575 - 9,411 6 8

Oxford - - - - 1 734 - n,3i3 14 4

Rutland - - - I 145 - 2,346 6 10

Salop - - - - 1 ! 1,008 - 14.645 ~ 5

Stafford - - - - 1 795 - 12,239 8 —

Somerset - .» - 1 99i - 14.883 17 5

Southampton - - - - 3 1,425 - 22,419 10 1

Suffolk - - - 2 1,278 - 20,067 1 4

Surrey - - - 1 947 - 14,438 17 5

Sussex - - - 1 947 — 14,438 17 5

W&rwick - *r - - 1 911 14,105 1 5

Westmoreland - - - 1 287 4,677 15 2

Wilts - - - 1 1,378 - ' 18,756 — 5

Worcester - - - 1 800 - 11,054 4 4

York, West Riding - - - 2 1,478 — 23,445 4 —

North Riding - - - 1 849 - 12,780 2 —

East Riding - - 1 612 — 9,753 17 11

Anglesea - - _ 1 189 — 2,791 i» 10

Cardigan - - - - 1 145 - 2,346 6 10

Carmarthen - - - 1 238 - 3,784 11 5

Carnarvon - - - - 1 163 - 2,523 4 10

Denbigh - - - - 1 498 - 7,582 16 9

Flint - - - 1 316 — 3.571 1 5

Glamorgan - - - 1 430 - 6,905 14 9

Merioneth - - - - 1 145 - 2,346 6 10

Montgomery - - - 1 502 - 7,96T 3 9

Pembroke - - 1 189 — 2,791 11 10

Radnor - - - - 1 145 42,293 2,346 6 10 650,668 — A

\ 4

Fencible Infantry:

Sir James Grant's Regiment of Fencible Men 589 12,092 12 /

Colonel Wemyss's - - - - 589 - 12, Ot)2 12 7

Colonel Montgomery's - - - - m ~ 589 — 12,092 12 /

Earl of Breadalbane's - - - m - 1,178 - 23,942 5

Marquis of Lorn's - - - m 589 - 12,002 12 /

Duke of Gordon's - - - - m 589 - 12,092 12 7

Earl of Hopetoun's - - - - 589 — 12,092 12 /

Carried forward - - 4,712 42,293' f 96,498 6 It 650,668 — 4

1 |

oo IjEO. hi. i'S.

Of

Brought forward -

Sir John Sinclairs Regiment of Fencible Men, 1st Battalion ——

Lord Grey de Wilton's Regiment - -

Colonel Courtenay's ——

Colonel Campbell's ——

Colonel Macdonell's ——

Colonel Forster's ——

Colonel Robinson's ——

Colonel Blake's - -

Colonel O'Connor's -

Colonel Price's - - - - .

Lord Henry Murray's ——

Colonel Handcock's- ——

Duke of Athol's Corps -

Colonel Balfour's Ditto ——

Major Fraser's Ditto ——

Captain Mackenzie's Ditto -

Total -

Numbers. Charge for 26G Days. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £.s. d.

4,712 42,293 96,498 6 11 650,668 — 4

589 — 12,092 12 7

1,110 — 19,446 16 7

589 - 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7 \

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

589 — 12,092 12 7

340 — 6,096 6 9

337 — 6,099 4 6

173 — 3,019 10 10

136 13*287 2,447 9 9 266,626 13 9

- - - 55,580 m £. 917,294 14 1

War Office,

12th November 1795.

JV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men thereof, for the Year 17961

For the Contingencies of the Account -Charge of certain Allowances Ditto, upon Account - Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, upon to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of £ &* ct» 40,000 170,000 — - —

TIT /A /Y* £. 210,000

War Office,

12th November 1795.

tV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South , for the

Year 1796.

Numbers. Rates. Charge.

1,884 Serjeants - - 1,139 Drummers-37,410 Rank and File - - £.5.14. 7. -3. 0. j. -2. 10. 5. - - £.10,79315 — 3,44014 7 - 94,304 7 6

Total - -£.108,538 17 1

War Office, 12th November 1795. W. Windham.

Vol. 51.

Militia.

Militia Ck) thing.

68

12° Novembris.

A. 1795

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great Britain, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

First Regiment of Fencible Cavalry - m to & tm

Berkshire - - m Ditto - - - to

Cambridge - - Ditto - to

Cinque Ports - - Ditto - - - to.

Cornwall - - m Ditto - - - - to

Durham - - m Ditto - - . - . to to

Essex - - - m Ditto - - - - to.

Hampshire - - Ditto - to - -

Lancashire - - Ditto - - - to m -

Norfolk - - - Ditto - -

Oxford * - - Ditto - - m to to to

Pembroke - Corps - - - - to to.

Romney - - - Regiment -

Rutland - - Ditto - - - m to -

Somerset - - Ditto - - - to - to

Surrey - - Ditto - -

Sussex - - . Ditto - - - to to

Wales (North) - Ditto -

Warwick - - Ditto - - - to

Ayr - - - m Ditto - - - - . to

Berwickshire - - Ditto - - - .

Dumfrieshire - - Ditto - - m.

Dunbarton - - Corps - - . to

Fifeshire - - - Regiment - -

Haddington - - Ditto -

Lanarkshire - Ditto - - . - . to

Linlithgow m Corps -

Mid Lothian - - Regiment - -

Perthshire Ditto - - - m to

Roxburgh - - - Ditto ——

Total -

War Office,

12th November 1795.

W. Windham.

Numbers. Charge for 366 Days.

£. s. d.

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

239 11,067 19 5

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 Q

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

59 2,626 15 2

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

ns 5,335 3 10

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

358 16,726 3 9

10,082 470,636 19 8

ESTIMATE of the Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps, for the Year 1796,

Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account -For the Allowance of Extra Feed to the stud Corps, upon Account -

£. s. d.

40.000 ——

75.000 -

115,000 ——

War Office,

12 th November 1795.

W. Windham.

Ordered,

12v — l'S JVovembris.

3b Ueo. 1J1.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ob'

Veneris, 13* die;

Motion to adjourn. Neg.

Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings pre-een ted.

Minutes of Evidence sent from the Lords to be printed.

A motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: And the same was received.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Alderman Lush-']

ington, > 135.

Mr. J

{Mr. Lamb ton, 1 Mr. Christian Cur- > 22. wen: I

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for the Yeas, }»*.

TeUers for the Noes, ^Sheridan: } al-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday Moming next," and inserting the words " Wednesday " Sevennight " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tuesday Morning next" stand Part of the Question; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Edward James'

Tellers for the Yeas, [ , 129.

[Mr. Steele:

(Mr. John Thomas' Stanley Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence of the several Witnesses examined by the Lords upon the 29th Day of October last, a Copy of which was communicated to this House from their Lordships on the 30th Day of October last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Anno 36° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Noblemen, and the hum- Petition for ble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- po^ers of selves and others, interested in the Navigation of the j:au Brink River Ouze to and from the Town of King's , in and Kings the County of Norfolk, and Owners of Lands lying in, Lyen^rain and adjoining to, the Middle and South Level of the age c " Fens, called Bedford Level, and of the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, and in divers other Lands adjoining, or near to, the said River Ouze, and draining through the same to ' Sea, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made, in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhallSaint Mary, in the said

County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River; and that, by the said Act, a Yearly Tax of Four Pence per Acre is rated, taxed, charged, and assessed, upon certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, and also a Tonnage of Four Pence per Ton upon certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, for the Term of Ten Years, and the Commissioners for Drainage under the said Act are empowered to borrow, and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think proper, not exceeding 70,000l. upon the Credit of the Taxes payable by virtue of the said Act, and on the Three-fourth Parts of the Tolls therein directed to be paid to them by the Commissioners for Navigation under the said Act, and also upon the Bare Sands and Channel thereby vested in Trust for the said Commissioners for Drainage; and that the Commissioners for Navigation under the said Act are empowered to borrow, and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think proper, not exceeding 8,000l. upon the Credit of the Fourth Part of the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be collected and made payable to them; and that, for raising, and better securing and re-paying of such Money, authorized by the said Act to be raised or borrowed, it is expedient that the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, should be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Mr. Praed,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mr Holar, presented the House, according to M Not. Morning, len ot t e Clock. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Henry Freese: And Billpresented.

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 51. T Mr.

Boue'a and Albrecht's Nat. Bill presented.

Wades Mill, Barley and Royston Roads Bill committed.

Committee on high Price of Corn deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Committee on Land Tax Bill.

Committee on Malt Bill.

70 13° Novembris. A. 1795.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Alexander Charles and John Henry Charles Albrecht: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barky and Royston, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bdl be committed to Mr.

Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Day of March 1796, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1794, to satisfy Principul and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1796.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

O

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1794, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

1796.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th 9

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill to prohi-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, hit making upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, deferred, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to °n Bill pro-continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, taking *0* made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Spirits from " Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of '' heat, 4c.

" Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or " any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour,

" or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits,

" deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of <# Duty;" and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and to pro-

Soap, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second h,^t the Ex-1 ' ' portation of

iime. Candles and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Soap, com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee miUed-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for per-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to mitting the continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Importation Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any &&. report*!. Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

13° — 16° Novembris.

36 Geo. III.

71

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then tht House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lutut, 16° die Novembris; Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

Bill to amend the Grand Junction Canal Acts committed.

A BILL to enable the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, Sir John Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Parishes, together with other small Commons, and some very small Common Fields, in the said Parish of Reymerstone, which Commons, in their present State, yield but little Profit to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, and which Common Fields are inconveniently situated for the Petitioners, and the several Other Owners and Proprietors thereof; and that, if the said Commons and Waste Lands, and the said Common Fields, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Commons and Waste Lands, and Common Fields, might be cultivated and Improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Lands, and Common Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John lVodehouse, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lords have passed

Bill for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colne and Blackburn Hoad Bill presented.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Reymerstone, Letton, &c. Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of Brampton Gurdon Dillingham, Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Cahely Hall in Reymerstone, Cranworth and Butlers in Letton, and Booter's Hall in Cranworth, in the County of Norfolk, and Patron

of the Rectory and Parish Church of Reymerstone, of tho Consolidated Rectories and Parish Church of Cranworth with Letton, and of the Rectory and Parish Church of Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the said County, and of several other Persons having Right of Common or Pasturage, or otherwise interested in the Commons and Waste Lands, and Common Fields, within the said Parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, Cranworth, and Southbergh, alias Barrow, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is One large open Common and Waste Land lying in the said several

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wyke Regi* thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, InclosuraP*-and Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, UUon' and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wyke Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Open and Common- Fields, and Other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and Inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several Parties interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it will not only be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tucker Steward and Mr. Ashley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to Ordnance their Address to His Majesty, Estimate pre-

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, 8eDte(1' for the Year 1796 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. <38.

EXPENGE

72

16* Novembris.

A. 1795.

Ordnance EX PENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and

Estimate.

not provided for by Parliament;

On Account of Debt to 31st December 1783.

Paid Debts incurred to 31st December 1783, and which have been settled since that Period ——

£. 3.

279 4 4

On Account of 1794.

Newfoundland: Paid for Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

Barbadoes:

Paid for Works, Current Service, and Contingencies

£. s. d. 807 9 8

2,125 8 11

Tobago:

Paid to the Captors of the Island, for Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores captured by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Troops under the Command of General Cornelius Cuyler, and of His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lqforey -.....4,034 11 3

Expedition under the Command of Sir Charles Grey:

Paid on Account of temporary Barracks for the Troops, and for Contingencies of the Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands - - - - 3,616 2 2

St. Domingo:

Paid to the Captors of Port au Prince, and the Forts and Batteries in the Vicinity thereof, for Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, captured by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea, under the Command of General Whyte and Admiral Ford - - - - 14,095 1 4

Flanders:

Paid on Account of Contingencies of the Train of Artillery - - - 6,118 3 10

Scotland:

Paid for Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current

Service, and Contingencies - -1,14435

Plymouth:

Paid for Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, and other Places in the Plymouth Division, Current ‘ Service, and Contingencies - -4,11894

Defence of the Coasts:

£. s. d.

Paid on Account of temporary Barracks for the Troops - 1,793 17 2

Paid towards repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of

Defence.....5,629 12 5

----- ----- ---- 7,423 9 7

Regiment

36 Geo. III.

16° Novembtis.

7.3

Regiment of Autillert and Engineers:

Paid for Bread and additional Clothing for Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey Paid for Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in Great Britain - -

1,475

s. i

£. s. d.

697 19

11

2,173 — u

45,656 — 5

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Navy, beyond the Grants by Parliament for that Service, for the Year 1794 ----- -- 61,000 S 9

Carried forward to Fol. 75 - - £.

On Account of 1795.

Flanders, Holland, and Germany:

£. s. d.

Ammunition and Stores sent - -- -- - 27,436 10 7

Paid on Account of the Purchase of Horses for the Train of Artillery,

- - 16,008 12 2

Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies

Newfoundland;

For Stores sent Ammunition and Stores sent Powder and Stores sent *

Quebec: Bahama Islands:

Gambia i

Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, Stores, and Artificers Tools sent - *

West Indie's:

A Supply of Stores sent to Dominica, Grenada, and Martinico A Supply of Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder and Stores for the Battering and Field Train of Artillery in the Leeward Islands Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores for a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces on an Expedition to the Leeward Islands, under the Command of Sir Ralph Abercrombie -

£. s. d.

- ii,n5 8 3

- 7,288 8 3 95,423 5 9

St. Domingo:

Small Arms and Stores sent to Cape Nicola Mole * - -

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, for a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces on an Expedition under the Command of Sir Ralph Abercrombie * *

3. d.

106,656 9 2

4,029 5 9

73,h6 5 5

Gibraltar:

Brass Ordnance and Stores sent

Stores prepared for Foreign Service:

Brass Ordnance, Shot, Shells, and other Stores for a Field Train of Artillery, shipped at Portsmouth ----- *-

Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and intrenching Tools sent to Portsmouth ——

Small Arms and Ammunition issued ——

30,331 10 7

7,279 18 10 5,738 2 6

Expedition under the Command of General Clarke: Brass Ordnance, Shot, Shells, and other Stores ——

Expedition under the Command of Sir Sidney Smith: Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores ——

Vol. 51.

V

106,935 13 6

43,445 2 9 201 11 —

5,644 — 6

5,789 1 8

1,563 16 9

113,827 2 3

77,145 11 2

1,255 n 8

43,349 n I. 2,170 5 6

15,125 — 7 Expedition

Ordnance

Lstmiate.

74

16° Novemb.

A. 1795.

Expedition under the Command of Major General Doyle: Brass Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores ——

Guernsey:

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Small Arms, and other Stores sent

Jerset:

s.

Small Arms, Ammunition, and Stores Bedding for the Troops sent

For a Supply of Stores

30,027 11 3,59C> 4

Alderney:

the Town -

- - - £. 2,701 19 2

- - - 215 11 8

- - - 3,405 6 —

- - 75 15 —

- a - 2,619 6 S

Island of Sark:

Small Arms and Accoutrements for the Militia -

Gravesend and Tilbury:

Paid for Purchase of Vessels, Cables, Hawsers, Platforms, and other Articles, and for the Wages of Bargemen and others employed in establishing a Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Portsmouth:

f Dover

Barrack Bedding sent to I Landguard Fort the established Bar-x Woolwich racks at - - - Knightsbridge -

Plymouth

Defence of the Coasts:

Paid on Account of Temporary Barracks for the Troops, and providing Bedding for the same ——

Iron Ordnance and Stores for Defence of the several Batteries on the Coasts ——

Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores for a Train of Artillery at Tinmouth ——

Iron Ordnance and Stores for Defence of the several Batteries in Scotland

Royal Regiment of Artillery and Engineers:

Pay of an Augmentation of One Colonel Commandant, Two Second Lieutenant Colonels, One Surgeon's Mate, and Five Companies of Artillery to the Fifth Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 6th March to 31st December 1795, with Levy Money for the same; also the Difference of Pay of a Deputy Adjutant General and Brigade Major - 21,424

£.7,790 10 46,726 5

7,434 14 8,939 4

8

Allowance for Bread and additional Clothing for the said Augmentation

O O

Paid the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in England, to 31st October 1795 Paid the additional Allowance to Innkeepers for quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery Pay of an Adjutant added to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from 15th May to 31st December 1795 ——

Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers in the Service of Great Britain, from ist April to 31st December 1795, inclusive -

Paid for the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Horses, for the Parks of Artillery and Battalion Guns in England, also for the Pay of Officers, and Contingencies ——

Ordnance, Ammunition, Waggons, and Stores for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns attached to the Regiments of Foot and Militia in Great Britain, also for Tents and Camp Equipage for Artillery ——

Paid for the Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers for a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in Scotland, from 14th July to 13th August 1795 ——

Ordnance, Ammunition, and Storos for the said Train -

by4 13

5,080 — 8

L300 ——

57 15 "

2,048 15 —

25,118 9 1

53,77° 9 1

256

8,093

£. s. d. 17,203 1 3

10,521 11 11

33,623 15 8

1,313 6 10

128 15 —

6,191 19 9

3,59S 8 -

9,10718 6

70,890 15 —

117,823 19 4 Pro vi a nt

36 Geo. IIL

16° JVovem

75

Pkoviant Train:

Paid for the Hire and Forage of Horses, and for the Pay of Conductors and Drivers, from 23d April to 4th November 1705 ——

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition for the Army:

Arms to the Life Guards, Horse and Dragoon Guards, to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Fenciblo Cavalry; also to sundry Troops of Gentlemen and Yeomanry Cavalry, to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to sundry Regiments and Volunteer Companies of Foot, to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and to sundry Regiments of French Emigrants ——

Tents to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Foot -Ammunition to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Foot for Service, also to sundry Regiments of Fencible, and Troops of Gentlemen and Yeomanry Cavalry, and to sundry Volunteer Companies of Foot, for Exercise and Serv ice ——

Forge Carts to sundry Regiments of Cavalry -

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition for Militia: Arms to sundry Regiments of Militia ——

Tents to Two Regiments of Militia ——

Ammunition to sundry Regiments of Militia, for Exercise and Service -

Bro* forward from Fol. 73.

On Account of Debt 1783 On Acc' of - - - 1794

£. s. d.

05,272 5 4

55,683 3 4

9,896 4 2

926 5 —

5,668 8 9

120 — —

2,407 1 11

279 4 4

106,656 9 2

Total Unprovided

Ordnance

£. S. d. Vstnnuw.

12,lj2 lS —

161,777 17 10

8,195 10 8

762,046 13 6 106,935 13 6

868,982 7 —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1796.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINAR Y.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants, employed at the Tower - -

And at the following Places; ' Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D*, and for proving Guns Superintendant of Military Machines at D°

Hampton Court, and St. James's, Windsor and Green-.

vvich -

"Woolwich ——

Purfleet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Chatham - -'

Upnor Castle ——

Sheerness ——

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey - -

Dover ——

Portsmouth ——

Priddyshard ——

Plymouth ——

Keyham Point - -

IPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Berwick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort -Guernsey ——

Jersey -

Isle of Man - - - -. -

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ——

£. s. d.

15,709 18 —

2,076 5 —

1,37712 6

310 5 —

226 — ——

570 — —

605 2 6

255 — —

66317 6

14415 —

380 — —

58317 6

52317 6

.120 — —

82317 6

30317 6

65317 6

170 — "

430 —

448 2 6

448 2 6

100 — —

52017 —

£27,445 5 —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

Vol. 51.

s. d.

13,723 12 6 Pay

Ordnance

Estimate.

76

16° Novembris.

A. 17

r £. s. d.

North Britain ----- -- 554 10 —

Gibraltar - -- - 1,381 7 6

Corsica ----- ----- - 584 — —

Jamaica ----- ----- - 273 15 —

St. Christopher - -- 5S4

Antigua i ----- - 584

Dominica ----- ----- 584

St. Vincent ----- ----- - 584

Pay of Civil Officers Barbadoes - -- - 5S4

and Artificers at - ( Grenada 584

Tobago ----- ----- - 5S4

Martinico ----- ---- 584

St. Lucia - -- - 584

Bahama Islands . 219

Quebec 861 15 —

Halifax ----- ----- - CSo 10 —

Annapolis . 01 5 "

New Brunswick - -- C29 12 6

Pay of Master Gunn Gunners at St. Js k St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland - - - ers at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the imes's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for 693 10 —

Coals and Candles ----- - Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, ami 3,423 13 —

other Contingencies - -- - Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Castles, Garrisons, and other 18,000 —

Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ..... Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same at the several Barracks, retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Royal Military 15,000 —

Artificers, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ----- -- Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the Common Duty 3,ood

of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - ----- - 6,000 — —

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ----- --- 2,000

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ----- ----- Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 6,464 Men, £. s. d. Officers included - 178,031 11 — Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, consisting of 1,199 Men, Officers included, and 1,572 Horses 88,967 14 3 Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy 266,999 5 3

at Woolwich ----- ----- ---- Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and 2,327 15 —

Foreign Garrisons - Pay of superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, 3,633 5 —

and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's W'arrants -Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of 18,536 8 2

1,744,471/. if. id. being the Amount of this Estimate - 1 1 GO cT

Ordinary - - - - £. 378,094 n 11

EXTKAORDINARIES. 1796.

Newfoundland:

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Fuel for the Troops at St John's, Placentia, St. Pierre, and Miquelon

£. s.

3.000 ——

2.000 ----- .

£. s. d.

5,000 ——

Nova

36 Geo. III.

16° Novembris

77

Nova Scotia: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

New Brunswick: For Current Service, and Contingencies

Quebec:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Bermuda:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Bahama Islands: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Jamaica:

For Current Service, and Contingencies For a Supply of Stores -

£. s.

1,000 ——

5,000 ——

St. Christopher: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Dominica: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Barbadoes:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

St. Vincent:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

Grenada:

For Current Service, and Contingencies . ....

Mautinico:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Officers, for Service of the Islands in general

Expedition under the Command or Sir Ralph Abercrombie:

On Account of the Pay of Engineers, and Civil Officers, with a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Force's to the Leeward Islands, also for Contingencies -

St. Domingo:

On Account of the Pay of Engineers, and Civil Officers, with a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces, also for Contingencies -Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers -

Gibraltar:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works.

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works -For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines Contingencies in the Engineers Department -Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments

Jersey:

For Repairs and Contingencies - . - -

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

£. s. d.

15,000 ——

964 ia —

4,504 17 — 3,280 — —

16,800 ——

2,600 ——

2,000 ——

1,815 3 —

2,000 ——

964 12 —

Guernsey:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at

other Places in the Island - -- -- - 2,000 ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - 964 12 —

£. d.

3,000 ——

1,000 ——

2,000 — —

500 — —

500 ——

6,000 — —

2,000 ——

2,000 ——

5,000 ——

3,000

2,poo ——

5,000 ——

1,929 4 —

10,000 ——

15,964 12 —

30,000 ——

2,964 12 —

2,964 12 —

Vol.51.

X

Scotland

Ordnance

Estimate.

78

16° Novembris.

A. 1795.

Ordnanct

Estimate!

Scotland:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, £. s. d.

Current Service, and Contingencies ----- - 9,000 ——

For erecting a new Barrack in Edinburgh Castle - - - - 10,179 — —

North-East District:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Landguard Fort:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Cinque Ports:

For Repairs in the Division, and to strengthen the Works at Dover Castle, Current Service, and Contingencies -

Chatham:

For Repairs at Chatham, Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockhamwood, and Howness, Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - .

For Repairs of the Lines -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

£. s. d. 4,052 15 —

537 4 9 1,929 4 —

Sheerness:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

Gravesend and Tilbury:

For Repairs of the Works - -- 1,500 ——

On Account, for the Repair of Vessels, and Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury - -- 3,000 — —

Feversham:

For Repairs of the Buildings -

Portsmouth:

For Repairs of the Old Works and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and

various Places in the Division - 6,330 1 7

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort - - 3,000 — —

In further Part for building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner

Point in Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of the Navy - - 1,500 — —

To re-build the North and South Range of the Four House Barracks in

the Garrison - -- - 7,677 17 3

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

Gosport:

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines ... 3,859 2 7

In full of the Charge for necessary Repairs at the Lines, at Gosport,

Weevil, and Priddyshard - - - 1,898 3 —

For constructing a Bridge of Communication over Forton Lake, between the Lines of Weevil and Priddyshard - - - - 67334

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

Plymouth:

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Castles, and at Scilly

Island, Current Service, and Contingencies ----- 6,217 ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

Torbay:

Towards the Works on The Berry Head for Defence of Torbay -

Woolwich:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - 2,026-

For Additions to the Royal Laboratory, to the Hospitals, Surgeons Quarters, Barracks, and to a Storehouse, enlarging the Canteen, and erecting new Sheds for Carriages ----- --12,000 — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

f. i. d»

19,179 ——

1,000 ——

1,000 ——

24,171 8 11

6,519 3 9 4,500 ——

4,500 ——

6,000 — — -

20,437 2 10

8,359 12 11

8,146 4 —

5,000 ——

15,955 4 — Royal

36 Geo. III. 16° Novem 79

Royal Laboratory:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers - -

Waltham Abbey:

For Repairs of Buildings

Defence of the Coasts:

For repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence....

£.s. d.

9.000 ——

6.000 ——

16,071 ——

Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Royal Military Artificers:

For Contingencies of Artillery ——

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery -Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for the Royal Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery in Great Britain ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for the Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

On Account for Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in Great Britain -Pay of Five Companies of Royal Irish Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, consisting of 500 Men, Officers included -Pay of Half a Battalion of French Emigrant Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, consisting of 19 Field and Staff Officers, 4 Companies of Artillery, 4 Companies of Drivers, and 10 Officers attached

to the Corps -

For Contingencies of the Corps of French Emigrant Artillery -Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers, consisting of 19 Officers -On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Captain, Commissaries, and Drivers attached to the Parks of Artillery serving in England -On Account for the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Horses, for the Parks of Artillery in England, and for Contingencies -

£. s. d. 7,200 ——

3.000 ——

10,399 7 7 3,489 18 —

L772 9 —

5.000 ——

12,169 10 —

15,974 7 2

1.000 ——

2,726 14 —

10.000 ——

60.000 -

For the Supply of Regiments

Small Arms:

132,732 5 9

100,000 ——

Salt Petre:

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company

Extraordinaries -Ordinary - -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries -

8,000 ——

497,394 2 2

378,094 11 11

875,488 14 1

Unprovided

Debt to 31st December 1783 /Land Service ' 794lSea Service 1795 Land Service

£. s. d. 279 4 4

- 45,656 — 5

- 61,000 8 9

- 762,046 13 6

868,982 7 -

i,744,47i 1 1

Office of Ordnance,

16th November 1795. IV. Howe. A. Ross. J. Sargent.

M. Singleton. Tho Baillie.

Vol. 51.

Ordered,

Ordnance

Estimate.

Bill for Relief of the Poor incorporated \>j Acts of Parliament, presented.

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs ordered.

Land 'Pax Bill reported.

Malt Bill jepoi ted.

80 1(3" Novembris. A. 1795.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds and Districts in that part of Great Britain called Englandincorporated by divers

Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Dent, Mr. Thomas Stanley, and Mr. llobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from th® Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New in America,

from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of John, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st 1796:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Nra'foundland, from the 1st of April 1796 to the 1st of April 1797: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January to the 31st of December 1796: And also,

A Paper intituled, " Bermudas, or Somers Islands — " from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Island of Dominica — from the " 1st of January to the 31st December 1796: " And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 1 oth of October 1795 to the loth of October 1796: And also,

A Paper, intituled, "Totals of the Estimates 1796."

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth; viz.

Estimates, &c. presen ted.

Upper

Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

St. John'* Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermudas.

Dominica.

New' South Wales.

Totals.

36 Geo. III.

16° Novem

81

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796.

Upper

Canada.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General - -

Solicitor General - -

Two Judges of the Common Pleas, each 500l. Clerk of the Crown and Pleas Two Sheriffs, at 100l. per annum each Secretary and Register -

Clerk of the Council -

Surveyor of Lands (no Salary).

Receiver General of the Revenues Five Executive Counsellors, each 100l.

Naval Officer ——

Allowance towards building Churches -

Salary of the Bishop's Commissary -

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -

Agent ——

£. t. d.

2.000 ——

1,100 ——

300 ——

100 ——

1.000 ——

100 ——

200 ——

300 — — 100 ——

200 ——

500 ——

100 ——

500 ——

150 ——

250 ——

_>00 -

Total

7,100

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in Nova scotia

America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer -

Allowance to a Bishop -

D* - to Ministers -

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England To the Reverend Mr. Bennet, as in the preceding Estimate -To the Reverend Mr. Breynton, D* ——

To the Reverend Dr. Brown, Minister of the Presbyterian College at Halifax, until otherwise provided for ——

To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the House of Assembly ——

Mrs. Cottnam's Annuity -

Allowance to the Superintendent of the Fishery ——

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit ——

Agent ——

Total - - - £.

£. a. d.

1,000 ——

850 — —

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

50 ——

700 ——

965 ——

75 ——

100 ——

150 ——

75 ——

100 ——

100 — — 200 — —

200 ——

200 ——

5,415 ——

Vol. 51.

V

82

16° Novem

A. 1795.

New

Brunswick.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, io

America, from the 34th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797.

The Salary of the lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice -

Three Assistant Judges, at 300l. per annum each -Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers - - .

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia's Commissary in New Brunswick -Allowance, on Account, for Contingencies ——

Agent - - ....

£. s.

1,000 ——

500 ——

qoo ——

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

700 — —

1.50 ——

500 ——

150 ——

Total

4,55<J ——

St. John 3 Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of John, in America,

from the 1st of January to the 31st December 179G.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer - -

Provost Marshal ——

Minister ——

Surveyor General ——

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council D* - - D° -Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit -Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent ——

Total

£. s. d.

5°o ——

300 — — 100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

70 ——

100 ——

90 ——

60 ——

100 ——

130 ——

100 ——

1,900 ——

Cape Breton. ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Justice -

Attorney General -Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council

Minister....

Surveyor General -

Naval Officer ——

Provost Marshal -

Allowance, upon Account, for Contingencies -Agent -

£. s. d. 500 — —

300 ——

100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

100 -

100 ——

100 ——

200 ——

150 ——

Total

1,800 ——

36 Geo. III.

16° Novemb.

83

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of licnfoundland, from the

1st of April 1796 to the 1st of April 1797.

The Salary of the Governor ....

Governor's Secretary - - *

Judge of the Admiralty Naval Officer ..

Allowance to the Missionary at St. John's -Allowance, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit Agent ——

£. i. d.

500 — — 182 10 —

200 ——

100 ——

50 ——

loo ——

100 ——

1,232 10 —

N. B. — The Expence of the Court of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction cannot be ascertained, as the Fees to be received in the Island are to go in Aid thereof.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Inland* in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January to the 31st of December 1796.

Additional Salary to the Governor - - - «. - -

Salary of the Chief Justice ——

Two Assistant Judges, at 20o7. per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - - - *

Attorney General - - . - *

Provost Marshal - - - *

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -

Minister ——

Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthra -Three Missionaries to the other Islands, 70/. each -

Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband, Edmund Rush Wegg, the late Attorney General ——

D* to replace the Sums advanced at different Times to relieve her immediate and pressing Wants, occasioned by the Illness with which her Family has been afflicted -Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government - - *

Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent B.....*

Total

- £.

£. s. d.

800 ——

500 ——

400 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

7o ----- *

70 ——

210----

150 ——

100 — - -

700 ——

300 ——

150 ——

4,200 ——

BERMUDAS, or Somers Island* — from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797.

Salary of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt

£. s. d.

500 ——

80 ——

580 ——

Vol. 51.

Newfound*

land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda*.

84

16° Novembris.

A. 1795.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Totals.

ISLAND of Dominica — from the 1st'of January to the 31st December 1796.

Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island

£.600 ——

To cease when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South from the 10th of

October 1795 to the 10th of October 1796.

Salary of the Governor -

Lieutenant Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Commissary ——

Provost Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor - - ....

For Stationary ——

Chaplain ——

Surgeon - -

Four Mates, at 91/. 5 s. each ——

Assistant ——

Surveyor of Lands ——

Boat Builder -

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island ——

Additional Salary, to be reduced to 100l. when Lieutenant Governor King shall be promoted in the Line of his Profession -

Assistant Chaplain -

Deputy Commissary of Stores - -

Deputy Commissary of Stores at Norfolk Island -

Assistant Storekeeper - -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands - - - -.- - -

Twelve Superintendents of Convicts, at 50/. per Annum each, as in the preceding Estimate -

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in Consideration of his meritorious Services -

Upon Account, for Fees and Audit -

Agent - -

Total - -

£. s. d.

1,000 ——

2,50 ——

182 10 — 182 10 —

5 —

9l 5 — 20 — — -182 10 — 182 To —

365 ——

50 ——

182 10 —

91 5 —

250 ——

200 ——

146 ——

91 5 —

91 5 —

50 ——

91 5 —

600 ——

500 ——

200 ——

i5o ——

5,241 ——

TOTALS OF THE ESTIMATES, 179G.

/ — £. s. d.

Upper Canada - 7,100

Nova Scotia 5,415

New Brunswick - - «. _ 4.550 -- —

Island of Saint John - 1,900

Cape Breton 1,800

Newfoundland 1,232 10 —

Bahama Islands - 4,200 —

Bermudas - - - 580

Dominica - 600

New South Wales £. 5,241 32,618 10 —

36 Geo. III. 16° Novembris. 85

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill for per- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third nutting the Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue an Act Importation for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown

nt (ircmnympfl jt o " _

Silk, ^c. Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships

passed. or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in

Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

First Report Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, who from Select are appointed to take into Consideration the present on the'hi^h high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative Price of Corn, thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it should appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the same, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Com, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

Proceeded, in the First Instance, to consider such Information as had been already collected concerning the same.

They examined, for this Purpose, the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council, upon this Subject. They received from Sir John Sinclair, One of the Members of the Committee, the Substance of such Accounts of the State of the late Crop of Grain, as the Correspondence of the Board of Agriculture had enabled them, at the present Period, to collect. They had further the Opportunity of receiving from many of their Members a Statement of Facts within their own Knowledge, or communicated by respectable Authorities from their different Counties.

They have received also from His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, such Returns as had been hitherto made to the circular Letter written by him, by His Majesty's Command, to the Custodes Rotuloru and Sheriffs Depute in England and Scotland, desiring them to obtain Meetings of the Magistrates for the Purpose of procuring an Account of the State of the late Crop: But these Returns are not as yet sufficiently numerous or complete to lead to any precise Conclusion.

On the Whole, however, the general Information derived from the Sources above-mentioned, satisfied your Committee, that, the Crop of other Sorts of Grain than Wheat has been upon the Whole abundant; but that the Produce of Wheat has proved so far deficient, as to require the Adoption of the speediest and most effectual Measures for the Remedy or Alleviation of so great an Evil. They were therefore of Opinion, that they should best perform their Duty by directing v their immediate Attention to the Consideration of such

Vol. 51.

Measures; and have, on that Account, deferred for the present pursuing a detailed Enquiry into the exact Amount of such Deficiency; but they propose to report the same more particularly to the House, when they shall have received such further Information as may enable them to collect more fully the general Opinion, upon a Point which they are sensible it is impossible at any Time to ascertain with any great Degree of Accuracy.

The First and most obvious Mode of supplying this Deficiency is, the Importation of Grain from Foreign Parts — and for the Purpose of forming an Opinion as to what may be the Prospect of Supply from thence, and the most expedient Means to be adopted for procuring it, your Committee proceeded to examine such Persons, from whose Knowledge and Experience in the Trade of Corn they could expect the best Information. It appeared, from their concurrent Testimony, that, though the Crop of Wheat in the United States of America, and in the Countries bordering upon the Mediterranean, was represented as abundant; and in the Northern and Eastern Parts of Europe as not materially deficient; yet, as the old Stock was much exhausted, and the Demand great, the Price, according to the last Advices, was every where uncommonly high. But, though there was upon this Point some Difference of Opinion, it appeared upon the Whole very doubtful whether a Supply, to any considerable Extent, could be depended upon from Foreign Parts, whatever Measures might be adopted. Your' Committee next proceeded to enquire what Measures, in the Judgment of these Persons, afforded the best Probability of obtaining such a Supply. They thought it right to bring distinctly under their Consideration the Alternative of leaving the whole Care of such Purchases to the Executive Government, who would (it was conceived) be in such Case the only Purchasers, and be publicly known to be so; or of leaving the same to the Speculation of individual Merchants encouraged by a liberal Bounty on Importation, and by a public Declaration on the Part of Government (as soon as such Declaration shall be practicable) of the Quantity which they may then have at their Disposal in consequence of former Orders, and of their Intention to give no further Orders for the Purchase of Corn, and to sell what may have been procured in limited Quantities, and at the Market Price. It appeared to your Committee to be the preponderant Opinion amongst those Persons to whom this Alternative was stated, that, upon the Whole, the Restoration of the Trade in Corn to its natural Channel, with the additional Encouragement of a Bounty, was the most eligible Mode of endeavouring to procure from Foreign Parts such Supplies as those Markets might be found able to furnish. Your Committee were further confirmed in this Opinion by the Information they received from some of their Members, that there were Merchants who had stated to them their Readiness, under those Circumstances, to engage in Speculations to a large Extent. After a full Consideration and Discussion of this important Point, your Committee were of Opinion, " That it was expedient for the Executive Government to desist from making any " further Purchases of Com; and that a Bounty should " be granted upon the Importation of certain Sorts of " Grain into this Country, for the Encouragement of " Private Speculation."

Your Committee next proceeded to the Consideration of the Amount and Distribution of such Bounty. They had been informed, that, from the Abundance of the Crop of Wheat in the Countries bordering upon the Mediterranean, there might be a considerable disposable Surplus in those Markets; but that, from the high Price of Freight and Insurance from those Ports, and from the Difficulty of procuring Shipping to go thithar in Ballast, a larger Bounty would be

Z required

86 16° Novembris. 1795.

required to encourage private Speculation in that Quarter than in any other; they were therefore of Opinion, That a Bounty of Twenty Shillings Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than 440 lb. Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than 1961b. Avoirdupois, which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Port of Europe South of Cape , or from

any Port in the Mediterranean, or in , before the 31st Day of August 1796; until the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall equal 300,000 Quarters.

They were further satisfied, upon the best Information they could collect, that from the other Parts of

Europe, and from America, a Bounty of Fifteen Shillings

ppr Quarter upon a certain Quantity of Wheat, and of Tqn Shillings per Quarter upon all exceeding it, would be sufficient to give a fair Chance of procuring for the British Markets a large Proportion of whatever Supply those Countries might be expected to furnish beyond their own Consumption: And they were therefore of Opinion, That a Bounty of Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than 440 lb. Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than 196 lb. Avoirdupois, which shall be imported from all other Parts of Europe, before the 31st Day of August 1796; pptil the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall equal 500,000 Quarters. Your Committee were also of Opinion, That a Bounty of Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, and 9. proportional Bounty per parrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than 440 lb. Avoirdupois, or on any dumber of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than 196 lb. Avoirdupois, which shall be imported from any of His Majesty's Colonies in , or from the United States, before the 31st of August 1796; qqtil the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall equal 500,000 Quarters. Your Committee were also of Opinion, That a Bounty of Ten Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per parrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than 440 lb. Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than 1961b. Avoirdupois, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 31st Day of August 1796, and oh which none of the before-mentioned Bounties shall have been paid.

Your Committee being convinced that if a considerable Quantity of Indiap Corn could be obtained (which from the Abundance of that Crop appeared not improbable) it would afford a material Relief, were also of Opinion, That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Indian Com, or on any Number of Barrels of Indian Meal, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 31st Day of August 1796; until the Quantity of such Indian Corn and Meal, taken together, shall eqyal 500,000 Quarters. Your Committee were also of Opinion, That a. Bounty of Three Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Indian Cor on any Number. oft Barrels of Indian ‘Meal, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 31st Day of August 1796; and on which the before-mentioned Bounty shall not have been paid.

Your Committee have some Reason to believe, that there may appear such a Deficiency in the Crop of Pye, as may lead to the Application of similar Measures for the Encouragement of the Importation of tpat Species of Grain, as have beep recompiended respecting Wheat; but they do not yet consider their Information upon that Point as sufficient to authprjze.

them, at the present Moment, to report any Opinion to that Effect.

Your Committee have thought it incumbent upon them, humbly to suggest such Measures as have hitherto appeared, in their Judgment, the most likely to facilitate the procuring without Loss of Time, in the least exceptionable Manner, and on the least unreasonable Terms, the largest Supply of Grain from Foreign Parts, which in the present relative State of the Markets they can be expected to afford. It was particularly with a View to Expedition that they have suggested the proposed Plan of arranging the Bounty. But they feel it at the same Time their indispensable Duty expressly to state, that they are far from entertaining an Opinion that any Supply by Importation can be depended upon to such an Amount as to remove the Necessity of recurring to every other practicable and reasonable Mode by which the present Scarcity may be relieved; and particularly of attending to strict Economy in the Consumption of Wheat and Flour, and of promoting the Substitution, to a certain Extent, of other Articles of Food.

They intend to proceed immediately to the Consideration of these and of other Parts of this extensive and important Subject; and will, with the Permission of the House, report, from Time to Time, such Opinions as they may be enabled to form thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, be now read the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Sargent:

'Mr. Ju-

nior,

[Mr. Jekyll:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

170.

2.6.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Christian - 1

Tellers for the Noes, < wen, > 25.

[Mr. Lambton: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next" and inserting the *Words " Wednesday " Sevennight " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next " stand Part of the- Question;

It was resolved in thg Affirmative.

Then the nfajq Question, being put;.

Ordered>

Committee on high Price of Corn, deferred.

Bill foi the

Safety of His Majesty's Person, dec. read.

° Ntivemhris

87

36 Geo. III. 16° — 17

Ordered, That the said Bill be teed a Second Tittle upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Motion for a A Motion was made, and the Question being put, e^dre^inU)10 ^at a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Oitimis" Existence, Extent, and Danger, of the Seditious Meet-Meeting*. ings and Assemblies of the People, referred to in His Majesty's Proclamation of the 4th November Instant, and which was laid before this House by His Majesty's Command;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, *"'} -

Tellers for the Noes, }l67-

So it passed in the Negative.

Way* and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to MeMs, de- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, err ' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the 9aid Committee.

Supply, d»- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the sadd Committee.

Bill toprohi- The Order of the Day being read, for the Honse to bittbemak- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jn8 of Starch upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the *c!deferred! ttiaking of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof;

Resolved, That this Bouse will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited " Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from " Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain; " or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home " Consumption, on Payment- of Duty;" and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, was committed;

And the House having continued to sat- till after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Report be received this Day.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this' House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned tiH this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, Ac. deferred.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, deferred.

Vol. 51.

Mbrtis, 17* die;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1795.

Praters.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widehing the Roads froth Sheet " Bridge to Portsmouth, and froirt Petkrsfield to thfe " Alton Turnpike Road, neat R&pley, in the County " of Southampton,u was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That much Progress has beeh made in amending the said Roads, and a corisiderable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, Part Whereof is ndW due; and that the said Debt Cannot be wholly paid off, and the Roads effectually amended, Widened; arid kept ih Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be eontiriued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purjjoses aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, kS to the House shall seem meet.

Otdkted, That the said Petition be deferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mattel1 thereof; arid report the some, as it shat! appear to them, to the House:

And il is deferred to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, (it.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mriming, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, of otherwise interested in the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and rither Commonable Places, within the Parish of Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietor of Lands, in the said Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of any great Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners* and Proprietors concerned, if the said Common Fields, Common Downs, and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares- allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Estates and Interests therein*: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Downs, and Waste Lands, itt tile said Parish of Nether Wallop, in such MattDefvattd under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given* to bring' in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition': And that Sif William Heathcote and Mrl Chute do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the" Right honourable' Henry Lord Steetoell, Baron‘of- Somerton, in the County of Somerset, and the' humble Petition of the several otheh Persons, whose Names' are thereunto subscribed- on Behalf of themselves ants* others, being Proprietors of, or having Rights in; the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within or belonging, or appertaining, to the several Tythirigs or Hamlets of Mitchelmersh, Braishfield, emd Azobridge, in the Manor

Sheet Bridge, Portsmouth, and Peters-held Roads Petition.

Nether Wallop Inclosure Petition.

Mitchelmersh and Timsbury Inclosure Petition.

88 .17 Novembris. A: 1795.

and Parish of Mitchelmersh in the County of ampton, and in the Manor and Parish of in

the said County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within or belonging to the said Tythings or Hamlets of Mitchelmersh, Braishfield, and Awbridge, several Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, belonging to some of the Petitioners and to other Persons, and the Petitioners and several other Persons, Owners of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Tythings or Hamlets, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the said Parish and Manor of Mitchelmersh; and that there are also certain other Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, belonging to others of the Petitioners, and the said Petitioners, and several other Persons, Owners of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the said Manor and Parish of Timsbury; and that the Properties of the several Persons interested in, and entitled to, the said Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested in the said Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the said respective Hamlets, Parishes, and Manors, and also beneficial to the Public, if the same were respectively divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Basing and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Mappleder- thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or other-

sure Petition w*se 'nterested in the Common Fields, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of any great Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors concerned, if the said Common Fields in the several Parishes of Basing and together with the Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares allotted them, in Proportion to their several and respective Estates and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Waste Lands in the said several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederxvell, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Chief Petitions Citizens, of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Yarmmith Setting forth, That the Petitioners, conscious of the respecting' manifold Blessings resulting from the unremitting Care Seditious and Attention of our most Gracious Sovereign to the Meetings. Welfare and Interests of His People, at the same Time contemplating with Abhorrence the insidious Designs and open Violence of Factious Associations to disturb the Tranquillity of His equitable Government, thus humbly pray the House to devise and establish such Measures, as the Wisdom of their Councils may determine, for the effectual Protection of His Majesty's sacred Person, and for the Security of our most excellent Constitution: Impressed with a just Sense of Parliamentary Zeal and Ability to suggest such salutary Means as may avert the impending Danger, the Petitioners beseech the Acceptance of their own Assurances to promote the Effect of such Resolves of the House by the influence of Example, and the Vigour of Exertion.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Inhabitants of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long observed, with Indignation and Horror, the rapid Strides which have been made, by the Disaffected in this Kingdom, to overturn the venerable Fabric of our Constitution, and to involve the Country in Rebellion and Misery;

That Public Meetings have been held, in which Sedition and Discontent, by Inflammatory Harangues, have been propagated amongst our Fellow Subjects:

That the Veil of Reform, under which these Proceedings have been disguised, being at length drawn aside, the Petitioners humbly intreat that the House, in its Wisdom, will adopt such Measures as may be necessary to secure the Person of the Sovereign from Insult, and the People in the peaceable Possession of their Constitution.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Land Tax Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting an Bl11 Passed-Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Malt Bill Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and Pas*ed-granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Bill to continue Act for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, See. deferred.

Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, deferred.

Petition from

Edinburgh,

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings, committed.

36 Geo. III. 17° — 18° Novembris. 89

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited* an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, " the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, " Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from " any Meal, Flour, or Bran j and for permitting " Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for " Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, " on Payment of Duty and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1795.

Praters.

ALEXANDER Charles John Henry Boue, ai-

Charles Albrecht, and John Henry Freese, took the brccht, and Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization. Freese,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have beheld, with the utmost Horror and Detestation, the late Tumultuous and Seditious Meetings of Persons taking upon them the Name of Societies, and others, whose Principles and Doctrines, hostile to all good Government and Civil Subordination, have a direct Tendency to mislead and inflame the Minds of those who attend such Meetings, as well as others, by many Seditious Publications, circulated and distributed with great Zeal and Industry, against His Majesty's Person and Government: That to these Seditious Meetings and Publications may justly be attributed the most daring and criminal Outrages that were lately committed, Jo the Danger of His Majesty's sacred Person in going to, and returning from, Parliament: That, in order to prevent a Repetition of such Outrage and Insult to His Majesty, as well as to preserve our glorious Constitution, it appears at this Juncture to be necessary for Parliament to adopt such Measures as may effectually prevent such Seditious Meetings and Publications tending to High Treason: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and to do therein what in their great Wisdom they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Solicitor Gene- neral, <-213.

Mr. Neville: J

Teller, for the Noes, } 43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative-.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the stud Bill.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Chief Petition from Burgesses, of the Borough of Nexvpo in the Isle of e"t'm ^he" Wight, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to saleofCorn, the House, and read; Setting forth, That observing, by the Votes of the House, that a Committee is appointed to take into Consideration the present Corn Laws, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that, in their Opinion, an effectual Means of lessening the present high Price of Corn, will be by prohibiting the Sale of Com by Sample, and of course to compel the Farmer to bring his Corn to Market; and that, within the last Ten Years, this Practice of bringing by Sample has become almost universal, and few Loads of Corn are now seen in the Market at Newport, whereas, some few Years back, Two hundred Waggon Loads have been frequently seen there on a Market Day: That the good Effects of bringing the Corn to Market were, that a poor Person might buy a Sack, or small Quantity fitted to his Purse, at the first and cheapest Hand, and, besides, that it contributes to lower the Price, for, the Corn being brought to Market, the Farmer was content to sell it cheaper, rather than carry it back again; and another good and pleasing Effect was produced, that it tended to shew the Stock and Abundance of the Country, when the Farmers from the different Parts exhibited their Stores to Public View: And therefore praying, That the Practice of selling Corn by Sample may be discountenanced by the House, and that such other Measures for reducing the Price of Com may be adopted, as the Wisdom of the House shall suggest

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Cora.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill to upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, j^u^of6 the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of surctfirom Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation Wheat, &c. of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker4eft the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for the

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to more expetii-Order, a Bill for the more expeditious and regular Con- u^eo"f veyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members \Vnt\ pre-

A a to sented.

90 18° — -19° Novejnbris. A. 1795.

to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Evolved, That die Bill be read a Second Time Jovw, die Novembris;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Anno 36* Georgii IIIMl Regis, 1795.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to on high Price resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Corn. consider further of the present high Price of Com;

Report Ordered, That the Report which, upon Monday last,

referred. was made from the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

deferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Bill to pro- whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation Mrtntion'of" of Candles and Soap, for a Time to be limited.

Candles and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Soap. Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Williams , Alvescot

Esquire, the surviving Trustee of the Estates of J>1'L'l°8ure Robert Fettiplace, Esquire, for the Benefit of his Cre- eUUon-

ditors, Proprietor of the Manor of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford, and also Proprietor of Part of the Commonable Lands within the said Manor and Parish of A Ivescot, the Reverend William Montagu Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Alvescot aforesaid, and the several other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands, which lie so inter mixed and inconveniently situated, as, in their present State, to admit of very little Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments to and amongst the said Proprietors, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Rights and Interests therein respectively, great Advantages would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the* House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Francis Annesley and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for naturalizing John Henry Freese, was read Freese's Nat. a Second Time. '?n1'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, nut Mr. Francis Annesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bout and Boue's and

John Henry Charles Albrecht, was read a Second A'brecht's rp* 7 Nat. Bill

1 line, committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Francis Annesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Royal Houses and Goods from Fire, was presented to the Exchange House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners p^[^"ce and their Successors are, by virtue of a Charter of his late Majesty King George the First, bearing Date at Westminster the 29th Day of April, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, and in the Year of our Lord 1721, empowered to make any Assurance or Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Assurance or Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, in England, Wales, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Kingdom of Ireland, or any other of the King's Dominions, beyond the Seas, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, from Fire; and that Doubts have arisen, and may arise, whether, under the said Charter, the said Royal Exchange Assurance, and their Successors, have Power to make Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, in any Parts except those recited in the said Charter;

and

1

36 Geo. III.

19° Novemb

91

and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if they and their Successors were empowered to make such Assurance, many considerable Assurances would be effected, which are now done in Foreign Parts, and many Persons resident Abroad be induced to make Insurances to a

Seater Amount than can be effected under the present oubts as to the Powers granted by the above Charter, which would evidently add to the Security of the Commercial Intercourse, and greatly increase the Revenue, of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make all and every the said Assurance and Assurances of any Life or Lives, or for any Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, in all Parts and Places whatsoever within His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere, in like Manner, and to the same Extent, as they are empowered to do by the said Charter, in the Places therein specified, subject to such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Lushington, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

London A Petition of the Corporation called The London

Assurance Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was pre-

Petition110" sente^ to House, and read; Setting forth, That e ,on‘ the Petitioners are, by virtue of their Charter of his late Majesty King George the First, empowered to make any Contract for any Assurance or Assurances of any Life or Lives, or for any Assurance or Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Kingdom of Ireland, or within any other of the King's Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, from Fire; and that Doubts have arisen, and may arise, whether, under the said Charter, the Petitioners have Power to make Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, in any Parts except those recited in the said Charter: And therefore praying, That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make all and every the said Assurances of Houses and Goods from Fire in all Parts and Places whatsoever, in like Manner, and to the same extent, as they are empowered to do by the said Charter, in the Places therein specified.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Lushington, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition.

Montgomery, A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the &c. Poor Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Parishes, ingrossed Chapelries, and Townships, united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to provide Houses, and other Buildings and Conveniences, for the Reception and Voj.. 51.

Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, and to borrow and raise a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Expences thereof; and that the Petitioners have caused Houses, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, to be erected and made accordingly, and have borrowed and expended the Whole of the Money they are by the said Act authorized to borrow and raise for those Purposes, but find it will require a further Sum to finish and complete the Whole of the Works necessary to be done for the Reception and Employment of the said Poor; and the Petitioners also, find, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act, in order to enable them to carry the Purposes thereof into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for finishing and completing the said Works, and for amending the said Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ryder, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to pro-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to hibit the prohibit the Exportation of Candles and Soap, for a Exportation Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments °nd t"‘apS which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which reported, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Hill to pro-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to I,iblt the prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of starchVom Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and Wheat, &c. for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, reported, and of other Articles made thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

Mr. Ryder, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Pricp to consider further of the present high Price of0 or D Com, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

Table:

Petition

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

92 19® Novembris. A. 1795.

Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than Four hundred and Forty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Port of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, or from any Port in the Mediterranean, or in Africa, before the 31st Day of August 1796, until the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall equal 300,000 Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than Four hundred and Forty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be imported from all other Parts of Europe before the 31st Day of August 1796, until the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall equal 500,000 Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than Four hundred and Forty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be imported from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or from the United States, before the 31st Day of August 1796, until the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall equal 500,000 Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Ten Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Wheat, weighing not less than Four hundred and Forty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, or on any Number of Barrels of Flour, weighing not less than One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 31st Day of August 1796, and on which none of the before-mentioned Bounties shall have been paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Indian Corn, or on any Number of Barrels of Indian Meal, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 31st Day of August 1796, until the Quantity of such Indian Corn and Meal, taken together, shall equal 500,000 Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Three Shillings per Quarter, and a proportional Bounty per Barrel, should be given on any Number of Quarters of Indian Corn, or on any Number of Barrels of Indian Meal, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 31st Day of August 1796, and on which the before-mentioned Bounties shall not have been paid.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners have observed, with great Concern, the Attempts which have been made to disturb the Public Tranquillity by various Seditious Meetings which have been held in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis, whose obvious Tendency has been to inflame the Minds of the People, and excite them to commit Outrages, and to which Meetings the Petitioners attribute the late daring and atrocious Attack upon the Person of our most Gracious Sovereign:

And therefore entreating the House to adopt such Measures, for a limited Time, as in their Wisdom shall be deemed most expedient for suppressing all Tumultuous and Seditious Afeetings, and for the better Security of His Majesty's Person and Government.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of London the City of London attended at the Door; they were small Debt*,

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Petition*

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth,

That an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for " the recovering of small Debts, and for relieving the " poor Debtors in London, *'and an Act was passed, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act; and that the said Acts have been found defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall

O *

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Lushington, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Bill forth* Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Safety of intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty'* His Majesty's Person and Government against treason- COI"" able and seditious Practices and Attempts;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {JJj; A^tmhtr} 6«-

Tellers for the Noes, {J£; «.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Mitchel-mersh and Timsbunr Inclosure Bill, presented.

Freese's Nat. Bill reported.

Boue's and Albrecht's Nat. Bill reported.

Lancaster Marsh Embanking and Drainage Petition.

3 Geo. III. 19u — 2CT JVovembris.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dent and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1795. Prayers.

SIR William Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets of Mitchelmersh, and

in the Manor and Parish of , and within the Manor and Parish of Tim, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Henry Freese, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bout, and John Henry Charles Albrecht, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Vill or Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of several other Persons, being Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Township of Lancaster, a certain stinted Common Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, are seised in Fee of the said Marsh, and the Petitioners and divers other Persons, being Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Town, are entitled to Grass or Cattle Gates upon the said Marsh; and that the said Marsh is subject to be overflowed by the Sea, and also by Land Floods, and, in its present uncultivated State, is not of that Benefit to the Petitioners as it would be if properly embanked and drained, and put into a State of Cultivation, and otherwise improved, and the Rents and Profits arising therefrom applied to the Use and Benefit of such Persons as are or may become entitled to Grass or Cattle Gatfcs thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving the said Marsh, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

And the House being informed, that the Works referred to in the said Petition were not proposed to be earned on by Tolls or Duties;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Vol. 51.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Tax Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, Bill, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords. have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Malt Bill, Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for per-Act to continue an Act for permitting the Importation muting the of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging silk,&c. to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to pro-Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, ,libit l)ie Ex-and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, of

and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. m^',7 by°

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to pro-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit the Mbit the Ex-Exportation of Candles and Soap, for a Time to be {?ar^|^na®j limited, be now read. sap passed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles,

Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed, the Mayor, Petition ' Recorder, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the City of 1^11"^'u,e Rochester, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the Safety of His' House, and read; Setting forth. That, by sundry Pro- Majesty's visions in a Bill now before the House, intituled, Person, &c.

A Bill for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Prac- tjOHS \[tet. tices and Attempts, the Petitioners observe, with in^s.

Grief, that the ancient and wholesome Statute of Treasons of the Twenty-fifth Edward III. is altered, and new Treasons enacted: That, whenever by the bad Administration of Government, or their own Imprudence, Parliaments have been induced to depart from this plain and clear Declaration of Treasons, and to alter the general Law respecting them, as there set forth, our Forefathers have always returned to it with increased Conviction of its Certainty and Sufficiency j

for the Protection, as well of the Person and Prerogative of the King as of the Liberties of the People; j

that, by other Provisions of the said Bill, the Crime ]

of Sedition is uncertainly defined, and a new and harkher Punishment, in Imitation of the severe and {

arbitrary Scots Law, introduced for it: That, by the Provisions in a Bill now also before the House, purporting to be for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, the Petitioners conceive a violent and dangerous Attack is made on the undoubted Right of the People to petition the

B b King.

Bill to prohibit the making of Starch from Wheat, Sec. passed.

94 20 Novembris. 1795.

King or Parliament for Redress of their Grievances, by subjecting the Meetings necessary for the Considerations of such Grievances, and framing such Petitions, to new and inconvenient Regulations, guarded by severe Penalties, and unknown to our Ancestors and to the Laws of the Land; also by giving vague and discretionary Powers to Magistrates, for the most Part appointed by the Crown and removable at its Pleasure, to prevent any Discussion at their Will, to dissolve such Meetings, and to imprison those who may be present there: That, in both the said Bills, a Latitude of Expression is used in defining the Acts constituting the Crime of Sedition, which may be made to include every Notice of Public Measures, other than approbationary, and is therefore utterly subversive of the Freedom of the Pen, of the Press, and of Speech: That, though the late detestable Outrage against the Royal Person has been used as a Pretence for these Innovations, yet the Petitioners cannot help observing, that the Force of the Laws does not appear to them to have been adequately resorted to, nor the Civil Power to have been duly exerted at the Time, and that it is unfair to conclude from thence, that those Powers, when properly exerted, are insufficient: That the Petitioners are satisfied, from the Experience of Ages, and especially from that of the past Century, during Part of which a great and alarming Disaffection pervaded all Ranks of People, which extended not only to the King's Government, but to his Title and Person, and excited Two formidable Rebellions in the Heart of the Realm, that the present Laws, duly and vigorously administered, are fully adequate to the Punishment of Treason and Sedition, as well as to the keeping of the Peace, and the Protection of His Majesty's Person; and the Petitioners declare their Readiness, in their several Capacities, to enforce them for those Purposes to the utmost of their Power: That the People of this Country being, in general, undoubtedly loyal to His Majesty, and well affected to the Constitution, ought not, collectively, to suffer an Abridgment of their Rights and Liberties for the Act, however atrocious, of a few desperate and obscure Individuals: That the Effect of these Bills will be to destroy all Freedom of Complaint against Oppressions of Laws or Government, however well founded; to annihilate, in Substance, the Fifth Article of the Declaration of Rights; and to create, in Consequence, the most alarming Discontents among His Majesty's Subjects: The Petitioners therefore entreat the House, as they wish to transmit to their Posterity the unimpaired Liberties of their Ancestors, to preserve in the People their Reverence for the Constitution, and to merit their Respect as faithful Guardians of their Rights, to resist all Attempts, under whatever Pretences, to abridge their Liberties, and, specially, not to pass the said Bills.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made therof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat, and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, " the making of Low M ines or Spirits from Wheat, " Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from " any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting " Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses " for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Dutyand to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be teceived upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Pill for the better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds and Districts in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Returns of His Majesty's Land Forces, as they were effective, and paiil in November 1794, including Artillery, Cavalry, regular Marching Regiments, Independent Companies, Fencible Regiments, and Companies of Infantry and Cavalry, and Foreign Emigrants; together with Returns of all Volunteer local Corps, and Corps of Yeomanry, with an Account of what Pay, Clothing, and Allowances they receive, and on what Conditions; and also Returns of the same, made up to the 1st Day of August last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the General and Staff Officers, whether British or Foreign, who have been employed and paid under the Earl of Moira, with an Account of their Pay and Allowances.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of all General and Staff Officers w ho have been employed in the Service of ills Majesty, and in His Pay, under the Count D'Artois, Prince of Condi-, or any other French General, with an Account of their several Allowances.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, from 2,>th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar and in Corsica, and a Corps of Foot in Nav South Wales, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Bill to continue Act for prohibiting the milking of Spirits from Wheat, due. deferred.

Bill for the better Relief of the Poor incorporated by Acts of Parliament, committed.

Returns of Land Forces, Volunteer Corps, &c. ordered.

Return of

Officers under the Karl of Moira, ordered.

Return of Officers under Count D'Artois, &c. ordered.

Committee of Supply.

Estimates, &c. referred.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

36 Geo. III.

20° Novembris.

95

General and Stall'Officers, &c.

Difference between British and Irish Pay.

Troops in East India.

Additional to D'.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, serving with the'Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both

FenciMe

Cavalry.

and Jersey, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 25th

inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of certain Allowances, Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and &c-1,r I-)J-Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, &c.

December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Extra Feed for being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee. the said Corps, for the Year 1796, be referred to the Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the said Committee.

Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1796, Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1796 — Land Service, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee. be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Additionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act

~ "for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or

" Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the

belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of

Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in Forces; or certain Allowances to the Non-commis- the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for sioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces;

Subsistence paid to Innkeepers, &c.

Staff Officers, &c. on General Clarke's Expedition.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, Ac. Ac.

and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers

raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Upper

and others on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1796, defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Canada.

Half Pay.

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Clarke, for the Year 1796, be referred

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps and of Draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymasters Genera), for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Upper Canada, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Nova Scotia, ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of New Unms-defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of "ick-New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th June 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of st. John's defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Island. Saint John, in America, from the 1st of January to the 31st December 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Cape Breton, the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th June 1796 to the 24th 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying Xewfound-the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, land.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half from the 1st of April 1796 to the 1st of April 1797, be Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, referred to the said Committee.

Embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry.

Contingencies, Ac. for

D°.

Clothingfor the Militia.

in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Isle of Man, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men thereof, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 5i.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying NaiK,„la the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Island?. America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January to the 31st of December 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Bermudas, or i$ermui|asSomers Islands, from the 24th June 1796 to the " 24th June 1797," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Island of Dominica. " Dominica, from the 1st of January to the 31st " December 1796," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- j^ew Smith fraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, Wales, from the 10th of October 1795, to the 10th of October 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committtee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Letter of Service for raising the 109th Regiment ordered.

Westbury

Writ.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Alvescot Inclosure Bill presented.

Lancaster Marsh Embanking and Drainage Bill presented.

Freese's Nat. Bill passed.

Boue's and Albrecht's Nat. Bill passed.

96 20® — 23° Novembris. . 1795.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, That they j^ad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Thomas Stanley also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter of Service for raising the 109th (or Aberdeenshire) Regiment, commanded by Colonel

Hay.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Samuel Senior, Esquire,

deceased.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 23* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III. U Regis, 1795.

Praters.

MR. Francis Anneslty presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for.dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Alvescot, in the County, of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Henry Freese was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Freese.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Alexander Charles Boue and John Henry Charles Albrecht, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bout and John Henry Charles Albrecht.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Gosport, and Parish of Alverstoke, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, observing, with Sorrow, that tumultuous and seditious Meetings are held from Time to Time in various Places, with Horror beholding the atrocious and alarming Effects which they believe have frequently arisen from the Doctrines promulgated at such Assemblies, and filled with a still higher Degree of Abhorrence and Indignation at the late wicked Attack on the sacred Person of our beloved and most excellent Monarch, at a Moment when He was fulfilling one of the most important Duties attached to His exalted Station: Beg Leave humbly to request, That the House would be pleased, in conjunction with the other Branches of the Legislature, to bring forward, and pass into Laws, such Bills as the House, in their Wisdom, may think most expedient for the better Protection of His Majesty's most sacred Person, and for the Prevention of all such tumultuous and seditious Meetings as can be only calculated to inflame the Minds of the Unenlightened, to draw them aside, by Falsehood and Misrepresentation, from their Loyalty and Allegiance, and to introduce into our Country, instead of the present happy Constitution, a System of Violence, Oppression, and Anarchy.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been, in all Ages, distinguished for their Attachment to the Crown, and for their Regard to the Constitution: That on the late atrocious Attack on the Person of His Majesty, the Petitioners were foremost in testifying their Indignation at the horrid Attempt, and their Gratitude to the King of Kings for preserving a Life so deservedly dear to every Loyal Heart: That, during the present Administration, they have been unanimous, to a Degree almost unexampled, in Adherence to their Principles, and in support of their Measures: That they unequivocally disapprove, and will unite their Endeavours to check, the promiscuous and tumultuary Meetings of Persons who are not assembled in a Civil or Political Capacity of Members of a County, Town, or Parish, such as have lately taken place in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis: That, influenced by the same sentiments of Loyalty and Patriotism, the Petitioners view, with considerable Alarm, Two Bills introduced into the House, the First intituled, A Bill for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts; the Second, A Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That in the former they see, with, the most serious Concern, the Revival of those Attempts to increase the Catalogue of Treason which were made in former Ages by weak and arbitrary Administrations, with equal Danger to the Safety of the Monarch and to the Liberty of the Subject; but which a wiser Policy constantly restricted by recurring to the only beneficial Statute on that Subject, a Statute sanctioned by the Experience of more than Four hundred Years, that of the Twenty-fifth of Edward the Third: That the Petitioners consider the Second Bill as subversive of the Fifth Article of the Bill of Rights, of that solemn Compact made at the Resolution between the King and the People for the Establishment of the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of this Country, which acknowledges the Right of Subjects to petition in the Capacity already described, of Members of a County, Town, or Parish, and declares

Petition from Gosport, respecting Seditious Meetings.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person,&c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

36 Geo. III. 23° Novem97

declares all Commitments and Prosecutions for such petitioning illegal; that they conceive the free Exercise of this Privilege to be the strongest Argument against Democratic Innovators, whose Theories of universal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments would acquire some Plausibility if the Voice of the People could be suppressed at the arbitrary Command of Two Individuals: That, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the existing Laws are sufficient to protect the Civil and Political Rights of every Branch of the Constitution; and that if, according to the Opinion of a great Law Character, the Persons who were tried for High Treason had been indicted for Sedition, Public Order would probably have received more effectual Security: That, above all, the Petitioners are apprehensive that the present Uneasiness may be traced to a higher Cause than that which is represented as productive of Public Danger: They therefore humbly implore the House, as Citizens, as Christians, and as Men, to take into their most serious Consideration the Circumstances of a War which, whatever Difference of Opinion may exist in its Principle, must be acknowledged to have been ill-conducted in its Progress, and calamitous in its Consequences: That, conceiving the Restoration of Peace to be better calculated to allay the Public Discontents, by diminishing the Public Burthen?, than the most coercive Regulations, they humbly hope that the House will urge the Necessity of treating with the Executive Power of France, under whatever Form it may be established, on safe and honourable Terms, and particularly, as the more immediate Objects of this Address, they most earnestly entreat that the Bills which they deprecate may not receive the Sanction of the House.

Petitions A Petition of the Freemen and Citizens of the

against the ancient City of Canterbury, was also presented to the

Safetv°of His House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, Majesty's deeply sensible of the invaluable Rights and Liberties Person, See.secured to them by the existing Laws and Consti-

and forpre- tution of this Kingdom, feeling it their bounden Duty timsMeeU* to enc*eavour transmit them- unimpaired to their ings. Posterity, and conceiving that certain Bills now depending in the House, severally intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and An Act for preventing Seditious Meetings, are utterly hostile to the acknowledged Principles of the Constitution, and subversive of the ancient and indubitable Rights and Liberties of the People, do most humbly pray that the House will not pass the said Bills into Laws.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bill now brought into the House, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, has justly excited, in the Minds of the Petitioners, an anxious Jealousy for the Rights and Liberties which, on the Settlement of the Crown upon the Illustrious House of Hanover, were recognized to be the true, ancient, and indubitable Rights and Liberties of the People of this Kingdom: That the Bill now depending, is intended to preclude the People from the free Discussion of Political Questions, and the unrestrained Right of petitioning against Grievances, the Exercise of which Right is, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, the surest Means of preserving the Constitution inviolate; and the Infringement of which Right, as it blocks up the Avenues through which the Voice of a loyal People has been accustomed to approach the 'Throne, may enable an ambitious Ministry to trample alike on the Prerogative of the Crown and the Liberties of the People: — The Petitioners are not less alarmed by another Bill now depending, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Vql. 51.

Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts: The Petitioners consider that, in a free Country, all Acts, to the Commission of which Pains and Penalties attach, should be defined in Language clear and unequivocal; the contrary being the Tendency of the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, they will be plunged into the calamitous Situation which is well described by a Statute, enacted in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, which says, " Whereas divers " Pains of Treason have been ordained by Statute,

" inasmuch that there is no Man who doth know how " he ought to behave himself, to do, speak, or say, for " Doubt of such Pains — The Petitioners therefore appeal to the House, in the firmest Confidence, That they will reject those violent Measures, which threaten the Destruction of their Liberties, and the Subversion of our glorious Constitution.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Petition re-and others, Inhabitants of the County of Suffolk, at a specting Se-General Meeting of the County assembled, was also ^tlou*JVIefet* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That 1Dgs" the Petitioners, with the deepest Regret, lamenting the daring Insult and Outrage lately committed on His Majesty's most sacred Person, to the Interruption of that free Passage to His Parliament which the Spirit of the happy Constitution of these Realms assures, cannot but be convinced that the seditious and treasonable Doctrines, of late held forth, and with so much Industry propagated, have misled the Ignorant, and encouraged the Mischievous, to Acts the most daring against our Liberties and Laws: The Petitioners do therefore most humbly request the House to take into their especial Consideration the Circumstance of all Assemblies professedly called for the Intent of promulgating and disseminating Doctrines subversive of all Religion, Liberty, and Order, and provide such Means as the Temper of the Times for the immediate Purpose requires, and such as shall to their Wisdom seem meet, for the further Security of His Majesty's Person, and of the happy Government of this Kingdom, and for preserving to us the inestimable Blessing of that rational Liberty, which flows from the mild, equal, and free Temperature of our glorious Constitution.

A Petition of the loyal and well-affected Inhabitants Petition in of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Manchester and favour of the Salford, was also presented to the House, and read; forftyis

Setting forth, That, impressed with a due Sense of the Majesty's Value of that Constitution under which they have the Person, &c. Happiness to live, the Petitioners approach the House and for proas the Guardians of their Rights and Liberties, with tiousMeet^' full Confidence that those, to whose Wisdom they are jng8. entrusted, are endued with Integrity to maintain, and Firmness to protect them: That the Petitioners lament, in common with their Fellow Subjects, the Occasion which now calls forth the Exertion of these Qualities to suppress the daring Attempts of unprincipled and Wicked Men, who abuse the venerable Names of Patriotism and Liberty for the Furtherance of Designs which aim at their Destruction: That, when the Petitioners consider the late atrocious Attempt on the Life of their most Gracious Sovereign, they cannot for a Moment hesitate upon the Conclusion they are to draw, nor separate it from a Connection with the Principles which have been so openly avowed, and so industriously circulated, against the Existence of the Constitution itself: That, under these Impressions, the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Approbation of the Principle of the Bills, now before the House, for the more effectual Prevention of Treasons, seditious Practices, and Meetings, the Licentiousness of which the unsuspecting Mildness of our Laws has been hitherto found unequal to suppress:

That the Petitioners, regarding as inestimable the Rights and Liberties of British Subjects, humbly

C c conceive

Petitions against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

98 23° Novembris. . 1795.

conceive that the Restrictions, proposed by the Bills now under Consideration, are calculated to affect those only whose Machinations are so indubitably and clearly hostile to the Welfare of their Country: And therefore praying, That these Bills may pass into a Law, subject to such Amendments as in the Wisdom of the House shall seem expedient.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of,

was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners entertain the utmost Abhorrence at the late daring and treasonable Outrage offered to His Majesty's most sacred Person in His Passage to and from Parliament, and sincerely hope that the Perpetrators and Abettors thereof may be brought to condign Punishment: That the Petitioners are impressed with the Sentiments that the Glory and Happiness of their Sovereign, and the Comfort and Prosperity of His People, are so reciprocally united, that the free and perfect Enjoyment of their Freedom is the best and only solid Security of their Affections, and that those Men, who have the Temerity to suggest or advise an Invasion of that Freedom, are Enemies to the King, to the People, and to the Constitution: That the Petitioners, therefore, cannot but entertain the most gloomy Apprehensions from the Perusal of Two Bills now depending in Parliament; the one intituled, An Act for the better Security of His Majesty's Person, &c. and the other, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts, it appearing to the Petitioners that the said Laws, by creating new Treasons, by multiplying capital Punishments, and destroying the fundamental Right of the People to assemble peaceably together for the Discussion of Public Grievances, operate to the Subversion of the Constitution, and strike at the Foundation of the Liberties of Englishmen: That the Petitioners are equally Foes to Anarchy and Despotism, but, as free-born , who value

their Liberty more than every other Blessing, they should be wanting in their Duty to their Country, to themselves, and to their Posterity, not to exercise their invaluable Privilege of Remonstrance against the Enaction of Laws, by which the Fences and Outworks, set up by our Ancestors to guard that Liberty, will be beaten down and destroyed: And therefore praying, That the said Bills may not pass.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, viewing with extreme Surprise, and with great Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one, intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against Treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other. An Act to prevent Seditious Assemblies, which they conceive to be Infringements upon the Constitution, and Violations of their best Rights and Liberties, have met in Common Hall, to beg of the House, that they will, at this awful Crisis, act as behoves the Representatives of a People jealous of their Liberties, and oppose their Authority to this Innovation, unprecedented since the Resolution of 1688: That the Petitioners have always considered the Law, enacted in the Twenty-fifth Year of King Edward the Third, as since modified by divers Statutes, to be the greatest Safeguard of the Subject, and the best personal Security of the Sovereign: That, whilst the Petitioners lament the late Insult offered to the Person of the King, they cannot but think that the existing Laws are adequate to the Punishment of the Offenders, and, if properly enforced, sufficient to prevent a Repetition, of such Outrages: That the Petitioners, knowing the distressed Situation of the great Majority of the People, are decidedly of Opinion, that to deprive them of the Means of complaining will, in

the Issue, drive them to Measures which the Humanity of the Petitioners most sincerely deprecates: And therefore earnestly praying, That the House will put their decisive Negative upon these Bills, which, if they pass into Laws, will render nugatory the Fifth Clause of the Bill of Rights, and overthrow the most valuable Privileges of Englishmen.

A Petition of the thereunder-written, being Inhabitants of the City of Chester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners do utterly disapprove of the illegal and violent Proceedings of the Populace on the First Day of the present Session of Parliament, and sincerely rejoice in the Escape of His Majesty from the Danger which threatened His Person: That, from the Information which they have been able to obtain respecting the illegal Occurrences of that Day, the Petitioners believe that they are totally unconnected with the Designs or Actions of any Popular Society — That, wishing for His Majesty all the Security which good Laws can afford, the Petitioners trust that no Act of the Legislature will declare the Safety of the Sovereign to be incompatible with the liberty of the People — Such it appears to the Petitioners is the Import of a Bill, intituled, A Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, now under the Consideration of the House; and the Petitioners do most earnestly deprecate the passing of an Act which, vesting in the Hands of the Magistrate an arbitrary unconstitutional Power, would deprive the People of their unquestioned Right to express their Sense of Measures, the Consequences and Expence of which must be borne by them — That, in the present distressed State of this Country, the Petitioners are convinced that the concluding of a speedy Peace would be the best Means of securing to His Majesty the best Guard of His Person, the Love of His People: And therefore praying, That the House will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, Friends of their Country and its

Constitution, as now established, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in this Moment of Alarm and Anxiety, the Eves of the British Nation are upon the House; the Wishes, the Hopes, and the Fears, of a great and a brave People are centered in their Representatives: The Firmness of the House may save, their Weakness might endanger, the Liberties of their Country: The House are the Guardians of the Constitution, and, while they discharge their Duty, it will remain indissoluble; equally Proof against the Fury of Foreign Foes, and the Conspiracies of Domestic Traitors: That it is with deep Concern the Petitioners observe the Introduction of Two alarming Bills, for the Consideration of the House; the one levelled against Freedom of Speech and the Liberty of the Press, the other framed for abolishing popular Societies: By the Memory of our Forefathers, who purchased with their Lives, and sealed with their Blood, the Liberties of their Country, in the Name of Posterity, whose Blood pleads in our Veins, the Petitioners beseech the House to weigh well the dreadful Principles of these Bills before they venture to pass them into Laws. O ! suffer not the sacred Inheritance of Magna Charta to be mortgaged even by a temporary Surrender of any of its inestimable Privileges; suffer not the Blessings of the Bill of Rights to be forfeited by even a conditional Submission to new Laws, unless it can be proved (which the Petitioners believe it cannot) that the hopeless Necessity of the Times absolutely requires such dreadful Restraints. Let the Petitioners not be compelled to blush when they remember the Virtues of our Ancestors; and let not our Children in their turn blush for the Degeneracy of their Fathers.: To the 'Wisdom and Integrity of the

House

Petition* against the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

30 vxEO. HI.

xo d\ovem

House the Petitioners entrust, with trembling Confidence, with anxious Hope, the great Cause of the People in this momentous Crisis; be the Saviours of your Country, and unborn Generations shall bless your Memory.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Chichester thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City of Chichester, and its Environs, being offered to be presented to the House;

offered.

Royal Assent A Message by Sir Francis , Gentleman

to Bills. Ushflr of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission ;ead.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop

of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland, and the Earl of Westmoreland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six:

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six:

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of'Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty:

An Act to continue an Act for permitting the Importation of Organziried Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

Petition against the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings brought up and read.

Then the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City of Chichester, and its Environs, was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with that respect which is due to the Representatives of the People, and that Plainness which becomes them, wish to lay before the House their Sentiments on the Convention Bill now pending in Parliament, which they look upon as the most daring and outrageous Attack upon the Constitution of this Nation, and the Rights of the People, that ever was planned and pursued by wicked Men: The Petitioners are convinced that every Briton has an unalienable Right, and that it is the Duty of every Man to watch the Conduct of Administration, that the Constitution be not injured, Vo 1.51.

nor the Rights of the People invaded: The People of England never delegated to their Rulers Authority to alter the Constitution of the Realm, and to change the limited Monarchy thereof into a devouring Despotism; and the Petitioners hope, and do firmly believe, that they still retain so much of their native Courage and Love of Freedom as not to suffer a daring Ministerial Influence to rob them of this Right, the Corner Stone of all the rest: That the Petitioners make this Appeal to the House, who ought to be, and the Petitioners hope, on the present momentous Occasion, will approve themselves the Guardians of our Rights, at the same Time assuring the House, that, much as the Petitioners deprecate the dreadful Alternative, yet they would rather die free than live Slaves.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Britons, Inha- Petition bitants of London and its Environs, assembled together 1,16 to express their free Sentiments, according to the preventing Tenure of the Bill of Rights, on the Subjects of the Seditious threatened Invasions of their Constitutional Liberties, Meetings, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners approach the House once more to make their Grievances and Apprehensions known, in a legal and Constitutional Manner, to that Branch of the Legislature which, from its legal Stile and Form, was evidently intended to be the Constitutional Guardian of the People's Liberties, and the Champion of its Rights and Privileges — But the Petitioners approach the House, not as heretofore, to claim the Reformation of existing Abuses; if those Claims had been attended to, the Cause of their present Petition could never have existed; The Petitioners come not to repeat their unanswered Arguments on the Necessity of Parliamentary Reform; the very Proposition of the Measures the Petitioners now protest against is a demonstrative Evidence of the Necessity of such Reform; but they approach the- House, with Constitutional Reverence and British Firmness, to conjure them not to drive the People of this distressed and irritated Nation to such Despair, as the Adoption of the coercive System in Agitation before the House, the Petitioners are firmly persuaded, in the End must inevitably produce: The Petitioners conjure the House to remember, that the vital Energies of the British Constitution consist in the Liberties of Speech, and of the Press; that the Safety and Preservation of our Lives and Liberties (next after that immortal Institution of the Trial by Jury) depend upon the strict Observance of the Provisions of that admirable Statute of Treasons extorted by a virtuous House of Commons from Edward the Third: The Petitioners conjure the House also to remember, that the Invasion of these Liberties, and the Violation of this Safety, by arbitrary Institutions and new Theories of constructive Treasons, though sometimes assumed under Pretences of ancient Prerogatives, and sometimes confirmed by corrupt Representatives and arbitrary Acts of Parliament, have never failed of being productive of Consequences the most alarming both to the Government and the People:

That fibe Adoption of those very Maxims and Precedents, upon which the proposed Measures are evidently founded, brought one unhappy Prince of the House of Stuart to the Scaffold, and drove another, with his Posterity, from the Throne; and that therefore to propose and support such Measures is, in Reality, to endanger not only the Tranquillity of the Nation, but the Safety even of His Majesty's Pe.rson and Government, m Support of which these Measures are said to be brought forward: Permit the Petitioners solemnly to conjure the Abuse to recollect the Events that immediately preceded and produced the Resolution of 1688 — the Doctrines advanced in the Justification of that memorable Event, and the Principles which established the House of Brunswick on the Throne:

Let the Petitioners conjure the House also to consider, with due Deliberation, the Limits, and the

sacred

Complaint against a Pamphlet, intituled,

" Thoughts " on the Ci English " Govern-li ment."

iOO 23° Novembr 1795.

sacred Nature of that Compact, which exists between the Government and the People; and the dreadful Consequences which must inevitably ensue if ever those Limits should be violated, or this Compact broken — If these Circumstances are duly considered, the Petitioners feel a settled Confidence that the strong, and hitherto unparalleled. Attempts to destroy the Personal Security of the People of these Realms, and annihilate the sacred Right of Political Discussion, will meet with the decided Reprobation of the House — That Precedents, drawn from the Tyrannical Reigns of the Tudors and the Stuarts, will be rejected with Indignation; and that the House will be struck with Horror at the Idea of staining the Annals of the House of Brunswick by the Revival of those very Measures which brought the House of Stuart into such general Odium, and was productive of such intolerable Oppression as to justify the Resistance of the People, and produce that glorious Resolution, upon the Principles of which, and of which alone, the House of Brunswick is, at this Time, entitled to the British Crown; The Petitioners therefore pray the House to consider the Purport and Tendency of the Bill introduced for the Restriction, or rather the utter Prevention, of popular Assemblies, for the Purpose of Political Investigation, and to dismiss it with that marked Disapprobation it so justly deserves — to guard, with the most inviolable Respect, that sacred Institution the Trial by Jury, and to suffer no arbitrary Innovations, under any Pretence whatever, on the existing Laws of Treason and Sedition; Laws which have hitherto been found fully competent to all the just Purposes of free and equitable Government: And, finally, the Petitioners intreat the House to believe, that, when they profess their Abhorrence of all Tumult and Violence, and reject, with the utmost Indignation, the groundless Calumnies that have been spread against their peaceful, orderly, and Constitutional Meetings, they do it from a firm and long settled Conviction, that all Acts of Violence and Outrage are most eminently injurious to that great Cause of National and Constitutional Liberty to which the Petitioners are attached: At the same Time they conjure the House to confide in the Firmness and Temperance of the People of Great Britain, who, the Petitioners trust, have not degenerated from- the Spirit and Bravery of their Ancestors, nor forgotten the important Lessons inculcated by -their Examples.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Complaint being made to the House of several Passages in a Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the " English Government — addressed to the Quiet Good " Sense of the People of England; in a Series of " Letters — Letter the First, on the National Character " of Englishmen — The nature of the English Government " — The Corruptions caused in both by the Introduction * of French Principles — The Effects produced by the " Reformation and the Resolution upon Political ciples — The Conduct of the Whig Party — The " Character of the modem De London, Printed

" for J. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795. — "

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Pamphlet be delivered in at the Table, and read;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

But it being explained to the House, That the said Complaint was made of the said Passages as containing Matter in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

The Motion for reading the Orders of the Day was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Pamphlet was delivered in at the Table, and read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, De, Jate on That the said Pamphlet is a malicious, scandalous, and r^e

seditious Libel, containing Matter tending to create Complaint, Jealousies and Divisions among His Majesty's Loyal adjourned. Subjects; to alienate their Affections from our piesent happy Form of Government, as established in King,

Lords, and Commons; and to subvert the true Principles of our free Constitution; and that the said Pamphlet is a high Breach of the Privileges of this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next* and inserting the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next'* stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House {oT the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Safety of His upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Majesty's Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable andseditious Practices and Attempts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words Wednesday " Morning next" and inserting the Words " Tomorrow Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Wednesday Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Committee Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the on high whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Cora.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report s»p-the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider P*y deferred, further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Wednesday Morning next Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means deferred, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

OO VjEO. 111.

ixovenw

1U1

IMitchel-mersh and Timsbury Inclosure Bill committed.

F arnborough and Seven-oaks Road Bill, reported.

Feilitzsch's Nat. Petition.

Petition from

Reading,

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Mart is, 24" die Novembris;

Anno 36° Georgi[ III. Regis, 1795. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets of Mitchelmersh, Braishfield, and Airbridge, in the

Manor and Parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Knatchbullreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Well, at the North-West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Frederick Lercis Ernest Baron de Feilitzsch, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Householders of the Borough of Reading, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having observed, with great Concern, the Attempts which have been made to disturb the Public Tranquillity, by various seditious Meetings, whose obvious Tendency has been to inflame the Minds of the People, entreat the House to adopt such Measures, for a limited Time, as in their Wisdom shall be deemed expedient, for suppressing all tumultuous and seditious Meetings, and for the better Security of His Majesty's Person and Government A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that Two Bills are pending in the House, one for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: Impressed with an unalterable Attachment to His Majesty's Royal Person, and to the excellent Constitution of this Country, the Petitioners earnestly pray the House to adopt effectual Vol. 51.

Measures for those important Purposes, being fully convinced that the Interference of the Legislature is become indispensably necessary to discountenance and defeat those nefarious Principles and Designs, which have a Tendency to introduce the Miseries of Confusion, Tyranny, and Rapine, in the Place of those mild and beneficent Laws which have so long protected the Liberties and Property of the Inhabitants of these Kingdoms.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades- Petition men, and Inhabitants of the Town and County of respecting Newcastle upon Tyne, and its Vicinity, whose Names Meetings, are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, with great Concern, the many seditious Writings and Discourses which have of late been held forth to the Public, with a manifest Design to disturb the Peace and good Order of this Kingdom; and they have seen, with the deepest Indignation, the late outrageous Attack upon the Life of their Gracious Sovereign: And therefore praying the House to take these flagrant Evils into their most serious Consideration, and to adopt such necessary and Constitutional Measures, as to their Wisdom shall seem best calculated to effectually secure the Safety of His Majesty's Person, and to stop the alarming Progress of Riot and Sedition.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Petition Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, in the

Common Council met, was also presented to the Saietv^His House, and read; Setting forth, That, whilst the Majesty's Petitioners feel Sentiments of just Indignation and Person, &c. Abhorrence at the daring Outrage lately committed and ,or Pre' on His Majesty, when employed in the Discharge of Seditious one of the most important Duties of His Office, and Meetings, whilst they earnestly wish and desire that every proper Measure may be adopted for His Majesty's Security against any such nefarious Attempt in future, they beg Leave humbly to express their firm Conviction, that the Laws already in existence, if properly enforced, are abundantly sufficient, not only to provide for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, but also for the Preservation of His Government, against any treasonable or seditious Designs whatsoever: That, apprehending Two Bills now before the House, one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, are calculated to undermine and destroy some of the best Principles of the Constitution, and that the passing them into Laws would be a Violation of the Bill of Rights, and would also tend to alienate the Affections of His Majesty's Subjects, and lessen the Respect for the Laws: The Petitioners therefore most earnestly entreat the House to put a decisive Negative on the said Bills.

A Petition of the Convener of the Trades of Edin- Petition burgh, and the Deacons of the whole Incorporations respecting of the said City, with the unanimous Concurrence and Approbation of their Constituents, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners learned, with Surprize and Indignation, that while His Majesty was proceeding in the Exercise of His Royal Prerogative to open the Session of Parliament, a N umber of abandoned Men assailed His Majesty's Person with Violence and Outrage, to the imminent Danger of His precious Life: That this atrocious Conduct, wholly unsuitable to the Character which British Subjects have long maintained, the Petitioners can attribute only to those profligate Principles, which daring Innovators have of late laboured to instil into the Minds of ignorant People in seditious Meetings: And therefore praying,

That the House will take such Measures as they, in their great Wisdom, shall think most proper, in order

D d to

Petition in favour of the Pills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition from Buckinghamshire, respecting Seditious iMeetings.

Petition against the Pills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

102 24° Novembris. . 1795

to prevent a Repetition of such a gross Insult, and for suppressing such seditious Meetings.

A Petition of the loyal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Maidstone in, the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are duly sensible of the Happiness they have enjoyed under the mild Laws of this Country, and do contemplate, with peculiar Satisfaction, that most excellent Part of our Constitution which enables the Legislature to provide a Remedy for Evils as they arise: That they cannot see, without the utmost Concern, the factious and republican Spirit which has gone abroad amongst a Part of His Majesty's Subjects, and which has shewn itself in a Variety of disorderly Proceedings, and particularly in the nefarious Attempt lately made upon the Person of our beloved Sovereign, which daring Spirit the Petitioners can attribute to no other Cause than the Influence of certain Political Meetings, in which the greatest Efforts are made, by artful and wicked Men, to sow the Seeds of Discontent and Disaffection, to seduce the People from their Obedience to the Laws, and excite them to Hatred and Contempt of His Majesty's Person and Government: The Petitioners therefore do highly admire and approve the Wisdom and Expediency of the Measures contained in the Bills, which are now under the Consideration of Parliament, and do humbly entreat that the same may he passed into Laws, or that the House will provide such other Remedy, for the present Evils, as shall he deemed expedient.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, agreed to at a Meeting held by Public Advertisement, the 21st Day of November 1795, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, with the deepest Concern, the late daring Outrages against the Person of the King in His Passage to and from His Parliament, an Offence which, at the same Time, endangered the personal Safety of a Sovereign justly dear to his Subjects, and violated the most sacred Principles of the British Constitution: That the Petitioners consider these atrocious Acts as the immediate and natural Consequence of those dangerous and seditious Meetings and Publications by which wicked Men have endeavoured to poison the Minds of our Fellow Subjects, and to stir up Sedition, Tumult, and Civil War, within this Country': The Petitioners therefore, duly sensible of the Blessings which we enjoy under our present happy Constitution, and solicitous for the Maintenance of Public Tranquillity and good Order, and for the Protection of the Lives, Properties, and Civil Rights, of the peaceful and loyal Subjects of this Realm, all which are greatly endangered by such Proceedings, do most humbly and earnestly entreat the House to take the same into its most serious Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as the House shall, in its Wisdom, judge most proper for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government, and for the more effectual Prevention of all seditious Meetings and Publications.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, although the Petitioners sincerely lament the Occasion that has given rise to the Two Bills now before Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other, An Act for preventing seditious Meetings, yet they cannot, so long as the existing Laws are fully competent to the bringing such Offenders to Justice, surrender up One of the most valuable Parts of their Constitution, without

first humbly imploring the House, that they will take into their most serious Consideration the great Innovation they are about to make, and in what Degree it may be likely to affect the Safety of the Constitution, or the Probability of its affording any additional Security to His Majesty's Person and Government: That the Petitioners, so far from believing the re exists any Body of People inimical to the true Principles of the Constitution, do humbly conceive, that whenever Symptoms of Inquietude may have appeared, they solely originated in the real Distress to which the present calamitous War has reduced the Country: The Petitioners do therefore humbly implore the House, That they will use their utmost Endeavours in order to restore to Trade Prosperity, to the Poor Plenty, and to the Nation Happiness, and that the House will reject the above Bills, which the Petitioners conceive tend to infringe on their indubitable Rights and Privileges.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Ilelleston, in the County of was also pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth that the Petitioners have not seen, without the greatest Indignation, the late audacious Attack upon the Person of our most Gracious Sovereign; and the Petitioners have, in common with their Fellow Subjects, offered their sincerest Congratulations to His Majesty on His providential Escape, and are ready to come forward, with their Lives and Fortunes, in Support of the Dignity of the King, and for the Preservation of the Peace of this Kingdom: That though the Petitioners lament, in common with all His Majesty's faithful Subjects, the violent and irregular Proceedings of those Meetings with which this Attack is said to be connected, yet they cannot but view, with the deepest Concern, the Provisions of the Bill, now before the House, for the Prevention of the Evils of which Meetings, so constituted, may in future be productive: That the Petitioners humbly conceive the Principles of the Bill to he, both in Substance and Effect, a direct Infringement upon their just and natural Right of assembling peaceably and lawfully for the Redress of Public Grievances, a Right handed down to them by their Ancestors from the earliest Period, and confirmed to them by the Bill of Rights at the glorious Resolution: That the Petitioners are further of Opinion, that the said Bill is pregnant with serious Evils to the Constitution of this Kingdom, not only as being an Attack upon the sacred Right of Petitioning, but also as being likely to produce, in their fullest Extent, the very Evils which it professes to remedy, inasmuch as the Experience of past Ages has fully proved, that a Nation, debarred of the Rights of expressing its Wants and Grievances free and unrestrained, may be sometimes driven to the desperate Resource of open Resistance: That, notwithstanding, if the House in its Wisdom shall think the Exigency of the Times requires this extraordinary Measure, the Petitioners humbly hope and pray, that it may be temporary only, and limited, at farthest, to the Duration of One Year, lest, through the atrocious Proceedings of a few misguided Individuals, His Majesty's loyal Subjects in general, and their Posterity, be laid under a Stigma of Disaffection, and for ever deprived of One of their oldest and most invaluable Privileges.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have heard, with Grief, of the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and An Act for preventing seditious Meetings: That the Petitioners detest every Species of Violence and Outrage, and desire to express their Abhorrence of the late Attack upon

Petition against the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

ie

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

House called over.

Defaulters

excused.

36 Geo. III. 24° Novembris 103

His Majesty's Person, being convinced that Licentiousness is inimical to Liberty, and that Anarchy is as much to be dreaded as Despotism: That the most perfect human Institutions are subject to Errors, as well in their original Formation as by Means of successive Introduction, and that Governments, the best administered, are not entirely free from Oppression, on which Accounts it was wisely declared by our Ancestors, in the Bill of Rights, " That it is the " Right of the Subject to petition the King, and that all " Commitments and Prosecutions for such petitioning " are illegal: " That the Petitioners disapprove of the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing seditious Meetings, because it tends to obstruct the Exercise of this Right, notwithstanding the Experience of more than a Century proves it to have been consonant with the Maintenance of the Public Peace: That the Petitioners disapprove of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, because it inflicts heavy Penalties upon every Person who shall speak or write any Thing against the Government and Constitution of this Realm, making no Distinction between the Excellencies of our Constituion and its Defects, and between the Advantages enjoyed under the Government of our Gracious Sovereign, and the Grievances which originate in the Incapacity or Turpitude of His Ministers: The Petitioners conceiving that this will tend to perpetuate Grievances and Errors and to retard that Melioration of human Affairs which Freedom of Writing and of Debate is calculated to promote, they therefore request that the House will not pass these Bills into Laws.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, was likewise presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners have beheld, with the deepest Concern, the Introduction in the House of Two Bills, the one intituled A Bill for the Preservation of His Majesty's Persons, and the other, A Bill against seditious Assemblies, which if carried into Effect, will so far restrain the Liberty of the Press, and the Right and Privilege of the Subject of meeting to petition against Grievances, as to render such Right and Privilege of little avail: That being truly sensible of the Value of these Privileges, so long enjoyed by them and their Ancestors, and which they deem their unalienable Right, they cannot refrain from expressing to the House their Alarms at any Attempt to deprive them thereof: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass such Bills into Laws.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House being read;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over; and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, on Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness or recent Death of their near Relations, or as being Abroad, or absent on the Public Service, or under Orders for immediate Foreign Service; and

Vol. 51.

those who were not excused were, on the Questiott severally put upon them, ordered to attend at the several Times appointed for them, as followeth;

viz.

Ordered, That Edward Lcrceden Loveden, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-Colonel George do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Honourable William Stewart, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That James Macpherson, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That William Smith, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight:

Ordered, That the Marquis of Lome do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That David Howell, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That Humphrey Esquire, do at-

tend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That Wilson Braddyll, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish being called over; and it being offered as an Excuse for him, That he was on the Road to Town;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " upon this Day " Sevennight," and inserting the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Sevennight:

The Name of Lazvrence P Esquire, being called

over; and it being offered as an Excuse for him, That he was in the Country, attending a near Relation who was in a very ill State of Health;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Lawrence Palk, Esquire, be excused.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Lawrence Palk, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next

The Name of Edmund Bastard, Esqtlire, being called over; and it being offered as an Excuse for him. That he was serving with the Militia as a Field Officer, and that no other Field Officer was with the Regiment;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Edmund Bastard, Esquire, be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Edmund Bastard, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next

Ordered, That John St. Leger, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That George Tempter, Esquire, do attend the

104 24° Novemb- 1795.

the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next.

Ordered, That Francis Duller Yardc, Esquire, do

attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next.

Ordered, That the Honourable Henry Fane do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Benjamin , Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Beilby Thompson, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That James Hare, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Thomas Harley do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That James JVa Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next.

Ordered, That Richard Bedford, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Henry Speed, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next.

Ordered, That Filmer Esquire, do

attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Richard Hopkins, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Field Marshal Sir George Hoivard, Knight of the most Honourable

Order of the Bath, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of James Rooke, Esquire, being called over; and it being offered as an Excuse for him, That he was on the Staff of General Officers at Bristol-,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That James Rooke, Esquire, be excused;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " be excused," and inserting the Words, " do attend the Service of * this House upon this Day Sevennight^" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " be " excused " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " do " attend the Service of this House upon this Day " Sevennight'' be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That James Rooke, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Charles P Esquire, do at* tend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of the Marquis of Bland ford being called over; and it being offered as an Excuse for him, That lie was in Scotland;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Marquis of Bland ford do attend the

Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the \Vrords, " Fortnight, the " 8th Day of December next," and inserting the Word " Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for «he Yeas, {lu. }

[Mr. Grey, 1

Tellers for the Noes, ! Mr. Whitbread, > 5 2.

[Junior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Marquis of Bland ford do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Jl enman do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Arthur Annesley, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Gerard Noel Eduards, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir John Baronet, do

attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Samuel Long, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Sheffield do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Henry Penton, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Halhcd, Esquire,

do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Miles Borne, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Robert Seymour do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Joseph Sydney Esquire, do at-

tend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That William Fullarton, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the Sth Day of December next.

Ordered, That Samuel Whitbread, Senior, Esquire do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That George White Thomas, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Michael le Fleming, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Farnaby Baronet,

do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That William Evelyn, Esquire, do attend the

36 Geo. III. 24° Novem 105

the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Richard Barwell, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laurie, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Robert Dundas, Esquire, Lord Advocate of Scotland, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next Ordered, That the Right honourable Henry Dundas do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Robert Barclay, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That George Graham, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That Sir James Steuart Denham, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That William Esquire, do at-

tend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That John Shaw Esquire, do at-

tend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next

Ordered, That Francis Humberstone Mackenzie, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Ross, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That Robert Graham, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That Andrew Esquire, do at-

tend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

House to be A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-agmn called pogg^ That this House be again called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next," and inserting the Words, " Friday Sevennight, the 4th Day of December next," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Questiob being put;

Ordered, That this House be again called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Petition A Petition of the Inhabitants of the United Parishes

against the of Houston and Kilellan, in the County of Renfrew, Bill for pre- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, tious Meet-' That the Petitioners embrace this Opportunity of ex-ings. pressing their unaffected Loyalty to the King, and their

warmest Attachment to the Constitution which was established in 1688, and, being determined, by all legal Means, to support it in its leading and essential Principles, they cannot but contemplate, with the deepest Regret and Sorrow, a Bill brought in, and now pending before the House, for the more effectual preventing of seditious Meetings: They are greatly alarmed that the Circumstances and Tendency of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will, and in the Nature of Things must, be deplorably ruinous to themselves and Posterity: And therefore praying the House, seriously to consider, as in the Presence of God, a subject of such Vol. 51.

Magnitude, and oppose the Bill from passing into a Law which would be attended with such fatal Effects.

A Petition of the Journeymen Taylors resident in Petitions London, Westminster, and Southwark, was also pre- g^sn^rth,® sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Safety°ofViia impressed with a deep Sense of the many Advantages Majesty's redounding to us from the mild Auspices of our present Person. &c. Sovereign, the Petitioners sincerely regret, with their an„Jnr Fellow Subjects in general, the violent Outrages which Meet- have been committed on a late Occasion upon the ings.

Sacred Person of His Majesty; but, while the Petitioners thus deprecate so daring an Attempt, they are seriously alarmed at the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, which have a direct Tendency to eradicate every Principle of our glorious Constitution, and wrest from Britons those invaluable Privileges transmitted to them by their Forefathers, devised in their Wisdom, and cemented by their best Blood: Believing, therefore, that the best Security of His Majesty's Person and Government consists in the Preservation of those Rights which we have so long enjoyed, and a steady Perseverance in the Execution of the Laws which at present exist, being fully persuaded that they are every Way adequate to the existing Circumstances pointed out in the Bills now pending in Parliament:

The Petitioners further implore, That the House will take into their serious Consideration the unhappy Dilemma in which they will be placed by the Operation of the present Bill; their Societies, though unconnected with political Discussions, and simply associated for the Regulations of their Trade, will then be subject to the Control of a Magistrate, who may, upon any constructive Pretence, disperse their Meetings, or, upon any Remonstrances on their Part, subject them to all the Horrors of Military Execution; it will be evident to the House the Petitioners Numbers, at this Time, are comparatively small, when reviewing them on a former Period, which is greatly to be attributed to the vast Number that have fallen in the present calamitous and destructive War, and now in the Service of His Majesty, struggling to maintain that Constitution which it is the Object of this Petition to preserve inviolate.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town, Neighbourhood, and Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, with great Concern, a late atrocious Attack upon the Person of their beloved Sovereign; and, whilst the Petitioners, in common with every Friend to the Constitution, most sincerely deplore the horrid Attempt, the real Authors of which they earnestly wish may be brought to condign Punishment, they feel themselves inexpressibly alarmed that it should be assumed as a Pretext for the Introduction of Tw'O Bills, one into each House of Parliament, which, if passed into Laws, they humbly conceive, will deprive the People of these Realms of the Rights of free Discussion and Petition, which they trusted had been secured to them at the j£ra of the glorious Resolution: And therefore entreating the House, That those Bills may not be suffered to become a Part of the established Law of these Realms.

A Petition of the Merchants, Bankers, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the City of London, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply sensible of the invaluable Rights and Liberties secured to them, in common with their Fellow Subjects, by the existing Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, and while they regard, with the most grateful Remembrance, the Wisdom of their Ancestors in forming and meliorating, and their firm and manly Defence, from Time to Time, of the glorious Fabrick they had raised — feeling it as they do their bounden and indispensable Duty to endeavour to transmit it unimpaired to their Posterity — considering the Laws now in Force as adequate to

Ee the

Petition against the

Pills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

106 24° Novembris. 1795.

the Preservation of the Public Peace, and sufficiently coercive and efficacious even as to the momentous Exigencies of the present Times, and conceiving that certain Bills, now pending in the House, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, are utterly hostile to the true and acknowledged Principles of that Constitution they so sincerely venerate and esteem, and destructive of the undoubted and sacred Rights and Liberties of the People of Great Britain, do most humbly pray, That the House will not pass the said Bills into Laws.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Poi'tsmouth and Portsea, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tire Petitioners, as Britons, value Liberty as One of the first of Blessings: They account it their Birthright to speak their Minde freely on all Public Matters, and cannot hear, but with Indignation, of being thereby exposed to Fine, Imprisonment, and Transportation: They are confident that it belongs to them to hold Public Meetings, at their Pleasure, without being subjected to the inquisitorial Presence of a Magistrate, or the Danger of Arrest for Freedom of Speech, or feeling the Horrors of Military Execution at refusing to depart at his Command: The general Principles of Freedom which they there imbibe, the Knowledge of their Rights as Men and as Britons, and Information as to their Duties as Members of the social Body, all combine to attach them more strongly to the Constitution, to qualify them to act their Part with greater Propriety as useful Citizens and loyal Subjects: They consider it as their ancient and unquestionable Privilege that the Press should be free, and that Men who, by frank Discussion of the Measures of Government, overawe the Conduct of Ministers, and contribute to the pure Administration of Justice, should not be exposed to the wanton Attacks of an Attorney General, who, by a teazing Prosecution, may deprive them of their Liberty, and rob them of their Fortune: These Rights the Petitioners claim, demand, and insist upon, as essential to the Continuance of the Compact between the King and the People, as it is summed up in the Bill of Rights: Though many of the Petitioners be poor, they are honest and industrious, and by the Labour of their Hands, and the Sweat of their Brow, do not only maintain themselves, but nourish and support, in Affluence, those very Men who would trample upon them, and annihilate their Consequence in Society: The Petitioners beg Leave to remind the House, that, though often, of late, reproached for their Poverty, as Persons who have no Concern with the Transactions of Government, they consider themselves as the great Basis of Society, who, by their Strength and Exertions, support all the superior Ranks, mauy of whom seem to have forgotten whence their Consequence has arisen; and that, were they to withhold their Support, these elated Men must sink to a Level with themselves: The Petitioners would press it upon the Attention of the House, that the great Aim of a good Government is to protect the Poor against the Rich; whereas the Design of these Bills appears to be to arm the Rich against the defenceless Poor: The Poor are the first to feel the Weight of Oppression, consequently the first to complain, by reason of their Weakness: They are filled with inexpressible Horror, that Laws should be framed to stifle the Groans of their Misery, and compel them, in silent Anguish, to pine under the Bitterness of Distress: That those of the Petitioners, who are Persons of Property, consider their poorer Brethren as Men equal in Rights, and as having an equal Stake in Society; because, on the Purity of the Constitution their Happiness, which is their All, depends: While the Petitioners view with the most

u

marked Detestation the Insult offered to the Person of His Majesty (as already signified in their Address from these Towns) they cannot, without the most poignant Grief, behold an arbitrary Accumulation of Treasons, calculated only to harass the Subject without making the smallest Addition to the Security of His Majesty's Person, whose greatest Safety, and whose only impenetrable Shield, consist in the Affection of His Subjects: The Petitioners likewise consider themselves as grievously injured by the studied Ambiguity in describing a Misdemeanor, which, by the Craft and Malice of insidious Spies, might expose the most upright and innocent Man, and most ardent Lover of the Constitution of his Country, to a barbarous Punishment, not heretofore dictated by the mild and benignant Spirit of English Laws — Against the Wrongs here enumerated the Petitioners loudly exclaim, and cannot refrain from saying, that, while Knowledge, Civilization, and Philanthropy, increase, to lessen the Comforts of Society, to arrest the Mildness of Government, and enact Laws full of Harshness and Severity, is equally impolitic and unjust: The Petitioners therefore, as Enemies of Violence and Tumult, and Well-wishers to the Happiness of their Country, cannot conceal from the House the Anxiety and Concern they entertain on a Review of the Consequences which appear inevitably to attend the passing the Treason and Convention Bills, and most earnestly beseech the House to reject those Bills as prejudicial to the Interest and Welfare of the Country, and as a Violation of the Bill of Rights, as destructive *of the inestimable Privileges of the Liberty of Speech, and of the Press, and as an Attack on the Constitution of 1688: And, as a "Duty the Petitioners owe to themselves and Posterity, they call on the House as Legislators not to deprive them of these their ancient and undoubted Privileges, and that the House will continue the Enjoyment of our Constitutional Liberties as the most effectual Means of securing His Majesty's Person, preserving internal Peace, and obtaining a due Reverence to the Laws:

The Petitioners, therefore, most humbly hope and pray, That the House, influenced by a due Regard to that Constitution, which ensures to Englishmen those valuable Privileges as their Birthright, will prevent such pernicious Laws from becoming Part of the Law of the Land.

A Petition of the Publicans of the Cities of London Petitions and Westminster and County of , and Parts

adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; gafetyof His Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Majesty's Bills now pending in Parliament, intituled, An Act Person, Ac. for the more effectually preventing seditious Meet- MdJor Springs and Assemblies, and An Act for the Safety and *

Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Govern- ings. ment against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, will, if passed into Laws, very much affect their Business as Publicans: That certain Clauses in the said Bills, as they now stand, the Petitioners have Reason to fear, will prevent the Meetings of Friendly Clubs and Societies in Public Houses, and which Clubs and Societies will be involved in their Operation, and therefore, if such Bills are passed into Laws, the Petitioners and their Families will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be involved in the Consequences thereof: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and, if necessary, to be heard by Counsel in Support of their Petition.

A Petition of the Electors and other Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in Town Hall assembled, was also presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have heard, with the utmost Detestation, of the late daring Attack made upon the People of England in the Person of His Majesty, in His Passage to

36 LfEO. 111. JXovembns. 107

and from Parliament; and they sincerely hope that the Authors of it will meet with the most speedy and condign Punishment, from whatever Cause or Quarter it has originated, whether from the Wickedness of deliberate Malice, or from any Contrivances with a View to make it the Pretext of depriving the People of England of their true, ancient, and indisputable Rights and Liberties: That it is the Petitioners Opinion, that, as no Reign ever afforded so many Opportunities of trying the Loyalty of the People, so no Prince ever received such repeated and remarkable Demonstrations of Public Love, as His Majesty — That they believe that Lpyalty remains unshaken, notwithstanding the wide and heartfelt Calamities of the Country; and are persuaded that the People do, and will continue to, make a due Distinction between the King, who, by the Spirit of the Constitution, " can " do no Wrong," and the real and responsible Authors of the National Distress and Misery — That the Petitioners would see, with Pleasure, any true Security to His Majesty's Person adopted, if any were necessary to be superadded to the protecting Safeguard of the Laws in being, and the experienced Affections of His People; but that they hear, with Astonishment and Horror, of the Introduction of Two Bills into the House, which, under a Pretence of, but really without, adding to His Majesty's Safety, appear to them, to annihilate the most valid, the most useful, and the most fundamental, of British Rights, thereby libelling the Person of His Majesty, and introducing a Doctrine false as fatal, that the King's Security requires the Extinction of His Subjects most vital Privileges: That the Bills of which the Petitioners complain are, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other intituled, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; That the First of these Bills, besides an arbitrary Accumulation of Treasons in its First Clause, strikes in its Second at every Exercise of the Right of examining Public Affairs, exalting into high Misdemeanors, Words, or Writings, which may be construed to excite Hatred or Contempt of the Government, without further Definition or Exactness; and, ultimately, subjecting Offences, so loose and uncertain, to a Punishment for which there is no Precedent in British Jurisprudence: That the Second of these Bills is still more the Subject of the Petitioners Indignation, inasmuch as it subverts the Right of Petition for Redress of Grievances, which is coeval with our Constitution, as was established at the glorious iEra of the Resolution by a solemn Law, and, from that Period to the present, has never been called in Question: As the Petitioners are persuaded of the Fact, so they beg Leave to state plainly to the House, that the King's Right to sit upon the Throne is not more clear, nor stands upon better Authority, than the Right of the People to petition the Legislature — The King reigns by no hereditary or divine Right in this Country: He reigns in virtue of the Act of Settlement, which transferred the Crown from another Family to the Family of His Majesty; the People petition under the Bill of Rights, which did not create, but which recognized and established (as it was imagined for ever) by the Provisions of a positive Statute, this sacred and unalterable Privilege: Whoever, therefore, attacks the Authority upon which this Right of the People stands, attacks, at the same Time, the Foundation of His Majesty's Title: The Petitioners are aware that it is urged in Defence of these Bills, that they do not take away, but only regulate this Right; but the Petitioners submit to the House, whether to be deprived of the Means of the beneficial Exercise of a Right is not in Reality to subvert the Vot. 51.

Right itself? For, of what Use is the Right to petition, if the Right of the People previously to assemble and freely to deliberate is put in such a Way as virtually to extinguish it? The Petitioners survey, with the utmost Terror the dreadfrd Powers with which the said Bill invests the Magistrate: To employ such Powers without Ruin to the Liberties and Peace of the Community supposes more than mortal Faculties in such Magistrate; he is expected, during the Warmth of a Debate in a Public Assembly, to do what the united Efforts of all the High Judges of the Land, as the Law stands, are unable to accomplish — To say nothing of the possible Ignorance or Corruption of a common Justice of the Peace, the Petitioners humbly entreat the House to consider what Danger there is in confiding to any human Being the Right at his Discretion to arrest any Speaker (however innocent the Speech or wrong the Interference) to disperse any Meeting, and, if disobeyed, to put them under Military Execution, safe and irresponsible himself under the Provisions of this Act: In the other Clauses, the Petitioners see many Mischiefs which, in destroying the Right of Political Discussion, in every other Mode affect our social Enjoyments, and tend to check the Improvement of human Intellect; but these Mischiefs, though great, are absorbed and obscured in the gigantic Evils of the principal Clause — If these Bills should unhappily pass into a Law, which God of His infinite Mercy forbid! it is the Opinion of the Petitioners, that a sullen Calm may for a while succeed, but in the End will prove a Thousand Times more dreadful than all the Seditions which are stated as the Cause of them, even supposing these Seditions to be established by due Inquiry, which the Petitioners conceive is not the Fact: The Irritation and Violence of a Speaker is apt to evaporate with the Oration, while the oppressed Mind, brooding over the Griefs it dares not utter, and stifling the Anguish which consumes it, is likely to burst out in some terrible Explosion, the Effect of which may be too late for Remedy: The Petitioners observe, that the Number of Prosecutions of late Years for seditious Proceedings, the Frequency of Convictions, and the Severity of Punishment, prove that the Laws in being are in full Sufficiency and Vigour, and they take the Liberty of adding, that a Multiplication of the Penal Statutes is a bad Practice and a dangerous Symptom: The alarm and Regret with which the Petitioners are filled by these Bills are not a little aggravated by the Grounds on which (as they are apprized) they were ushered into Parliament; these Grounds, if valid, will not justify the Destruction of the Privileges, which tire the Objects of these Bills, or any other Institution which is the Pride and Birthright of an Englishmen; after such a Restriction, the Petitioners see no Sacredness in the Trial by Jury, the Habeas Corpus, the Freedom of Election, or the Privileges of Parliament, which can secure them from the Effects of Principles which are supposed to sanctify the Abolition of the Liberty of the Press, and the Right of Petition; and though the Petitioners do not desire to agitate Questions respecting the Extent and Limits of the Power of the Legislature, yet they cannot conceive that any Authority can, of Right, adopt such Measures for such Reasons without being, at the same Time, competent to introduce a Resolution in the whole Frame of the Government — They seem to the Petitioners to be little short of asserting that the free Constitution of this Country is no longer compatible with its Quiet, and that our only Security against Anarchy is in the Establishment of Despotism — The Petitioners abhor these States equally, and they see no Refuge from them but in the Constitution of their Forefathers — They entreat the House seriously to call to mind, that in turbulent and difficult Times, prone to Commotion and Change, it was the highest Wisdom

Petition against the Bill for preventing Seditious Moet-ings.

Petition against the Bill for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

108

24° Novembris. A. 1795.

in Government to cultivate, with religious Care, the Veneration of the People for their ancient Laws and Institutions as the best Bulwark of Public Quiet; that it is the necessary Tendency of all great Innovation upon the legal Rights of the People to loosen and root out this Sentiment — That they are therefore peculiarly perilous in Seasons like the present, tending to authorize by their Example, and provoke by their Violence, other Innovations from an opposite Quarter, but equally destructive of the Peace, Prosperity, and Liberty, of this Kingdom, which are all comprehended in the Maintenance of its Constitution, and which the Petitioners entreat the House to preserve whole and inviolate: And for these Reasons they implore the House to reject the above Bills.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of was also

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel a just Abhorrence of the Authors and Abettors of the daring Outrage lately offered to His Majesty, and are earnestly solicitous that the most effectual Measures should be adopted for detecting and punishing them: That, impressed with these Feelings, which are the common Feelings of their Countrymen, the Petitioners cannot discover any Reason why an Act, committed by a few evil-minded Individuals, and so universally execrated, should be made a Pretext for enacting new Laws subversive of the Rights and Liberties of the People in general, more particularly when they reflect that the Laws already in Existence, and which the Wisdom of their Ancestors framed, have been proved, by Experience, even in Seasons of Extraordinary Difficulty and Danger, to be sufficient for the Preservation of the King's Person and Government, and the Peace and Order of these Realms: Thit the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Progress of a Bill lately brought into Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more eil'ectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, by which the incontestable Right of the People to assemble together for deliberating on Matters of Public Import, and petitioning for Redress of Grievances, is so limited and restricted, and so completely subjected to the Caprice and arbitrary Control of Civil Officers, that the Petitioners cannot but regard the same as calculated, in Effect, to wrest that Constitutional Right from the People, and to prevent the future Exercise of it: That a Barrier being thus raised between the Parliament and the People, and the latter being deprived of the Means of a free and unrestrained Communication with the Legislature on Subjects of Public Concern, the Petitioners anticipate, with Anxiety and Alarm, the dreadful Consequences which may ensue from the concealed Sufferings and suppressed Discontent of the Nation, Consequences which may ultimately affect the Peace and Order of the Kingdom in general: And for these Reasons the Petitioners humbly pray, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law-.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, was also presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, though feeling a just Abhorrence of the daring Outrage lately offered to His Majesty, cannot discover any Reason why an Act, committed by a few evil-minded Individuals, and so universally execrated, should be made a Pretext for enacting new and severe Laws, affecting the Rights and Liberties of the People in general, more particularly when they reflect that the Laws already in Existence, and which the Wisdom of their Ancestors framed, have been proved, even in Seasons of extraordinary Difficulty and Danger, to be adequate to the Preservation of the King's Person and Government, and the Peace and Order of these Realms: That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Progress of a Bill, lately brought into Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation

of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, which Bill, invading the Liberty of the Press, and the Freedom of Speech, those boasted Privileges of Englishmen, and the best Guardians of their Rights, is inconsistent with the Spirit and Genius of the British Government, and tends to the Subversion of their Constitutional Liberties: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Freemen and others, Inhabitants Petition of the City of Coventry, was also presented to the l*ie House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners ^afetyof His beg Leave to represent to the House the great Concern Majesty's they feel for the Prosperity of the Nation and the Person, &c. Liberty of British Subjects; and, being alarmed at the and for Pr®*_ Bills now pending in Parliament, the one intituled, An tiousMeet- Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Govern- ings. ment against seditious and treasonable Attempts, the other. An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, which Bills, in the Petitioners Apprehension, strike at the Root of British Freedom, by depriving the Subject of his dearest Rights, the Liberty of free Discussion: They humbly pray, That the House will not permit the said Bills to pass into a Law, the existing Law s being, in the Petitioners Opinion, fully adequate for the Security of His Majesty's Person, the Preservation of good Government, and the Happiness of the People.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Suburbs of Paisley, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners beg Leave humbly to represent, that, full of Attachment to our most Gracious Sovereign, they regarded with deep Indignation and Abhorrence the wicked and audacious Attempt which was made against His Majesty's Person on the Day when the present Session of Parliament commenced, and trust, from the general Detestation of it which is expressed in every Corner of the Land, that His Majesty shall both live and reign secure in the Affections of a free and happy People, notwithstanding an Attempt which could only proceed from some of the most profligate and abandoned Characters: The Petitioners beg I^eave further to represent their firm Attachment to the British Constitution, and their ardent Wish to have it preserved in all its Excellency to their Children and to Posterity: It is therefore with no small Anxiety and Concern that the Petitioners have beheld Two Bills brought into Parliament, intituled, A Bill for the better securing His Majesty's Person and Government, and another for more effectually preventing all seditious Meetings and Assemblies, by which, if they should pass into Laws, the Petitioners apprehend some of the dearest Privileges of the Subjects of these Realms, the Liberty of declaring and publishing their Sentiments upon Measures of Administration, and of meeting together for the Purpose of considering any Grievances which they may feel, and petitioning Parliament for Redress, will be greatly retrenched, if not entirely taken away:

Anxious for the Peace of our Country, and the good Order of Society among us in these unstable and dangerous Times, the Petitioners look forward with Apprehension to the pent-up Dissatisfaction of the People, and to the sullen and awful Silence which will ensue: Friends to that Government under which the Petitioners and their Fathers have lived with Safety and Comfort, the Petitioners wish it to be always established not only by the Law's but in the Hearts of the Subjects, which the Petitioners believe to be its firmest Support: They therefore humbly and earnestly petition the House against the passing of those Bills, which the Petitioners conceive to be of the most alarming Tendency and of the most dangerous Consequence, and more especially as, if the Petitioners might be allowed

Petition against the Bilk for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings, deferred.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, Arc. deferred.

36 Gf.o. III. 24'' — 25" JVovembris. 109

allowed to form an Opinion, they are convinced that the Laws already existing are sufficient to secure the Government of these Kingdoms against any Attack which may be made upon it.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Farringdon Without, in the City of , at a Ward

Meeting, legally assembled, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel the deepest Concern and Indignation at the late atrocious Attack upon His Majesty's Person, and earnestly desire that the Perpetrators of that most daring Outrage may speedily receive the Punishment justly due to so heinous a Crime, which the Petitioners humbly conceive the Laws now in being are competent to effect: That, whilst the Petitioners profess their Loyal Attachment to a Sovereign, endeared to His Subjects by Virtues which at once dignify and adorn His exalted Station, and avow themselves the determined Enemies to Anarchy and Licentiousness, they contemplate, with the most painful Sensations, the Two Bills now before the House, for restraining in future all Public Meetings, by several new and alarming Regulations, as being founded upon a most unworthy Pretext, and as violating one of the fundamental Principles of Nature, and the Bill of Rights; for, the Petitioners observe, with equal Surprize and Grief, that those Bills manifestly proceed on the unjust Grounds of a general Disaffection to the King, and the-other Branches of the Legislature; thereby conveying to all Europe an Idea, ever to be reprobated, that this brave, loyal, and generous People are Accomplices of a lawless Banditti, and Friends to Anarchy and Disorder, and, by a singularly cruel and dangerous Policy, implicating a whole Nation in the atrocious Attempts of a few unprincipled Villains, or the violent Ebullitions of a thoughtless Mob, irritated possibly by Sufferings, the Result of Famine and of War: That the Petitioners have been taught, from the earliest Infancy, to regard it as their sacred and unalienable Right to discuss with Freedom, at public as well as private Meetings, every Public Measure which may directly or indirectly affect their Privileges, and they humbly conceive that Right to be essential to the very Existence of this free and admirable Constitution, which, for more than a century past, hath been the Pride of Britons, and the Envy of the World: That the Petitioners cannot but consider the Bills, now pending before the House, as utterly incompatible with that natural and Constitutional Right, and as calculated fatally to undermine and shake that glorious Fabrick, which hath been erected by the progressive Wisdom, and cemented by the Blood of our Ancestors: That for these, and many other Reasons, the Petitioners most servently hope and pray that the House, sis the delegated Guardians of the Rights of the People, will not pass the said Bills into Laws.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies;

And the House, having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, " for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or " Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort " of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and Voi. 51.

" for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the " Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for " Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty j" and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 95* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III. H Regis, 1795.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue the Term of Two Famborough Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the s®ve"-Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Bill* ptniC(1 Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening ' the Road leading from The Well, at the North-West End of the Town or Village of Famborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called in the

Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Well, at the North-West End of the Town or Village of Famborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Wades Mill, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Barley, and Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years o'f his late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, reported.* for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Bill to alter the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of The and amend Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, The Grand and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to Canal<Acta, be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts reported, of Parliament, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

F f A Petition

Petition against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of llis Majesty's Person, &c.

Petition against the Bills fur the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

110 25° Novembris. A. 1795.

A Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, and its Vicinity, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, which is now depending in the House, appears to the Petitioners an Infringement on the true, ancient, and indubitable Rights and Liberties of the Subjects of this Realm: That the People of Great Britain have hitherto, of Right, assembled for discussing Political Grievances, and, as Circumstances demanded, have instructed their Representatives, petitioned Parliament, or addressed the King: That the Petitioners humbly conceive the Laws already existing provide sufficiently against any riotous or seditious Conduct at Popular Meetings: That the Bill proposed will enable individual Members of the Executive Power to control the Constitutional Liberties of the People; that it will impose unnecessary Restraints on their Assemblies; invest Magistrates with an undefined and discretionary Authority of suppressing fair Discussion; and although no riotous Intentions are manifested, will empower them to imprison their Fellow Subjects, dissolve their Meetings, and endanger their Lives by Military Execution: That the Petitioners have observed, with Concern, another Bill now also depending, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of llis Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; a Bill which hazards the Security of the Subject, by extending the most severe Punishments to Offences ambiguously described: That the Petitioners feel the utmost Abhorrence at the Outrages lately offered to the Constitution and to the Person of His Majesty, whose Safety, nevertheless, they humbly conceive, will not be more effectually established by the Bills proposed, than by the Laws already in Existence: The Petitioners therefore humbly and earnestly implore, That the House will prevent the Bills so depending from being passed into Laws, and will preserve inviolate the present Constitution, with the Rights and Privileges of the People.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners approach the House with Sentiments of unfeigned Attachment to the Principles of the Constitution, established by the glorious Resolution of 1688: That the Petitioners have seen with Indignation, the Principles of that Constitution violated by the atrocious Insult lately offered to the Person of llis Majesty; but that the Petitioners view, with the most serious Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, the other An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, the obvious Tendency of which is to invest the Magistrates with new and arbitrary Powers, to introduce new Penal Laws and constructive Treasons, and to build, upon the Ruins of our dearest Rights, a System incompatible with any free Constitution whatever: That the Petitioners consider the said Bills as unnecessary, impolitic, and unconstitutional — Unnecessary, because the existing Laws are adequate as well to the Detection as to the Punishment of Offenders — Impolitic, because they will lessen that Confidence which should subsist between the People and their Representatives, and that Respect which is due to the Magistrates and the Laws — and Unconstitutional, because they tend to frustrate the Provisions of the Bill of Rights, to deprive the People of the Privileges of Petition and Remonstrance, to prevent the House from a.

being informed of the Wishes of its Constituents, to extend the Influence of the Executive Power, and, by restraining the Constitutional Exercise of Political Discussion, to surrender into its Hands the Bulwarks of Popular Liberty: Therefore the Petitioners most humbly entreat the House not to permit the said Bills to become the Laws of the Realm: That the Petitioners, convinced that the present Apprehensions of Public Danger arise more from the Continuance of a disastrous War, than from any other Cause, are of Opinion that the Restoration of Peace, by lessening the Public Burthens, will better tend to allay Popular Discontent than the most coercive Regulations: They therefore humbly hope that the House will use its best Exertions to obtain a Termination of Hostilities, as the most certain Means of preserving internal Tranquillity.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition the City, Close, College, and Suburbs, of Winchester, resPcynn8 was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, impressed with Horror at the late outrageous Insult offered to the Person of our revered and beloved Sovereign, and apprehending the greatest Danger to our happy Constitution, to the Tranquillity of our Country, and to the Security of our Persons and Property, from seditious Assemblies, in which Doctrines are publicly inculcated subversive of all Government, of all Religion, and of all true Civil Liberty, beg Leave to petition the House to concur with the other Branches of the Legislature in passing such Laws as shall more effectually secure His Majesty's Person and Dignity, and prevent such Meetings from being Sources of Sedition and Treason, in whatever Manner to the Wisdom of the House shall seem best.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pole Carczv reported from the Committee, to Petition for whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble -enlarging Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Eau Brink others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze and King's to and from the Town of King's L, in the County of j->'nn Norfolk, and Owners of Lands lying in, and adjoining Act'reported to, the Middle and South Level of the l-'ens, called Bedford Level, anti of the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, and in divers other Lands adjoining, or near to, the said River Ouze, and draining through the same to Sea, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation and Drainage Bills (except so far as the same are dispensed with by the Order of the House of the 19th Day of June in the last Session of Parliament) had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near, to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near, to the River O, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the ‘said River Ouze from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation 01 the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze,

was

36 Geo. III.

Ill

was read; by which it appeared, that a Yearly Tax of Four Pence per Acre is rated, taxed, charged, and assessed upon certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, and also a Tonnage of Four Pence per Ton upon certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, for the Term of Ten Years: — That the Commissioners for Drainage under the said Act are empowered to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of 70,000l. upon the Credit of the Taxes payable by virtue of the said Act, and on the Three Fourth Parts of the Tolls therein directed to be paid to them by the Commissioners for Navigation under the said Act, and also upon the bare Sands and Channel, thereby vested m Trust for the said Commissioners for Drainage: And, that the Commissioners for Navigation under the said Act are empowered to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of 8,000 /. upon the Credit of the Fourth Part of the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be collected and made payable to them: — Then,

Mr. William Lemmon, Clerk to the Commissioners for executing the said Act, being examined, said, That in order to induce Persons to lend Money on the Credit of the Act, and for the better securing and re-paying such Money, it is necessary that the Term limited for the Payment of the said Tax on Lands, and Tonnage Rates on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, should be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving " the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, " Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford " Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, " the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or " near to, the River in the County of Norfolk,

41 draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour " of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for alter-

" ing and improving the Navigation of the said River " Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the " Parish of IViggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, " to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several " Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze:" And that Mr. Pole Cartw and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for Relief Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House incorporated to res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, by Acts of upon the Bill for the better Relief of the Poor within Parliament, the several Hundreds and Districts in that Part of transmitted Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Committee. -Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thd Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled,

" An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Vol. 51.

Bill to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry ordered.

" Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices,'' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend so much of the said Act as empowers Justices of the Peace at, or within Six Weeks after, every General Quarter Sessions held at Easter, to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry: And that Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr. Honywood, Sir John Rous, Sir Charles Bunbury,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Sheridan, and Sir William Young, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Notice being taken, that Filmer Honywood, Esquire, and William Smith, Esquire, were now present in their Places, in the House;

The Orders, made Yesterday, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House on that Day Seven-night, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited " Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from " Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, " or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home " Consumption, on Payment of Duty j" and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Working Cordwainers, Taylors, Hatters, Curriers, Carpenters, Weavers, Smiths, Stay-makers, Book-binders, Printers, Tinplate Workers, &c. &c. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are impressed with the highest Reverence and Respect for the Constitution of this Kingdom, established at the Resolution in the Year 1688: That the Petitioners view, with the utmost Concern, the Unconstitutional Innovation now attempting to be made on their most sacred and indubitable Rights, by Two Bills now before the House, the one intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, and the other, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts: That the Petitioners humbly conceive, such Bills will entirely deprive the Petitioners of the free Exercise of their Liberties transmitted to them by their Ancestors, and, for the slightest Resistance, subject them to all the Horrors of Military Execution: That the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that the last of such Bills contains an arbitrary Accumulation of Treasons, calculated to harrass and oppress the Petitioners, without affording any additional Security to the Person of His Majesty; by the former Bill the Petitioners cannot legally meet together to make their

Grievance?

Bill to preventObstruc" tions to the free Passage of Grain, &c. presented.

Orders for Attendance of certain Members, discharged.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c. deferred.

Petition against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of IIi3 Majesty's Person, &c.

A. 1795.

112

25° Novem

Grievances known, except in the Presence of a Magistrate, whose Attendance is made necessary, not merely for the Preservation of the Peace, but for the Purpose of controlling the Sentiments to be uttered: The Petitioners do humbly hope the House will feel a proper Degree of Resentment against the Principle of such Bills, as affecting the Liberties of the whole Body of the People of England: And therefore implore the House to reject such Bills, which tend only to alienate their Affections from the Constitution, and to weaken their Regard for the Laws.

Petitions A Petition of the working Bakers of London and its

against the Environs, w^as also presented to the House, and read; ^reventin Setting forth, That the Petitioners are impressed with

Seditious a due and steady sense of the great Blessings which the

Meetings; British Constitution is capable of affording to all and for the Ranks and Distinctions of Men: That, from a Sense Safety of i» tjlose great and glorious Rights, established to this Person' &c. Nation at the Resolution of it)6S, and recognized by the Union of the Two Kingdoms in the lleign of her Majesty Queen Anne, being essential to the Happiness of the People at large, by securing to them the Freedom of Speech, and Petition in Cases of Grievance, the Petitioners are seriously alarmed at an Attempt, publicly declared to be now in Agitation, to carry through the Legislature Two Bills, the one intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings, and Assemblies, and the other An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; tending and purporting to destroy and do away their essential and invaluable Rights: That the Petitioners, seeing and knowing that a most serious and just Apprehension pervades every of His Majesty's true and faithful Subjects, upon the Grounds of the said purposed Laws, they feel themselves bound, by their Love of their Country and its Constitution, and their Respect for the Person and high Station of His Majesty, to implore the House not to suffer the said Bills, designed to interfere with, and obstruct, the free Discussion of their Rights and Liberties, or their Meetings for such Purposes, and petitioning regarding the same, to pass into Laws: And the Petitioners further add, that, by preventing such Bill or Bills from being carried into Effect as Laws, by whomsoever preferred, proposed, or supported, the House will secure the Love and Attachment of many Hundred Thousand loyal Subjects, who, if such Laws should be passed, will feel no Affection for the Constitution when it shall no longer afford them those invaluable Liberties.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply affected at the melancholy Prospect of a further Continuance of the present desolating War, by which our Trade has been mined, Mechanical Labour reduced, and Famine, they fear, will be added to the innumerable Calamities already heaped upon our Heads: Much as the Petitioners are afflicted by the Evils above mentioned, they feel themselves much more so when they contemplate the immense Loss of Blood and Treasure occasioned by the Attempt to accomplish Objects which evidently appear to the Petitioners unattainable: The Petitioners also, considering the pacific Disposition of the present Rulers of France, trust that their Form of Government will not influence the Minds of the House against, or prove an Obstacle to a speedy Restoration of Peace to our once flourishing but now distressed Country: The Petitioners therefore beseech the House to adopt such Measures as in their Wisdom may seem meet to attain so desirable an End: The Petitioners also have heard, with the utmost Abhorrence, of the late daring Outrages committed upon the sacred Person of His Majesty, but venerating, as they do, our excellent and invaluable Constitution,

they beg Leave to state to the House their entire Disapprobation of certain Bills now pending in Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government, and, An Act to prevent seditious Assemblies: And, conceiving that the Laws now in Force are adequate to the Preservation of Public Peace, and sufficiently coercive and efficacious as to the momentous Exigencies of the present Times, do most humbly pray that the House will not pass those Bills into Laws.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition the Town and Neighbourhood of , was also against the

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Safet°VfHi* the Petitioners, being duly and deeply sensible of the Majesty's Wisdom, the Justice, and the Humanity, which have Person, &c. so much distinguished the Laws of England, and being impressed, in particular, with the highest Admiration of the ancient and venerable Statute of the Twenty-fifth of Edward the Third, by which the Law of Treason is most clearly defined, and by which it has hitherto been found that the Safety of the King, the Security of the Subject, and the Preservation of the Common Weal, are wisely and sufficiently provided for, and conceiving, upon mature and serious Deliberation, that a certain Bill, now pending before the House, intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Attempts, does endanger the wise and wholesome Securities, established for the Safety of the Subject, by the said Statute of Edward the Third, and does, without good and sufficient Reasons, create several Treasons new and unheard of since the Resolution of 1GS8 — conceiving also, that, in other Clauses of the said Bill, now pending before the House, the Crime of Sedition is described in Terms vague and ambiguous, so as to render the Nature and Extent of it uncertain — and conceiving likewise that the Extension of the Punishment heretofore annexed to seditious Offences, as provided for in the said Bill, is a Degree of Severity not warranted by any existing Necessity, and equally abhorrent from the Principles of sound Policy, and those of Justice and Humanity — and justly dreading the Effects of such a Bill, upon the Public Opinion and Public Tranquillity, under the peculiar and awful Circumstances o7 the Times, do most humbly and earnestly supplicate that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition the Borough of Warwick, and its Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read j Setting preventing forth, That the Petitioners, being firmly and un- Seditious feignedly attached to the Constitutional Principles of Meeting* this Kingdom, as acted upon by their Ancestors in many Reigns, and recognized and established at the memorable and glorious Resolution of i(iS8 — and being anxious to enjoy for themselves, and transmit to their Posterity, undiminished and unimpaired, the important and most sacred Rights, both of Petition for Redress of Grievances, and of Public and Private Discussion upon all Measures of all Administrations, which may, directly or indirectly, affect their Lives, their Property, and their Liberty — and conceiving, on mature and solemn /Deliberation, that a Bill now pending before the House, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, does, in a most unexampled Manner, and to a most alarming Extent, invade the soundest and most valuable Securities for the Continuance of that Constitution which they hold so dear, and does also, under various Pretexts, and some of them, it should seem, futile or fallacious, endanger, equally in its remote and immediate Consequences, those Bulwarks, which the Wisdom of their venerable Forefathers, and the Authority of many wholesome Laws, have provided for the Preservation of their Happiness and their Freedom: And justly dreading the Effects of

36 (jeo. 111.

25° Novembris.

113

such a Bill upon Public Opinion and Public Tranquillity, under the peculiar and awful Circumstances of the Times, do most humbly and earnestly supplicate, That the House will not pass the said Bill into a Law'.

Petition A Petition of a Number of the Inhabitants of the

BUI for pre- ^own , was also presented to the House,

venting Se- and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are not ditious Meet- less deeply affected with the Dangers to which our ing*. Liberty is exposed by the proposed Measure of in-

troducing a Bill into Parliament to prevent Meetings of His Majesty's faithful Subjects than at the late Outrage upon His Majesty's sacred Person, which is held out as the Ground of the proposed Bill: They deprecate the Growth of Disaffection and the Spread of Tumult, and therefore dread the passing of a Bill, of the Nature proposed, into a Law, which would increase the one and promote the other: They would not speak of past Measures which were adopted to circumscribe the Freedom of the Subject; the Petitioners Attention is absorbed in the present Attempt, which, if carried into a Law', will deprive Britons of those Rights which their Ancestors earned with many a Struggle, and purchased at the Price of much Blood: Such a Law', by confining Disaffection, instead of allowing it an Opportunity to spend its Force, will only give it Time to acquire redoubled Energy and renewed Elasticity: It is not the Disease which appears externally, but the secret Poison, which finding no Vent, unseen spreads its Malignity, and undermines the Frame, that is most to be dreaded: The Petitioners know that it is not their Province to dictate, but they conceive it their Duty to pray, that, instead of putting them under further Restraints, the House would apply the Wisdom of Parliament to ameliorate, and the Energy of Government to enforce, Jormer Laws: the Petitioners confess that they are at a Loss to conceive for what Reason the rest of the Kingdom should be deprived or restrained, in their Right of assembling, on Account of the irregular Behaviour of some imprudent or malicious Persons in the Metropolis: The Safety of His Majesty, in the Petitioners humble Opinion, would be more effectually secured by the Affection of a free, than by the Terror of a restricted, People — and who would wish to be defended by the Hedge of Law when he may repose under the Shade of Love: Moderation of Measures, not Severity of Punishment, would regain His Majesty the Love and Affection of the most disaffected. To prevent Disaffection from having Recourse to the dreadful Efforts of Despair, the Petitioners entreat that the House would pause, and, finally, exclude any Bill, which, under Pretence of defending the Person of His Majesty, is calculated to lay unnecessary and unconstitutional Restrictions upon the People: By attending to this Petition, and preserving the Liberty of the Subject inviolate, the House will have an additional Claim upon the Affection of the Country, and the Gratitude of the Petitioners.

Petition A Petition of the Inhabitants of Dunse, was also pre-

against the sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it Bills for the is One of the express Constitutional Rights of Britons Safety of Hie to meet together in perfect Freedom, to take into Person&c Consideration any Grievances they may be labouring and for ' under, and to petition the House, or the other Parts preventing of the British Legislature, for a Redress of them; and Seditious that this Right is one of the best Securities for the *" free and undiminished Possession of all the other Rights of Britons: That the Petitioners have therefore seen, with great Surprize and great Uneasiness, Two Bills brought into the House, namely, a Bill for better securing His Majesty's Person and Government, and a Bill Tor the more effectual Prevention of seditious Meetings; for, by the First of these Bills, the Right of petitioning is injured, and, by the Second, it is in a Manner destroyed; the Exercise of it being put Vot. 51.

under such Circumstances, that the mere Right itself will be no longer worth possessing, nay, nor can actually be exercised at all by Free and Independent Men: That, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the said Bills are in their Nature as injurious to the House of Hanover, and to the British Constitution, as they are to the People of Great Britain; seeing the y cannot be carried into Execution without alienating the Affec-

tions of Britons from their King, the Head of that

House, and from the System of Government, which can admit Laws so justly odious: The Petitioners therefore do most earnestly entreat the House, That, in its Wisdom, and from a Regard, as well to the Constitutional Rights of Britons, of which it is the Natural Protector, as to the Constitutionally Royal House of Honored', and to that System of Government it makes a Part of, it will reject the Two Bills of which the Petitioners complain.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freemen, Petition Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Bo- "8j*inst t,m rough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County Safetycinj of Devon, whose Names are thereunder-written, was also Majesty's presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Person' &c. the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Tenor of a and for. Bill, intituled, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; which Meetings, is at present depending in the House, and which Bill appears to the Petitioners to be an Encroachment on one of the most ancient and Constitutional Rights and Liberties of the Subjects of this Kingdom, namely, that oLpeaceably assembling for the Discussion of their Grievances, and of petitioning Parliament or addressing the King, as Circumstances may require, and which Right of the Subject will, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, be entirely annihilated if clogged with so many Restrictions as are contained in the intended Bill: That the proposed Bill, by enabling an individual Member of the Executive Government to controul, or, by his simple Veto, totally to prevent the Constitutional Right of the People of assembling to discuss the Grievances under which they labour, and of using Constitutional Measures for redressing them, will be a total Alteration of our happy Constitution as established at the Resolution; a Constitution which, the Petitioners doubt not, would (if preserved in its original Purity) continue the Wonder and Admiration of Ages: That the Petitioners have also observed, with the deepest Concern, another Bill, now also depending, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; a Bill which exposes the Subject to the severest Pains and Penalties for the Commission of Offences described with the most vague Ambiguity:

That the Petitioners feel the utmost Abhorrence of the late Outrage committed against the Person of His Majesty, whose Safety, they humbly conceive, is sufficiently secured by the Laws already in Existence, and have therefore to lament that such gross Enormities (from whatever Source originating) have been artfully made a Pretext for enacting Laws which every free born Briton is, in Duty to himself and his Posterity, bound, by every Constitutional Method, to oppose and prevent: When the Petitioners consider the enormous Burthens under which this Country labours, and look forward to a Time when all Hopes of Relief are cut off by the Prevention of dutiful Petitions and Addresses to Parliament and to His Majesty, they cannot anticipate, without Horror, the direful Consequences which are likely to result from the Adoption of Measures so inconsistent with the unalienable Rights of Freemen, and so inimical to His Majesty and His illustrious Family, who were, by the Voice of the People, called to the exalted Throne of these Dominions for the Support of those Rights and Privileges which are thus insidiously attempted to be subverted and destroyed:

Li

114

W JVovembns. . 1795.

Petition against the Hills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, & c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition in favour of D° Bills.

Petition against D# Bills.

The Petitioners therefore earnestly entreat, That the House will prevent the Bills, so depending, being passed into Law, and will preserve inviolate the present Constitution, and the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, whose Guardians they are.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, whilst the Petitioners have observed, with the most decided Disapprobation, the late Tumultuary Outrage upon the Person of His Majesty, they have observed, with Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; which, if passed into Laws, will, in their Apprehension, overthrow the most valuable Privileges of Englishmen, and the latter of which, in particular, they conceive, tends grievously to infringe upon their Right of petitioning the several Branches of the Legislature, as having for its direct Object the total Suppression of all Public Discussion, and of every formal Declaration of Popular Opinion, in any the most peaceable and orderly Assembly, unless conformable to the Will of the local Magistrate for the Time being; every such Magistrate being, according to that Bill, to be armed with a perfectly arbitrary Power of judging concerning Intention, and of summary Arrest: The Petitioners therefore, in Duty equally to themselves and to Posterity, earnestly pray, That the House will put their decisive Negative upon them.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Common Councilmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Southm in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, feeling, in common with the rest of His Majesty's loyal Subjects, the Danger with which the Constitution is threatened by the Obtrusion of certain Doctrines, wholly novel to this Country, and subversive of all the Principles of Order and Government; seeing also the Necessity of counteracting the Growth of this alarming Evil, by stretching out the Laws to meet the peculiar Licentiousness of the Times, take this Method of conveying their Sentiments to the Bar of both Houses of Parliament, humbly imploring them to persist in such Measures, as may appear, to their Wisdom, to be effectual to the putting a Stop to these daring Innovations: The Petitioners particularly look for their Security to the Two Bills now pending in Parliament, for the better Protection of His Majesty's sacred Person, and for the Prevention of traitorous and seditious Meetings, and earnestly pray that the Provisions therein contained may speedily pass into Law: And further pray. That they may be followed up by such other Regulations as may be deemed adequate to the securing the Dignity of Parliament, the Authorities of the Realm, and the Public Peace, from the Inroads of those criminal Movers of Treason and Sedition, who are continually employing every Artifice to seduce the Idle and Illiterate, and to make them the Instruments of their own Ruin, and of the Subversion of the State.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners reflect, with the greatest Indignation and Abhorrence, on the insolent and wicked Attack upon the Person of their Sovereign, and trust that the Wisdom of Parliament will be strenuously exerted in endeavouring to discover the real Authors of so daring and atrocious an Outrage; convinced that, whether they be found among open Enemies or (what is altogether as probable) pretended Friends, the Nation will most cordially rejoice at their meeting with their merited

Punishment: That while they sincerely lament that any of their Fellow Subjects could be so unprincipled as to violate, in the Person of their King, that happy Constitution under which they have enjoyed such Advantages, the Petitioners cannot help feeling an extreme Alarm at finding it made the Pretext for bringing Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, the other. An Act to prevent seditious Assemblies; the obvious Tendency of which is the Abolition of those Privileges which have always been hitherto considered as their fundamental Rights: That, accustomed to look up to a British House of Commons as the Barrier which is to secure our Lives, Properties, and Freedom, against the Attempts of the Disaffected and the Turbulent, the undue Extension of Prerogative, or the Treachery of abandoned Ministers, the Petitioners cannot sufficiently express their Dissatisfaction and Astonishment at the unexampled Rapidity with which Bills, so important in their Consequences, have hitherto proceeded through all the Stages of their Progress; neither are the Petitioners much less surprized that the Purposes they profess to have in View are the better protecting of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the more effectual Security of the British Constitution: To promote such Purposes as these, the Petitioners trust they shall be found as zealous as any of His Majesty's most loyal Subjects, but they humbly conceive that the Bills, to which they refer, are not only extremely inadequate to effect such Purposes, but, if passed into Laws, will annihilate the Remainder of those Liberties, without which, Existence to a Briton loses Half its Value: That the Petitioners cannot conceive that free Discussion has a Tendency to injure Truth, or the Persons of those who shall wish to support its Authority; that they see not, at present, the slightest Reason to imagine that the late most atrocious Attempt on the Person of our Sovereign has any Connection with the Actions of any Society that has met for the Purpose of discussing Political Subjects, much less do they imagine it can ever sanction an Attempt to prevent us from exercising the most important of our Privileges, the remonstrating with the Legislature or our Sovereign on the Grievances under which we suffer, or censuring the Conduct of His Ministers when encroaching on our dearest Rights: That the Petitioners are fully persuaded that Restraints upon the Liberty of the Press, and the Freedom of Speech, beyond what are already imposed by the existing Laws, not only have the strongest Tendency to produce Discontents, which will always be more dangerous, because they will be always more secret, but will furnish a more reasonable Ground for Dislike of Government than even its most virulent Enemies at present possess: That the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced, that removing the present Grievances and Burthens of the People, in which the War has been so abundantly fruitful, will have a more powerful Effect in recalling the Misled, conciliating the Disaffected, and restraining the Unwary and Imprudent, than any Laws, the most rigid that can be invented, which will always be dangerous in Proportion to their ill-timed Severity: Deeply impressed with the Truth and Importance of these Sentiments, zealous in Defence of our established Constitution (of which Liberty to discuss the Propriety of all Public Measures, and petition against Grievances and Oppression, make so very important a Part) the Petitioners most ardently entreat and supplicate the House, That those Bills, so injurious to our Rights, and oppressive and dangerous in their Consequences, may never be permitted to become a Part of that Code, to which the Petitioners have hitherto looked up with Veneration and Gratitude, and that Peace may be restored, by the Efforts of the House, to a patient and loyal Nation, on which War has accumulated such grievous Burthens and Distress, and whose Prospects,

« if

36 Geo. III.

25° Novembris.

115

Petition

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

Petition against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

if it should be permitted to continue any longer, will 'not be illuminated by "a single Ray of Hope.

A 'Petition Of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the 'Borough of Leeds, in Common Iiall assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long beheld, with deep Concern, the daring Attempts which have been made, by many discontented and ill-designing Persons within these Realms, to overturn the Constitution of this Country, and thereby to bring us into a State of Anarchy and Wretchedness, which the Petitioners most earnestly deprecate: That the Petitioners humbly conceive, that the Laws now existing have not provided an adequate Punishment for the highly seditious Practices which of late have taken place in these Kingdoms, nor have afforded sufficient Means of Prevention against Measures so destructive of Public Peace and good Government, as to threaten the Overthrow of our happy Constitution: The Petitioners therefore do humbly entreat the House, in Concurrence with the other Branches of the Legislature, to enact such Laws as, in their Wisdom, they shall deem most proper for protecting the Person of our gracious Sovereign, the suppressing of seditious Meetings and Practices, and for preventing the Dissemination of such corrupt Principles as endanger the Security of our most excellent Government.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Suburbs of Winchester, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, whilst the Petitioners detest the base Motives and the dastardly Conduct of the Persons who were guilty of so daring an Outrage to His Majesty's most sacred Person in -His Passage to and from Parliament, and sincerely hope that the Perpetrators and Abettors thereof may be brought to condign Punishment; they cannot remain silent on the extraordinary and alarming Tenor of the Bills now pending in Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; and the other, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; as they manifestly appear to proceed on the unjust Grounds of a general Disaffection in the Nation to the King and the other Branches of the Government, and thereby convey an Idea that this brave and generous People are Accomplices of a lawless Mob, and are Friends to Anarchy and Disorder: Knowing it to be the sacred and inviolable Privilege of Britons to take into their serious Consideration every Measure that affects their happy Constitution and their dearest Privileges, the Petitioners beg Leave to state their Apprehensions of the disastrous Effects that may result from their passing into Laws: The Petitioners must therefore, as bound by every Principle of Honour and Virtue, every Thing dear to themselves and their Posterity, humbly remonstrate against the House passing the said Bills into Laws, as they humbly conceive them to counteract the most sacred Principles of our invaluable Constitution, and may lay a Foundation for the Destruction of that glorious Fabric erected by the progressive Wisdom, and cemented by the best Blood of our Ancestors.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

preventing

Seditious

Meetings.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill so« Upon the Bill for the snore effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

70.

269.

Tellers for the Yeas,

272.

Mr. Christian Cttncen,'!

Mr Whitbread, Junior:/

Mr. Steele, 1

Mr. Wallace: J

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do, in the first Place, enquire into the Truth of the several Matters alledged in the Preambles of the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fMr. Robert Smith,

<! Mr. Alderman { ham:

I Mr. Francis, I

Mr. Michael Angelo > 76.

Taylor: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Notice being taken, that Richard Barwell, Esquire, Order for was now present in his Place, in the House; tf^lember

The Order, made Yesterday, for the said Member discharged/' to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill for the Reading of the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Flection of Mem- ance of\Vrits, bers to serve in Parliament; deferred.

And the House having continued to sit till after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Colonel Hay's Letter of Service, presented.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of Colonel Hay's Letter of Service; dated 2d April 1794.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 51.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon Tuesday Morning next '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Bill for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. deferred.

Report Supply deferred.

Supply

deferred.

116 25° — 2 6° Nov em . 1795.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Feilitzsch's Nat. Bill, presented.

Wades Mill, Barley, and Royston Roads Bill, passed.

Petition

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

Jorvis, 26° die Novembris

Anno 36* Georgii III'1' Regis, 1795.

Pea vers.

MR. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest Baron de Feilitzsch: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Mill, in the County of Hertford, to and Royston,

in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Mill, in

the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, Householders residing in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have witnessed, with no less Astonishment than Horror, the atrocious Attempt made on His Majesty's Royal Person, in His Passage to Parliament, on the First Day of the present Session; and are firmly determined to risk their Lives, if called upon, in Defence of our Sovereign, whose Public and Private Virtues have so strong a Claim on the most affectionate Attachment of a dutiful and loyal People: That it is impossible for the Petitioners not to impute the Outrages, which have taken place, to those seditious Assemblies, where Language has been repeatedly held, and Proceedings adopted, calculated to stimulate the Ill-disposed and Disaffected to the Disturbance of the Public Tranquillity, to the most daring Violation of the Laws, to the extreme Hazard of His Majesty's Person, and to the Contempt of His Government: That the Petitioners consider these Outrages as directed, not only against His Majesty's sacred Person, but against the Independence of Parliament, and the established Constitution, and they most anxiously hope, that the House may be enabled, in its Wisdom, to devise some effectual Means to prevent the Repetition of them; at the same Time assuring the House of their most determined Co-operation, and active Exertions, in Defence of the best of Sovereigns, and of those Laws and Liberties, and of that Constitution, the Preservation of which is so intimately connected, not only with the Security of His Majesty's Person, but with the Observance of that Respect due to the First Magistrate.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, Householders of the Petition City and Liberties of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have witnessed, with no less Astonishment than Horror, the atrocious Attempt made on His Majesty's Royal Person, in His Passage to Parliament, on the First Day of the present Session; and are firmly determined to risk their Lives, if called upon, in Defence of our Sovereign, whose Public and Private Virtues have so strong a Claim on the most affectionate Attachment of a dutiful and loyal People: That it is impossible for the Petitioners not to impute the Outrages, which have taken place, to those seditious Assemblies, where Language has been repeatedly held, and Proceedings adopted, calculated to stimulate the Ill-disposed and Disaffected to the Disturbance of the Public Tranquillity, to the most daring Violation of the Laws, to the extreme Hazard of His Majesty's Person, and to the Contempt of His Government: That the Petitioners consider these Outrages as directed, not only against His Majesty's sacred Person, but against the Independence of Parliament, and the established Constitution, and they most anxiously hope that the House may be enabled, in its Wisdom, to devise some effectual Means to prevent the Repetition of them; at the same Time assuring the House of their most determined Cooperation, and active Exertions, iu Defence of the best of Sovereigns, and of those Laws and Liberties, and of that Constitution, the Preservation of which is so intimately connected, not only with the Security of His Majesty's Person, but with the Observance of that Respect due to the First Magistrate.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Petition in unto subscribed, Inhabitants of Leicester, was likewise favour of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That gafet^flSs the Petitioners have seen, with Indignation and Ab- Majesty's horrence, the daring Outrage which lately threatened the Person, 4c.; Safety of His Majesty's Person, and endangered the and forpre-very Existence of the Constitution: That the Petitioners tious Moet^*~ cannot but attribute this nefarious Attempt to the ings. Operation of those Principles which have newly been transplanted in this happy Country, propagated with the most active Industry by its secret Enemies, and founded upon the very Spirit of its open ones; and they humbly submit to the House, that, whilst the Practice of systematically destroying a good Opinion of the Government is suffered to prevail, the Government itself is attacked, and in Danger: That the Petitioners are persuaded that the present Laws do not sufficiently secure the peaceable and the good Subjects against the Machinations of the Disaffected and the Profligate:

They therefore pray the House to pass Two Bills now depending in it, intituled, the one, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Dean Forest thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Roads Peti" Inhabitants, in the Neighbourhood of His Majesty's "on‘

Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and also, of several Persons, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Parishes of Newland, English Bicknor, and

Stanton, and also in the Tything and Dutchy of in the Parish of Awre, in the said County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That several Roads leading through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and from thence to, and through, the said Parish of Newland, and also from the said Forest to, and through, the Tything of Etloe, and the Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish of Awre, in the said County,

that

1

36 Geo. III.

26°', Novem

117

that is to say, from Mitcheldean to a Place called Col- below the said Mills, and from the East Side of the ford's Lane End, towards the Town of Colford, and said River, near Stoke , in the said Parish of

from thence to, and through, Colford, to a Place called ,to the West Side of the said River, , in the

Highmeadow, and from a Place called Saint White's, near Parish of Monckton , in the County of the

Littledean, to the Town of Colford aforesaid, and from Line of the said Canal will be made much shorter, and a Place called The Bottom of the Viney Hill, within the more convenient to the Public, a better Junction with, said Forest, to a Place called Coalway Lane End, near the Wiltshire and Berkshire Canal will be formed, a: the Town of Colford, and from thence to the Town Tunnel of great Length at Wof hall avoided, a very-of Colford, and from the said Place called The Bottom material Saving of Water in the Lockage at Devizes of the Viney Hill, through the Tything of Etloe, and will be made, a considerable Quantity of deep Cut-Dutchy of Etloe, to, and through, a Place called Gat- ting near saved, better and more convenient

comb, in the Parish of Awre, and to, and through, the Situations for crossing the River Axon will be obtained, Tything of Pyrton, in the Parish of Lidney, to a Place and an Aqueduct and expensive Embankment across called Gershill, in the said Tything of Pyrton and the Valley avoided; and that the said Vari-

Parish of Lidney, and from a certain Place called White ations will pass through and over a smaller Quantity Clift, in the Parish of Newland, through Newland, to a of Land, and be executed at less Expence, and be Place called The Cherry Orchard, in the Parish of Nero- more convenient to the Public, than the present Line land, and from a Place called Perry Grove to Clewer- of the said Canal; and that a Navigable Cut or Branch wall, and from a Place, called The Top of the Bearse, to from such varied Line between and Lady

the Bearse Farm House, and from a Place, called The Down Farm to Trowbridge, with a Bason at the End Road's Lane End, leading from the Village of Bream, to thereof, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Bearse Farm House, and from a Place, called the said Town and Neighbourhood, and of Public Bream's Cross Farm, to or near the Village of Bream, Utility; and that it would tend to the better carrying and from a Place, called Gunsmills, to the Street of the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, if some Littledean, and from a certain Place, called The Camp, of the Powers and Provisions thereof were altered and to a Place, called The Plough, and from a Place, called amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may The Foot of Mirystock Hill, to a Place, called Lid- be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Petitioners brook, and also a certain Road over a Place, called The to make such Variations in the said Line of the said Fence, in the said Forest, and also a certain Road, lead- Canal, and such Navigable Cut or Branch as aforesaid, ing from the said Forest to the Village of English and to make such other Amendments in the said Act, Bicknor, and also a certain Road, leading from the said as to the House shall appear necessary and proper. Forest to the Village of Staunton, which said several Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Roads do pass, go into, and through, different Parts of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and of the several Parishes examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it of Newland, Awre, Lidney, Littledean, Staunton, and shall appear to them, to the House:

English Bicknor, in the said County of Gloucester, And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. God-are in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious dard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, for Passengers, and cannot be properly amended and at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and repaired by the Laws now in being: And therefore have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Master, Mr. Adams, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition from Kidderminster, respecting the high

Petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The amend the Rennet and Axon Canal Navigation, was presented to Newbury ajid ^}ie House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, Act 80 passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Artificers, and Other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Kidderminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are deeply impressed with all the priceof sacred Obligations due to legal Authority, and equally Provisions, averse to all riotous and tumultuous Proceedings, as tending to introduce licentious Anarchy and lawless Confusion: That the Petitioners acknowledge all due Subordination in their respective Stations, but yet, as rational Beings in the Order of Creation, they cannot be unmindful of their natural Privileges as Men, nor be slavishly insensible of the many and intolerable Grievances we now labour under respecting the exorbitant high Price of all the Necessaries of Life, Grievances that have gradually crept In upon us from Time to Time, and invaded all our Domestic Comforts, and under the accumulated Pressure of

make a Navigable Canal from the River Rennet at or which we are now rapidly sinking into the most abject near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, State of Misery and \Vretchedness: That this dis-to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath; and couraging Distress, which bears hard upon the Trading

Part of the Community, is most severely felt by the lower Class of Society, the laborious Poor, whose indigent Situation in Life exposes them more immediately to its fatal Consequences, for, as many of the necessary Articles of Subsistence are near Four Times

the Petitioners have made some Progress in that Work; but it appears, by Surveys lately made, that, if the Line of the said Canal was varied in certain Parts in the County of Wilts from the Course originally intended for it, namely, from a certain Place

between Upper and Lower Foxhanger, in the Parish of the Price they were at Forty Years ago, it renders it Rowd, by Seend and Semington, to Lady Down Farm, utterly impossible for them to support themselves and near Trowbridge, and from Wolf hall Lane, leading to Families, with any tolerable Degree of Comfort, let Wolf hall Farm, to Brimslade House, and from a Close in their Industry or their Economy be exerted as it may; the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Devizes, to a hence springs the Cause of that enormous Charge, so Road leading from Polshot to Rowd, and from a Piece much complained of, on the Parish Rates, and here too of Land near Widbrook, in the Parish of Bradford, to a lies the Source, and moving Cause, of clamorous Dis-Road adjoining Clay Farm House, in the same Parish, content, for, it must be acknowledged, as an aggra-and from the South Side of the River Avon, a little vating Circumstance, in Addition to their great Distress, above Avon Cliff Mills, in the Parishes of Westwood and that the Poor of this Land are now starving in the Bradford, to the North Side of the said River, a little midst of Plenty; The Petitioners humbly entreat Vot. 51. v H h the

118 26° JVovembris. 1795.

the Candour and Indulgence of the House, in judging thus freely on a Matter that so nearly concerns them, and further beg Leave to remark; that, notwithstanding all those paradoxical Assertions relative to scanty Crops, or those spurious Representations, made by interested Persons, respecting a defective Produce, still the Reverse remains a stubborn Fact; for, from common Observation, and all concurring Circumstances, it appears, that the present Scarcity is an artificial one, brought on by artful and designing Men, long practised in the intricate Windings of Extortion, and through whose avaricious Views we now experience the Effects of Famine: The Petitioners acknowledge, with sincere Gratitude and humble Dependance, our Obligations to the Divine Being, for those munificent Displays of His Providence, in sending us fruitful Seasons, and an ample Supply of all needful Comforts adequate to our Wants and agreeable to our Necessities: We see them with our Eyes as extended by His Bounty; but, alas! before we can partake thereof, we must submit to the exorbitant Exactions of our Fellow Creatures: We feel the Force of Reason in those salutary Laws instituted to secure and preserve the Property of Individuals sacred and inviolate; but seriously lament that it should be in the Power of any Man, or any Set of Men, to cause an artificial Scarcity, or to accumulate Riches and raise Fortunes out of the Calamities of the Poor: We know, and reverence, those equitable Laws instituted to prevent unjust Usury, but know of no Laws applicable or practicable to suppress engrossing by Sample Contracts, or to prevent the baneful Practice of monopolizing many Farms in One, or for prohibiting monopolizing Dealers from engrossing and buying up, at Villages and Farm Houses, all necessary Articles of Subsistence, and thereby, and by Means of their Opulence, Connections, and Combinations, of having in their Power to withhold, keep up, or enhance, the Price of all Articles to what Pitch they please; those pernicious Practices are now become so prevalent as nearly to preclude the Means of purchasing any of the Necessaries of Life but what comes through their Hands, and, thus exposed a Prey to Avarice, the Generality of the Nation are now inevitably reduced to Want and Beggary — Under these unhappy Circumstances the Petitioners beg Leave to appeal to the Justice and Humanity of the House, as the Conservators and Guardians of the Public Welfare; they presume not to dictate or prescribe any specific Mode of Redress, they humbly repose their Remedy in the Wisdom of Parliament, but humbly conceive, and beg Leave to observe, that those Regulations, intended for our Relief, should be easy in their Application, otherwise the Poor will be precluded Benefit by their indigent Circumstances — To this their just and humble Representation, founded on suffering Facts and sad Experience, the Petitioners most earnestly solicit the Care and Attention of the House, and humbly entreat them to take such Measures thereupon as to their Wisdom shall seem most fitting and meet, for the Honour of Parliament, and for the Relief of their humble Dependants.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the - Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn.

Orders for Attendance of certain Members, discharged.

Notice being taken, that James , Esquire, was now present in his Place, in the House;

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being also taken, that the Marquis of Lome was now present in his Place, in the House;

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said

Member to attend the Service of this House on that

Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of December next, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Newport, and Parish of Saint Stephens, in the County of Cormcall, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, with great Concern, a late atrocious Attack upon the Person of their beloved Sovereign, and whilst the Petitioners, in common with every Friend to the Constitution, most sincerely deplore the horrid Attempt, the real Authors of which they earnestly wish may be brought to condign Punishment, they feel themselves inexpressibly alarmed that it should be assumed as a Pretext for the Introduction of Two Bills, one into each House of Parliament, which, if passed into a Law, they humbly conceive, will deprive the People of these Realms of the Rights of free Discussion, which they trusted had been secured to them at the Era of the glorious Resolution: And therefore entreating the House, That those Bills may not be suffered to become Part of the established Law of these Realms.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, with great Concern, a late atrocious Attack upon the Person of their beloved Sovereign, and whilst the Petitioners, in common with every Friend to the Constitution, most sincerely deplore the horrid Attempt, the real Authors of which they earnestly wish may be brought to condign Punishment, they feel themselves inexpressibly alarmed that it should be assumed as a Pretext for the Introduction of Two Bills, one into each House of Parliament, which, if passed into a Law, they humbly conceive, will deprive the People of these Realms of the Rights of free Discussion and Petition, which they trusted had been secured to them at the Era of the glorious Resolution; And therefore entreating the House, That those Bills may not be suffered to become a Part of the established Law of these Realms.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, ice.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition from Launceston, against D* Bills.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill pro-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to bibiting the continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An wheat, &c.

" Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of reported; and " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, recommitted. or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal,

" Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made " Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be takert out for Home Consumption, on " Payment of Duty; " and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction to mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the 1^*7

said Bill for prohibiting the Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, of the Produce or Sugar.

or

3&Ge<^ III.

26° NovembrtSi

119

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Order for Attendance of a Member, discharged.

or Manufacture of this Kingdom, or of the British Colonies or Plantations.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Notice being taken, that the Right honourable Thomas Pelham was now present in his Place, in the House;

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

African

Company's

Petition.

State, or with the Secretary at War, relating to the drafting or disbanding the 109th (or Aberdeenshire)

Regiment

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Debate on joumed Debate on the Motion, made upon JMotion. last, That the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the " English Government — addressed to the Quiet Good against a " Sense of the People of England; in a Series of Pamphlet, " Letters — Letter the First, on the National Character " of Englishmen — The Nature of the English Govern- on ment — the Corruptions caused in both by the - English duction of French Principles — The Effects Govern-.

by the Reformation^ and the Resolution upon Political "nt

a

* Principles — The Conduct of the Whig Party — The " Character of the modem Democrats — London, printed " for./. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795," is a malicious, scandalous, and seditious Libel, containing Matter tending to create Jealousies and Divisions A Petition of the Committee of the Company of among His Majesty's Loyal Subjects; to alienate their Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Affections from our present happy Form of Govem-sented to the House; ment, as established in King, Lords, and Commons;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's and to subvert the true Principles of our free Constitu-

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before

tion; and that the said Pamphlet is a high Breach of the Privileges of this House.

And the Question being again proposed, That the said Pamphlet is a malicious, scandalous, and seditious Libel, containing Matter tending to create Jealousies and Divisions among His Majesty's Loyal Subjects; to

the House, an Account of the Money granted for the alienate their Affections from our present happy Form Year 1794, examined and passed by the Cursitor of Government, as established in King, Lords, and Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Commons; and to subvert the true Principles of our

Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," and that they have invested the Money,

granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast: That, upon the Representation of the Petitioners, in their last Petition to the House, of the ruinous Condition of the British Forts and Settlements in Africa, of the great additional Expences of late Years in re-building and repairing the said Forts, of the increased Expence of Civil and Military Establishments, and of the very

free Constitution; and that the said Pamphlet is a high Breach of the Privileges of this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Libel," the Words " highly reflecting on the glorious Resolution."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Pamphlet is a malicious, Resolution scandalous, and seditious Libel, containing Matter thereupon, tending to create Jealousies and Divisions among His heavy additional Charges in Consequence of the War, Majesty's Loyal Subjects; to alienate their Affections l»y all which they had already incurred a considerable from our present happy Form of Government, as Debt, the House was pleased to grant an additional established in King, Lords, and Commons; and to Sum for the Support and Maintenance of the said subvert the true Principles of our free Constitution;

Forts and Settlements j and: that the Petitioners now and that the said Pamphlet is a high Breach of the beg Leave to represent, that all the said increased Ex- Privileges of this House.

pences still exist in their utmost Extent, and, in Addi- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee tion to the same, that in the present Year they are who was the Author of the said Pamphlet: appointed to

subject to a very considerable further Increase, owing And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sheridan, en<tul''e wh9 not only to the advanced Prices of various Articles 01 Mr. Erskine, Mr. For, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Autliwl Merchandize and Provisions, but more especially to Hardinge, Mr. Mr. Grey, Mr. Sturt, Ge-

the Stoppage of the Distilleries, the British Corn neral Smith, Mr. Whitbread, Mr.. Burton, Mr. Michael Spirits being a principal and most beneficial Article in Angelo Taylor, Mr. Jekyll, Mr. Martin, General Tarle-their Supplies; and that the Petitioners, being sensible ton, Mr. William Smith, Mr. Powys, Mr. Holden Strutt,

~ - — - - Mr. Mr. Mr Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Christian Curwen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Colonel Ha/* Correspondence, ordered.

of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement; and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast necessary thereto, therefore pray the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient, as well for the Expences already incunfed, as for the extra Expences in consequence of the War, and likewise for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between Colonel Hay, and either of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of

Vol. 41.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Account of suant to their Address to His Majesty, Extmordina-

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the tyjs of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable pr^/twi. the Paymaster General of JTis Majesty5s Forces, from the 25th of December.. 1794 to the 14th of November

1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed)viz.

An

120

26" Novembris.

A. 1795.

ArmyExtn» An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Eight honourable rdinvie*. the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1794 to the 14th of November 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrant*.

1795-February 9th.

May 12th. 29th.

June 5th. February 10 th.

April 1st.

January 23d.

April 18th.

21st May 29 th. June 2d. July 2 2d. August 3d. September 19th. November 2d. April 18th. May 8th.

29th. July 22d. September 1st.

19th. April 18th.

21st. May 8th. June 9th. July 22d. August 3d. September 12th. October 15th. November 2d. April 21st. May 8th. 29th. June 15th.

August 4th. September 1st. May 29th. March 23d. April 13 th. October 15th. February 2d. June 9th.

To Alexander Davison, Esquire, for Provisions purchased and delivered by him for the Use of the Troops in Upper and Lower Canada -

To D°, for D° Service -

To Messrs. E. Pickstone, for Provisions laid up in Store for the Use of the Forces in Garrison in Guernsey and Alderney - -

To D°, for D® Service ....

To Messrs. Brickwood and Co. for Flour purchased in Canada, by Order of the Treasury, for the Use of the Forces in the West Indies, which was destroyed by Fire on board a Ship at Quebec To Messrs. Delamain and Son, for Wine supplied by them for the Use of the Army Hospitals

£. 7,354 1,684

820

545

s.

1

8

11

15

d.

8

4

9

2,202 7 —

1,442 10 7

Provisions purchased by the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy of the following Persons, for Army Services, and other Expences attending the same;

To Messrs. Jordain and Shaw, W" Atkinson, and In# Atkins (being in Part Payment) for sundry Quantities of Beef £. s. d.

and Pork ... - - - - 15,004 11 —

To Messrs. Reeve and Green, for Beef - - 3,442 1 —

To D", for Beef and Pork - - - 7»,3° 7 10

To D", for D* and D* - - - - io,573 17 4

To D®, for D* and D® - - - - 4,433 8

To D®, for D° and D® - - - - 8,274 3 10

To D®, for Pork - - - 2,189 5 3

To D®, for D® - - - - 3,886 5 8

To D®, for Beef _ - - - 1,610 16 — *

To T. Rowcroft, Esquire, for D® - - - 4,434 — 7

To D®, for Beef and Pork - - - - 8,037 15 3

To D®, for Pork - - . 1,865 1

To D®, for D" - - - - 4,56i 11 l

To D®, for Beef and Pork - - - - . 3,78o 1 3

To D®, for Pork - - 1,477 15 2

To C. Flower, Esquire, for Beef and Pork - - 10,682 2 7

To D®, for Butter - - - - 1,118 6 8

To D®, for Pork and Butter - - - - 8,782 — 1

To D®, for Beef and Pork - - - 7,889 4 6

To D®, for Pork - - - - 3,442 10 2

To D®, for Beef and Pork - - - - . 11,576 17 7

To D®, for D® and D® - - - - 3,219 18 2

To D®, for Butter - - - - 3,254 6 11

To D®, for D® - - - 3,805 16 11

To D®, for D* - - - - . 3,8h 10 4

To S. C. Meara, Esquire, for Pork - - - 2,780 1 —

To D®, for Beef and Pork - - - 3,556 n —

To D®, for Beef - - - - 1,669 11 5

To D®, for Beef and Pork - _ - - - 6,223 17 —

To D®, for Pork - m - - 1,224 11 —

To D®, for Beef and Pork - - - 4,002 17 10

To D®, for D® and D° - - - 1,869 6 —

To Messrs. W. Atkinson and Co. for Butter - - 2,226 14 3

To J. Green, for D° - - - 126 7 7

To Thos. Bell, for D® - - - - 1,761 9 10

To Messrs. Brickwood and Co. for Pork - - 1,704 11 —

To C. Scott, Esquire, for Wheat Meal - . 29,165 17 —

ToD", for D® - - - - 3,474 8 1

a. d.

14,049 14 4

To

lZb° jy/ovembris

xxi

yO^EO. Ill

Date* of Warrants.

1795.]anuary 5 th. March 17th. 'April 18 th.

May 11th. August nth.

20th. January 5th. March 17th. April 18th. May 29th. June 2d. August 11th. January 6th.

August 3d. January 23d. June 5th. July 10th. January 19th.

23d. March 17th. June 15th. May 29th. June 30th. 5th.

September 1st. November 2d. April 3d. 21st. May 29th. October 3d.

1794-

December 31st.

1795.]une 30th.

November 2d.

May 8th.

*794-November 14th.

1795-February 28th. April 3d. May 2d. 8th.

January 23d. April 18th. August 3d. November 10th. April 3d.

To Mr. G. Hankin, for Flour -

To D®, for D® - -

To D®, for D® - -

To D®, for D® - -

To D°, for D® - -

To D®, for D° - -

To Messrs. J. and W. Whittingstall, for D* -

To D°, for D° - -

To D®, for D# - -

To D®, for D* -

To D®, for D® - -

To D®, for D® -

To Mr. A. De Home, for D* -

To D®, for D* -

To Mr. C. Dunkin, for Pease -

To D#, for Oatmeal - - m

To D°, for Pease -

To Mr. R. H. Clarke, for Flour -

To D*, for D° - -

To D®, for D® -

To D®, for Bread Meal -

To Mr. Wm Palgrave, for Flour -

To D®, for D° - -

To Messrs. Dunkin and Brown, for Oatmeal -

To D®, for D® - -

To D°, for D* - -

To Messrs. Watson and Son, for Flour -

To D°, for D® - -

To D°, for D® -

To Mr. Ja* Gerrard, for Oatmeal -

To Mr. T. Pinkerton, for D® -

To Jn° Pasley, Esquire, for Teneriffe Wine

£. s. d.

4,577 2 1

1,583 6 7 3,376 2 —

2,569 11 "

2,802 7 — 677 3 —

2,156 6 — 2,683 11 — 1,110 7 — i,95i 11 — 4,032 1 —

595 M 7 2,206 16 2

1,604 6 — 4,583 3 n 2,966 2 1

810 1 — 1,607 9 10 264 2 3

1.497 1 —

1.497 1 — 987 1 — 603 1 —

1,920 7 —

1,941 16 3 2,246 5 8

2,043 6 1

74i 13 —

73 6 —

734 16 .6

To Cha* Smith, for Red Port To I)°, for D®

To Messrs. Pollard, Cooper, and Co. for D® To Messrs. Potts, for Vinegar

205 8 6 153 12 —

760 6 11

367 1 —

To Messrs. Wilkinson and Chapman, for Freight of Wine 495 7

To Lancelot Haslope, for D* of D*

To In® Atkins, for D° of Pork and Flour To C. Dunkin, for Lighterage To H. Jones, for Freight of Wine To Mr. T. Allen, for Casks -To D°, for D*

To D°, for D*

To D®, for D®....

To Messrs. Dyer and Co. for Bisket Bags

633 15 — 267 1 —

- 1,049 18 7

329 3 —

- 2,094 19 "

- 1,364 11 —

- i,334 12 —

- 2,026 11 6

- 177 3 7

£. t. d. Extra-

ordinaries.

269,815 14 9

Dates of Treasury Letters.

March 2d.

9th.

Dates of Warrants. April 27th.

June 5th. July 13th. 30th.

Vol. 51.

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions from the Regiments in America and the West Indies, from the 25th of December 1794 to 23d September 1795 - -

283,865 9' 1

20,531 5 —

For the Purchase of Dollars, which were consigned to Mr. Commissary General Brook Watson, for His Majesty's

Service Abroad ----- - 50,000 ——

For the Purchase of D®, which were consigned to

D®, for D® Service.....50,000 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Brook Watson, Esquire, Superintendent and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army on the Continent, for Public Services, in Part of a Warrant of this Date, for 692,903/. 5 - 109,822 1 7

To D°, drawn by D#, for D® Service - - 368,648 5 10

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 271,816 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 147,129 5 8

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 354,160 8 2

I i

263,334 4 1

100,000 ——

To

26° Novembris.

A. 1795.

122

Army Extra-ordinariM.

Dates of Warrants.

1795-

August 20th.

September 19th. October 16th.

June 22d. August 20th.

June 22d. August 20th.

June 22d.

August 20th. June 22d.

August 20th. June 22d.

August 20th. June 22d.

August 20th.

June 22d.

August 20th. June 22d.

August 20th.

June 22d. August 20th.

June 22d. August 20tl).

£ s» d»

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Brook Watson,

Esquire, Superintendent and Director of Forage,

Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army on the Continent, for Public Services 312,702 4 8

To D®, drawn by D*, for D° Service - - 45,808 15 8

To D®, drawn by D®, for D* Service - - 174,488 610

i»734,575 8 5

To D®, drawn by H. Hamilton, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, for D° Service 6,636 8 7

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 375 15 —

To D®, drawn by P. Fall, Lieutenant Governor of

Jersey, for D® Service - - 9,630 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 3,008 ——

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Balcarres, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, for D® Service

To D*, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for D®

Service ----- 13,572 7 1

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 9,098 18 —

To drawn by John Robinson, Deputy Paymaster at New Brunswick, for D® Service - 4,530 11 6

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 2,068 18 6

To D*, drawn by Sir James Wallace, Commander in Chief at Newfoundland, for D® Service

To D°, drawn by P. F. Thorne, Commandant at

St. Peter's, for D® Service - 210 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 62 ——

7,012 3 7

12,638 ——

425 ——

22,671 5 1

6,599 10 — 1,680 -

272 ——

To D®, drawn by Sir A. Williamson, Governor of

Jamaica, for D® Service - - - - 265,025 12 2

To D®, drawn by Alexander Brymer, Deputy

Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for D* Service - 6,223 S 9

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 1,692 6 9

To D®, drawn by In® Wentworth, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, for D* Service - - - - 7,102 15 —

To D®, drawn by D®, for D° Service 1,535 *5 6

----- ----- ----- ---8,638 10 6

To D®, drawn by W. J. Eppes, Commissary at

Newfoundland for D® Services - - - 2,177 16 —

To D®, drawn by Peter Le Mesurier, Governor of

Alderney, for D® Service - - 1,220 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 212 4 —

----- ----- ----- ---1,432 4 —

To D®, drawn by In® Small, Lieutenant Governor of D®, for D® Services - - 5,722 11 2

To D®, drawn by D°, for D® Services 1,330 ——

----- ----- ----- - 7,052 11 2

To D®, drawn by Edm4 Fanning, Lieutenant Go- veraor of the Island of St. John, for D* Services - 689 12 4

To D®, drawn by W" Macarmick, Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for D* Services - - - -114 — 1

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Services 255 15 6

----- ----- ----- ----- ---- 369 15 7

26° Novembris.

123

36 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1795*

June 22d.

August 20th.' June 22d.

August 20th.

June 2 2d. August 20th.

June 2 2d. August 20th.

1794.]anuary 15th.

March 5th.

September 8th. November 26th.

December 9th.

July 30th. October 17th.

29th. Vol. 51.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Ja' Bruce, Lieutenant

Governor of Dominica, for Public Services - - 2,334 16 3

To D° drawn by Ja* Seton, Lieutenant Governor of St. Vincent's, for D° Services 1,011 . 1 10 To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Services 685 17 3

----- ----- ----- ----- -1,696 19 1

To D®, drawn by G. P. Ricketts, Governor of Bar-

badoes, for D° Services - - - 1015 —

To D®, drawn by Ja* Crauford, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, for D° Services 946 18 1

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Services 2,088 9 8

----- ----- ----- ----- -3,035 7 9

To D* drawn by Hy Hamilton, Governor of Dominica,

for D® Services ... 3,500 ——

To D\ drawn by D®, for D° Services 8,433 2 6

----- ----- ----- ----- 11,933 12 6

To D®, drawn by Ninian Home, Lieutenant Governor of Grenada, for D® Services - - - 176134

o D°, drawn by In® Stanley, President of the Council of Antigua - - - 101 10 —

To D®, drawn by Joseph Robley, President of the

Council at Tobago, for D® Services - - - 121 10 —

To D®, drawn by Lieutenant General Rainsford,

Governor of Gibraltar, for special contingent Expences for the Service of that Garrison - 1,894 3 1

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service 5,184 9 1

----- ----- - ----- ----7,078 12 2

Army Extra-

£. S. d. ordinaries.

2,155,755 10 5

To D°, drawn by the acting Deputy in the West Indies, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the Army there, for Three Quarters of a Year ——

To Cash paid by Mr. Winslow, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th December 1794 - 33,857 5 3

To D®, paid by D®, for D", to 24th March 1795 - 7,374 6 5

To D®, paid by D® for D®, to 24th June 1795 - 33,712 6 8

To D®, paid by Mr. Brymer, acting Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for D®, to 24th December 1794 - - 9,939 3 8

To D®, paid by D®, for D®, to 24th March 1795 - 5,532 2 4

To D®, paid by D®, for D®, to 24th June 1795 - 4,511 14 1

To Colonel R. Symes, for sundry Articles furnished to the Garrison of Nieuport during the Siege - - - - 186 611

To M. G. O'Hara, for the Balance of his Account, as Commandant of Gibraltar, from the 1st of January to 30th of December 1790 - 101 2 6

To Captain Braithwaite, for bringing Dispatches of the Surrender of Pondicherry - 500 ——

To A. Phillip, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as late Governor of New South Wales, between September 1786 and 1793 ... 504 13 5

To Captain W" Hargood, of the Ship Iris, for the Freight of 125,000l. in Silver from London to Hamburgh - 156 5 —

To the Earl of Elgin, in Reimbursement of Sums paid by him for Travelling Expences of French Officers ordered to join Lord Moira - 265 4 4

To Messrs. Pearse, for Flannel Waistcoats and

Drawers for the Troops in the West Indies - 1,538-

To Lord Mulgrave, for the Expences incurred by him in the Execution of several Public Services intrusted to his Care in the Mediterranean - - 804 11 —

To Messrs. Pearse, for Shoes for the Troops in the

West Indies ----- -- 1,492 6 —

225,000 ——

73,943 18 4

19,983 — 1

To

26° Novembris.

A. 1795.

124

Dates of Warrants.

Army Extra — ordinaries. 1

December 9th.

13th.

31st.

1795.

January 14th. 19th.

20th.'

January 26th. February 2d.

14th. March 6th.

21st. April 29th.

May 5th.

15th. June 2d.

22d. July 13th.

To C. Mason, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts of the Army on the Continent, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Captain Tho* Hislop, for bringing Dispatches of the Reduction of St. Fiorenza, in Corsica -To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Vice Admiral Cosby, for Subsistence, &c. of Officers of French Ships, on their Voyage to England -To Captain H. Wane, of the Ship Mermaid, for the Freight of 150,000l. in Silver, from London to Hamburgh ——

To Jn° Brickwood, Esquire, for sundry Articles shipped by him for the Troops in the Bermudas

To the Representatives of the late Brigadier General Simon Fraser, for the Extra Price paid for Shoes furnished to the Brigade under his Command, in America, in the Year 1777 -

To F. North, Esquire, Secretary of State in the Kingdom of Corsica, for the Expences of the Passage and Journey of himself and Suite, to take upon himself the Duties of his Office To V. Jones, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts of the Forces in the West Indies, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Lieutenant Colonel C. Nesbitt, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commissary and Inspector of Foreign Troops in the Pay or Great Britain ——

To Jn° Turner, Esquire, for the Balance on Account of Articles shipped by him for Upper Canada ——

To Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, for the Expence of providing sundry Light Dragoon Horse Appointments, for the Service of the Island of St. Domingo ——

To Lieutenant General, Rainsford, for the extra contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1794 To the Holder of a Bill, drawn by Captain Wilson, of the Artillery, for Subsistence of a Corps of Seafaring Men, raised for the Defence of the Garrison of Nieuport -To W Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty's Proportion of 718£ Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar ——

To Major General A. Clarke, to provide himself with an Equipage, as General and Commander in Chief on a Secret Expedition - -

To Major General Cuyler, for his Expences in inspecting the Troops and Barracks in the Leeward and Charibbee Islands, from 1789 to 1793 To Captain G. Moore, of the Ship Syren, for the Freight of 100,000l. in Silver, from the Nore, to Mr. Commissary General Watson, on the Continent ——

To Wm Merry, Esquire, for extra Charge of Freight and Insurance on 718* Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar ——

To Ja* Newland, Assistant Commissary to the Forces on the Continent, for Coals purchased by him in Holland for the Use of the said Forces To Ja* Willis, Consul at Senegambia, to be applied to the forming a Military Establishment in Africa To Compte Wall, the General commanding the Cavalry in the Prince De Condi's Army, to enable him to return to his Command -To Monsieur V. P. Malouet, for his Outfit and Expences in proceeding to the Island of St. Domingo, to concert Measures in Conjunction with the Spanish Government - -

£. j. d.

500 ——

500 ——

507 10 —

150 ——

953 »7 4

130 ——

300 ——

500 — —

400 ——

239 3

6,801 15 — 35 7

56 9 2

1,113 13 6

1,000 ——

500 ——

125 ——

1,671 6 7

957 15 9 3,499 9 1

250 ——

504 11 —

To

P9; UrEO. 111.

Date* of Warrants.

*o ±\ovemoTis.

JLZO

1795.

July 23d.

August 22d.

27 th.

October 21st.

1794-

May 9th.

October 8th. 15th.

November 26th.

December 3d. 31st.

1795-

January 8th.

26th. 28th. February 16th. 26th.

March 19th. April 15th. Vol. 51.

To C. Mason, Commissary of Accounts of the Army on the Continent, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Le Marquis de Bouillie, for Demands which arose in the Island of Guadaloupe during the Command of Sir Charles Grey -To Le Marquis de Bouzolz, for D° which arose in the Island of St Domingo, during the Command of Sir A. Williamson -

To Sir R. Abercromby, K. B. to provide himself with an Equipage, as General and Commander in Chief in the West Indies -To V. Jones, Esquire, Superintendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army in the Leewards Islands, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account -

3.

- 1,000 — —

204 11 —

204 11 —

1,000 ——

3,387 ——

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, and Hospital, serving with the Forces at Toulon, from several Periods to the 24th December 1793 To M. G. Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance, to the 24th June 1794, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick -To the Earl of Balcarres, for the Difference between the Pay of Commandant in Jersey, and a Major General with One Aid-de-Carap, from 21st February to 24th June 1794 - -

To T. Watson, for 273 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary to the Forces in the West Indies, to 1st

August 1794....

To John Craigie, Esquire, for 1,461 Days D°, as Commissary of the Army in Canada, to 24th June 1794 -

To D°, for 1,461 Days additional Pay, as Storekeeper General in D° to D°

To the Representatives of Captain A. Sutherland, for 126 Days Pay, as Bridge Master to the Forces on the Continent, to 28th October 1793 To Colonel Whyte, for 105 Days Pay, as a Brigadier General at St. Domingo, to 24th December 1794 To T. Keate, Esquire, for 365 Days D°, as Inspector of Regimental Hospitals, to 24th December 1794 - -....

To John Gunning, Esquire, for 365 Days D°, as Surgeon General to the Forces, to D° -To Sir W. Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to D°

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for 183 Days additional D°, as Quarter Master General, to D° -To D°, for 365 Days Pays of his Two Assistants, as

D°, to D°....

To V. Jones, Esquire, for 303 Days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts of the Forces in the West Indies, to the 31st August 1794 -

For the Pay of Assistant Commissaries of the Army under the Command of the Duke of York, from sundry Periods, to 24th December 1794 To Ja* Lawrie, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st December 1794, as late Superintendant, &c. on the Mosquito Shore -To A. C. P. Lambert, for One Quarter's Salary, to 10th February 1795, as President of the Superior Court of the Island of Saint Domingo To W. J. Eppes, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary at Newfoundland, to 10th October

1794 -. - -....

To L. Mackintosh, for 183 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary to the Forces in the West Indies, to 24th December 1794 - -

To Sir Lucas Pepys, for 274 Days additional Pay, as Physician General, to 24th December 1794

K k

Officers of the 1,418 9 11

250 ——

176 3 9

68 5 —

1,095 15 — 365 5 —

59 *3 6 149 3 10

172 17 6 518 12 6 693 7 11 693 7 11 172 17 6

606 ——

1,174 15 —

250 ——

625 ——

91 5-

45 15 — 129 15 5

£. 3. d.

Army Extraordinary*.

32,040 16 5

To

126

Dates of Warrants.

Army Extra- 1795.

ordinaries. April 15th.

May 6 th.

14th.

27th.

29th.

June 3d.

10th.

24th. 25th. Inly 1st. 10th.

18th.

29th. August 5 th. September 2d.

October 21st.

January 14th. February 28th.

August 11 th.

1794-November 26th.

26° Novembris.

To Major Henry Haldane, for 365 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General of the Forces in the East Indies, to 30th November 1794 -

To Sir Jerome Fitzpatrick, for 108 Days D°, as Inspector of Health, to 24th December 1794 To D. Fraser, late Captain in the Queen's American Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1794, for his long Services prior to the late War ——

To the Earl of Balearres, for the Difference between the Pay of Commandant in Jersey, and a Major General, with One Aid-de-Camp, from 25th June to 23d October 1794 -

To R. White, Esquire, for Two Years Allowance, to the 1st April 1794, as late Agent for the Honduras District ——

To Captain Ja* Metcalfe, for his Pay as Captain of a Company of Volunteers in the Tower Hamlets, from 1st August 1794 to 23d April 1795 -

To A. M. Browne, Esquire, for 245 Days Pay, as Barrack Master of the Island of St. Vincent's, to 21st April 1793 - -

To Captain John Abercromby, For 98 Days Pay as Major of Brigade on the Continent, to 1st April 1794 ....

£. s. d.

365 ——

204 12 2

40 ——

171 18 6

600 ——

36 ——

73 10 —

46 8 6

To Major General A. Ross, for 363 Days Pay, as Adjutant General in the East Indies, to 24th October 1794 ——

To Major General Goldsworthy, for Days Pay, as a Major General, with One Aid-de-Camp, to 27th September 1794 - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Moore, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th March 1793, for his long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar ——

To E. Home, Esquire, for 99 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1794 To Sir C. Gordon, for 97 Days Allowance, as Governor of St. Lucia, to 10th July 1794 To Sir W. Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1793 For the Pay of Assistant Commissaries to the British Army on the Continent, for 127 Days, to 30th

April 1795 -....

To B. Watson, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay, as Super-intendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, and Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army on the Continent, to 1st March 1795 -

To J. Radcliffe, for 215 Days Pay, as Adjutant of the Sheffield Volunteers, to 24th December 1794 To Sir C. Gordon, for 8 Days Allowance, as Governor of St. Lucia, to 18th July 1794 To Major W. Gunn, for 333 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering the Hanoverian Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, to 30th July 1795 -

To L. Mackintosh, for 240 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in the West Indies, to 21st August

1795 ——

365 ——

104 3 11

75 ——

46 17 9

291 ——

689 12 1

762 ——

728 — —

9 3 —

24 ——

666 ——

60 ——

To Messrs. Adams and Hodge, on Account for the Balance of Stores delivered by them for the Troops at Netley Camp - 1,267 5 10

To Messrs. Cutlers, for Supplies delivered by them to the Army under the Command of the Earl of Moira, from 23d July to 24th December 1794 - 9,626 6 3

To D°, for D° Service, from 25th December 1794 to

8th June 1795 - - - . - 19,082 2 7

To Messrs. Adams and Hodge, for the Balance of their Account for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Year 1793 - - 30 1 6

A. 1T95.

£. s.

14,174 15 8

29.975 14 8

To

26° Novembris.

127

36 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

»795-February 24th.

May 14th.

July 14th. September 14th.

May 29th.

August 8th. September 1st. October 2d.

June 16th.

September 1st. October 28th.

1794-October 15 th.

2 2d.

26th.

November 12 th.

19th.

December 10th.

31st.

February 25th.

Vol. 51.

To Messrs. Adams and Hodge, on Account for a Balance on their Contract for supplying the Home Encampments -To Messrs. Adams and Welsford, for Supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Southern District, 1795 -To D*, for D* Service - -

To D*, for D* Service

S*

- 20,754 11.

30.000

40.000

50.000

To C. Lance, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Northern District,

1795 - - 8,000 ——

To R. Bisset, Esquire, for D* Service - 12,000 ——

To D*, for D* Service - - . 5,000 ——

To D\ for D* Service

6,000 ——

To W. Fettes, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to

the Forces encamped in North Britain, 1795 - 4,000 ——

To D*, for D* Service - - - - 4,000 ——

To D*, for D* Service - - - 4,000 ——

To the Earl of Balcarres, for Bit Horses for the 63d Regiment of

Foot, serving on the Continent To the Colonels of sundry Corps, for additional Bit Horses for their, respective Regiments serving on D* - -

To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, ordered to take the Field ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Militia, for D* for the Augmentatiort to their respective Corps -To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels of the 10th and 22d Regiments of Dragoons, for D° for the said Regiments, ordered to take the Field ——

To the Colonel of the 88th Regiment of Foot, for Bit Horses for the said Regiment, serving on the Continent - -

To D°, for additional Bit Horses for D* Regiment To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Bit and Blanket Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered on Service - -

To Major General Bland, for additional Bit Horses for the 5th Regiment of Dragoon Guards -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Cavalry, for Bit Horses for Detachments of their respective Corps, ordered on Foreign Service -To the Colonels of sundry D*, for additional Bit Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered on D* -

To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Militia, for an Allowance on taking the Field, being the 2d "Year of their Encampment -To Lieutenant General'Lascelles, for Bit Horses for the 8th Regiment of Dragoons, serving on the Continent -

To D*, for additional D®, for D® Regiment To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for ' Bit Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered ‘ On Foreign Service -

To Major General De Lancey, for Forage, as Barrack Master General, on taking the Field, &c. in the Year 1794 ——

585 18 —

1,058 8

2,891 14 —

- 12,131 5 —

596 5 —

L757 H —

756 —

585

189

1,470 ——

113 —

L613 15

793 16 —

264 12 —

1,088 4 —

A tiny Extra-

£. $. d. ordlnanc*-

140,784 12 6

31,000 ——

12,000 —

529

170

-4 —

2 —

840 -

96 18 5

To

26° Novem.

A. 1795

128

Dales of Warrants.

Army Extraordinaries.

1795. February 25th.

May 18th.

June 3d.

July 13th.

July 29th.

August 5th. January 14th.

April 15th. May 6th.

29th. August 5th.

June 3d.

10th. 17th. July 1st.

January 8th.

February 11 th. March 6th.

31st. April 15 th.

29th. May 29th. July 29th. August 5th. September 11th. October 14th.

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, ordered on Foreign Service To the General and Staff Officers in North Britain, in Consideration of their not having drawn Forage in the Campaign 1793 -

To Major General Drummond, for 200 Days Forage Money, as a Major General, with One Aid de Camp, in the Year 1794 -

To Colonel Myddelton, to complete the Allowance . of Baggage and Forage Money for the Denbigh Militia, ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments, for Baggage and Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered on Foreign Service ——

To D°, for Bat Horses for D° Regiments To Baron Montalambert, for Baggage and Forage Money for a Regiment of Foot, for Service in St. Domingo ——

To D°, for B;\t Horses for D° Regiment To the Colonels of sundry Regiments, for Baggage and Forage Money for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To D°, for Baagage Horses for D° Regiments

O > O

To Colonel De Charmilly, for B;\t Horses for a Regiment of Light Dragoons, for Service in St. Domingo ——

To D°, for Baggage Horses for D° Regiment -

£. s. 1,631 5 —

364 6 6

133 ——

63 18 —

7,451 5 —

2,340 ——

1,051 5 — 210 ——

3,436 5 ~

3,213 ——

210 ——

100 ——

To Messrs. J. and S. Trotter, for providing Camp Necessaries, Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces ----- --- 68,685 n 3

To D°, for D° Service - ----- 34,237 10 1

To D", for Camp Necessaries for the Militia - - 10,925 3 4

To D°, for Hospital Bedding for the Use of the

Forces ----- --- 18,705 5 6

To D°, for Waggons provided by them for the

Army on the Continent ----- 3,508 3 4

To In® Trotter, Esquire, for providing Camp Necessaries for the Use of the Forces - 21,079 8 6

To Colonel Myddleton, for Accoutrements for the Augmentation to

the Denbigh Militia.....152 186

To Sir R. Worsley, for D* for an Augmentation to

the South Hampshire D° - - - 92186

To Colonel Pochin, for D° for an Augmentation to

the Leicester D° - - - 69 17 —

To the Earl of Uxbridge, for D° for an Augmentation

to the Stafford D° - - - - 77 46

To Captain J. Popham, for D° for the Augmentation

to the Isle of Wight D° - - - 65 14 —

To the Earl of Radnor, for D° for an Augmentation to the Berkshire D° - - - 65 14 —

To the Representatives of the late Colonel Saw-bridge, for D° for an Augmentation to the East Kent D° - -- -- 191 17 —

To Ja* Window, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account of contingent Disbursements for Hospitals -To D®, for D® Service - -

To D#, for D# Service -

To D®, for D* Service - -

To D®, for D® Service '

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service - -

2.000

2.000

2.000

4.000

4.000

5.000

8.000

5.000

5.000

5.000 10,000

£. s. d.

47,735 7 11

i57, Mi a —

716 3 6

52,000 — —

To

26° Novem

36 Geo. III.

129

Dates of Warrant*.

1795.

October 14th.

January 14th. February 11th. March 25th.

August 5th.

March 19th.

- August 5 th.

1794. February 14th.

March 6th.

14th.

November 26th.

179.5-June 17th.

January 7th.

May 15th.

1793-

August 7th. 1794. August 13th.

October 29th.

November 19th.

December 10th. ♦

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland for One Year's Allowance, to Christmas 1704, for £. s. d.

furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, &c. 454 19 — -

To Lord A. Gordon, for so much expended by him

on divers Occasions in North Britain, in 1794 - 300 — — -

To In* Geddes, Esquire, for Necessaries, &c. for the Use of the Forces in D®, for the Year 1794 - 1,594 9 6

To Lord A. Gordon, for the March of a Party of ArgyllshireVolunteers, inconsequence of a Mutiny in the 1st Battalion of the Breadalbane Fencibles 143 3 —

To R. B. Henderson, Esquire, for extra Expences for Oatmeal, &c. furnished to the Forces in Garrison in North Britain, from 1st July 1792 to 31st December 1794 - 886 16 2

Advanced to M. G. De Lancey, Barrack Master General, towards erecting of Barracks for Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain To provide Bedding, Furniture, Utensils, Coals, Candles, Beer, See.

for D®, in Barracks in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -For the Purchase of Forage for the Cavalry in Barracks -To provide Barracks for the Troops in the Island of St. Domingo -Towards erecting and providing Hospitals for the Use of the Troops -

To G. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for - ,

Medicines, &c. supplied for the Use of the Army, ' *' a'

from the 1st January to the 5th July 1794 - 13,756 9 2

To D°, for D®, supplied from 5th July to 31st December 1794 - - - - 14,524 19 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Mackenzie, for Knapsacks for the 78th Regiment of Foot - - - - £. 364 1 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Berresford, for D# for the

124th D® - 224 18 6

To Captain W* Ashe, for D® for his late Independent Company of Foot - - - - 3116 —

To Major General Edmeston, for D# for the 95th

Foot ----- --- 378 18 —

To the Duke of Atholl, for D* for the Manx Fencibles - - - - 112 3 3

To Colonel Graham, for D# for the 90th Regiment of Foot- ----- -- 365 8 —

To the Marquis of Huntley, for D® for the 1 ooth

D®..... 36.5 8 —

To Major General Balfour, for D® for the 93d D* - 378 18 —

To Major Balfour, for D® for the Orkney and Shetland Fencibles - - - 72 136

To Sir Ja* Grant, for D® for the 07th Regiment of

Foot.....365 8 —

To Major General Campbell, for D® for the 116th

D®.....224 18 6

To W" Gorton, Esquire, for providing a Table for the Officers of the Foot and Life Guards on Duty at St. James's, &c. from the

24th of September to 24th December 1794 - 2,043 ——

To D®, for providing D®, from 25th December 1794

to 24th March 1795 - - - 2,039 17 —

To Lieutenant General Elphinstone, for Camp Necessaries for the 53d Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1793 - -

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper and printing, &c. several Acts of Parliament for the Use of the Army - -

To Messrs. J. and R. Sauce, for the Loss they sustained by the Brig Mary, hired to convey Recruits from Duncannon Fort to Chatham, being stranded in a Storm -

To Sir H. W. Dalrymple, Corfimandant at Chatham Barracks, for the General Account of his Expenditures for Six Months, to 24th June 1794 ——

To Major General Cuyler, for the Hire of Ground for the Encampments in the Neighbourhood of Portsmouth - -

Army Ex-

triiorduiaiTeS*

£. e. d.

3,379 7 8

206,812 ——

124,432 ——

96,490 ——

68,000 ——

35,000 ——

28,281 8 a

2,884 io 9

4,082 17 —

249 14 10

49* 7 8

161 10 — -

1,871 16 5 71 2 7

Voin 51.

LI

To

-by

(i i X

53

500

78

234

154

2G5

695

209

42

218

100

2,385

387

618

78

740

582

4,297

229

M92

23

500

34

103

200

2,851

315

26° Novem.

To Messrs. R. and J. Chalk, for the Hire of Ground for encamping the East Middlesex Militia, in the Year 1794 -To Josiah Dornford, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts to the Forces under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Amherst, for his contingent Expences, as Deputy Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th December

1704 - ....

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for D*, as Quarter Master General, from D° to D* - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Morrison, for his D®, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1793 to 24th December

1794 ....._....

To Sir Wm Fawcett, K. B. for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th December

1794 - -.....- .

To L. Morse, Esquire, Secretary to Lord Amherst, for his Contingent Disbursements, from Midsummer to Christmas 1 794 -To Tho* Wright, Printer of " The Hue and Cry, and Police Gazette," for advertising Deserters, between the 3d October and 28th December 1794 ——

To the Reverend W" Wilmot, for One Year's Rent of the Minister's House in the Savoy, to 24th December 1794, hired for the Use of the Forces ——

To Colonel Yorke, for Necessaries furnished for the Forces in The Tower, from Lady Day to Midsummer 1794 -

To W" Mitford, Esquire, in Reimbursement of Money advanced by Order of the Lords of the Treasury to Two acting Assistant Commissaries on the Continent ——

To the Duke of Richmond, to be by him paid over to sundry Persons, for Expences incurred during the Encampments in

1794 - -

To Sir A. Williamson, K. B. in Reimbursement of the Fees and Expences on his Creation as a Knight of the Bath -To Lord G. H. Lennox, for contingent Expences incurred by him, as General commanding in the Western District, from 25th January 1793 to 24th December 1794 -

To M. G. Cuyler, for extra Expences, as a Major General serving in Great Britain, in the Year 1794 ——

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for the contingent Expences of the Assistants to the Quarter Master General, in looking for, reporting, surveying, and marking out Grounds for the Encampments in

1794 .....; _ -

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing, Sic. of several Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Army -

To Alex' Ross, for Flannel Waistcoats and Drawers, for the Use of the Forces -

To T. Wright, Printer of " The Hue and Cry," for advertising Deserters, between the 2d January and 5th April 1795 To T. Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, Sic. of the Toot Guards Rooms and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, Recruit House, &c. in the Year 1792 To the Representatives of Lieutenant Colonel Brown, late Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey, for Rent of a House, from 25th December 1792 to 17th May 1793 ——

To Comte de Botheril, in Part Payment of certain Articles purchased by him, which have been applied to the Service of Government -

To Robert Home, for Twelve Drams and Two Fifes, for the Use of the New Brunswick Regiments ——

To L. Morse, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1795, a progressive List of Commissions of all the Officers in the Army ——

To Comte de Botheril, in further Part Payment of certain Articles purchased by him, which have, been applied to the Service of Government - -

To Messrs. Bernard and Brooksbank, for Accoutrements supplied to Independent Companies of Invalids ——

To Sir W" Fawcett, K. B. for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1794 to 24th June 1795 - -

36 Geo. III.

26° — 27° N

131

Dates of Warrants.

*795-August 14th.

Date of Secretary at War's Letter.

March 26th.

To the Duke of Richmond, For extra Expences of himself and other General Officers, for House Rent and Forage, while on Service in Great Britain -

To. T. Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, on Account of Work done at York Hospital, Chelsea, under his Direction -

Towards which may be applied:

2,603

d.

6

3 10

Cash received of Messrs. Harman, Hoare, and Co.

Balance of their Account of Prussian Subsidy Cash received of Henry Barry, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account, as Deputy Paymaster to the Forces under the Command of the Earl of Moira ----- --- 2,463

Cash received of Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Co. in Re-payment of sundry Sums advanced by B. Watson, Esquire, Commissary General of the Army on the Continent, by Authorities from General Count Clerfaye, Commander in Chief of His Imperial Majesty's Forces, for the Use of the Army under his Command, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant of 29th October 1795 - - 550,000

Savings on the Sums granted for the Army Service

in the Years 1794 and 1795 - -750,000 ——

‘Army Extra-ordinaries.

£. s. d.

87> 15 3

6,000 — — -

3.952,05713 2

1,305,06613 4

War Office, 26th November 1795;

W. Windh

2,646,990 19 10

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday on high Price Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Corn, de- whole House, to consider further Of the present high ferred. price of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III*14 Regis, 1795. Praters.

Kincardine A PETITION of the Provost, Magistrates, and Roads, and City Council of Aberdeen, as having an extensive

Statute La- jyyj essential Interest in the Roads after-mentioned, and ur eution. ot^er persons thereunto subscribing, Owners and Proprietors of Land within the County of Kincardine, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Old Northuater Bridge to Stonehaven, and from thence to the Bridge of Dee, near Aberdeen, and the Road from the New Bridge over the Vol. 51.

River Northesk by Bervie to Stonehaven, and also the other Roads lying within the County of Kincardine, are all in very bad Repair, too narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and, in some Places, dangerous for Carriages, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force, and that the Powers and Authorities, granted by Law, relative to Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and the Services thereby allowed to be exacted in Scotland.on that Account, have not been sufficient

for altering, making, widening, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Bridges within the said County, and it would be more equitable and convenient, and an Advantage to the County, if Powers were given to erect Turnpikes, and to levy certain reasonable Tolls and Duties upon the Tw-o great Roads above specified, and also that a moderate Assessment, or Conversion in Money, were paid in lien of the said Services and Statute Labour, and that further Powers were given to the Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, of the said County, for carrying the Intentions of the said Laws into full Effect and Execution; and that it would likewise be a great Accommodation to all Persons residing near any of the Roads above-mentioned, or having Occasion to travel along the same, if they were properly and sufficiently amended, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for

effecting

132 27° Novembris. A.

effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such 'Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Allardycc, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

bill forex- Mr. Pole Carcw presented to the House, according tending liau to Order, a Bill for extending the Term of the Tax on Kin Vl^nn ^,an^s» an^ Tolls on Goods, Wares and Merchan-Draniag/" dizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Act, present- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, e<1- " An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle

" and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the " Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the " Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the " County of Norfolk, draining through the same to " Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said " County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a " Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour " of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving " the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating " with the said River OuzeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

charged.

that Mr. Amyatt, Sir William Heatheoand Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring in,'the same.

Notice being taken, that Francis Ilumberstone Mac- Order for At-kenzie, Esquire, was now present in his Place, in the tendanceot.i House; Member,

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pcpys and Mr.

Simeon: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

dissolve the Marriage of Henry JVakeman, Esquire, with

Theodosia Freeman his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord* have agreed to

Bill to prohibit Exportation ot Candles, Tallow, &c.

Bill to prohibit making Starch, &e. from Wheat, &c.

The Lords have passed Wake man's Divorce Bill*

WakemaiTs Divorce Bill read.

Order for At- Notice being taken, that Richard Hopkins, Esquire, tendance of a was now present in his Place, in the House; char t^r,dlS* The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said c argt . Member to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Sheet Bridge, Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom l'ortsmouth, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are field Hoads' thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Petition, re- Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His »orted. - present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from Sheet Bridge to mouth, and from Pet to the Alton Turnpike " Road, near Ropley, in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Bedford being examined, said, That great Progress had been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable Debt contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, Part whereof is now due; and the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike ,'^lload, near Ropky, in the County of And

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port Petition of Hytheand its Neighbourhood, in the County of gainst the Kent, convened by the Mayor, was presented to the SafeVof His House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Majesty's have heard, with the deepest Concern, of the Introduc- Person, &c.; tion of Two Bills into Parliament, severally intituled, and for P.re* An Act for the Safety and Preservation of his Ma- driwus^Meet-jesty's Person and Government against treasonable and ings. seditious Practices and Attempts, and An Act for preventing seditious Meetings: That the Petitioners, conceiving that these Bills are repugnant to the fundamental Principles of the Constitution, and subversive of the ancient and indubitable Rights of the People, claimed and asserted by the Bill of Rights, do most humbly and earnestly implore the House that the said Bills may not pass into Laws.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Petition from Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wallingford, was pre- Wallingford sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That gXofCoriu the Petitioners conceive the Practice of selling Corn by Sample is one of the chief Causes of the present high Price of that Article, particularly as it opens an ample Field for Speculation to unprincipled Jobbers, and thus enhances the Price of Grain to the Consumer by the Addition of intervening Profits: That it is the Opinion of the Petitioners, that, if all Kinds of Grain were brought openly and fairly to Market, it would greatly contribute to lower the Prices, as the Farmer having been at the Trouble and Expence of bringing his Corn, would be induced to sell at the Market Price rather than carry it back again; and that the inferior Classes would be thereby enabled to procure so necessary an Article at the First Hand, whereas the prevailing Mode of selling by Sample offers to the Farmer both the Temptation and the Means to withhold his Corn, with a View to procure a Price unbounded as his Avarice: And therefore entreating the

House

% jyj vjjlui xxx.

u (

10.

JLUkJ

Alvescot Inclosure Bill committed.

Lancaster Marsh Embanking and Drainage Bill committed.

Petitions against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.$ and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

House to adopt such Measures as in their Wisdom shall be deemed expedient for prohibiting the Sale of Com at Market by Sample.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Compton Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Sykes, Mr. Sykes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners viewing, with great Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other. An Act to prevent seditious Assemblies; which they conceive to be Infringements upon the Constitution, and Violations of their best Rights and Liberties, have met to request of the House that they will, at this awful Crisis, act as the Representatives of a free People, by opposing their Authority to an Innovation unprecedented since the Resolution: That the Petitioners, though they lament the late Insult offered to the King, cannot avoid expressing their Conviction, that the existing Laws are fully adequate to the Punishment of Offenders, and sufficient to prevent a Repetition of similar Outrages: That the Petitioners knowing the distressed Situation of a vast Number of their Fellow Creatures, and convinced that those Distresses arise from the Continuance of the present most disastrous War,' do most servently implore the House to use every Endeavour to bring about a speedy Peace, as the best Mode of giving Stability to the Throne, Clothing to the Naked, and Bread to the Poor.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Leicester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners view, with the utmost Detestation and Abhorrence, the late daring Insult offered to the sacred Person of the King, and sincerely hope that the Perpetrators thereof may be brought to condign Punishment: That the Petitioners conceive that the Honour and Happiness of the Sovereign are so intimately connected with the Prosperity of the People, that the best Assurance he can have of their Affection must arise from the perfect Enjoyment of their Freedom, and that those who would attempt to diminish that Freedom are Enemies to the King, and to the Constitution: That it appears to the Petitioners, that the Two Bills now depending in Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government, against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other, An Act to prevent seditious Meetings and Assemblies; are destructive of the Happiness, and of the fundamental Rights of the People, and Vol. 61.

strike at the Foundation of the Constitution, inasmuch as they unnecessarily increase the Number of Capital Punishments, prevent all Public Discussion, and the Declaration of popular Opinion, and, particularly, subvert that invaluable Enjoyment the Liberty of the Press.

With Minds thus impressed, the Petitioners earnestly entreat the House, the legal Guardians of their Rights, to prevent those Bills from passing into Laws, and thereby secure to them and Posterity the Continuance of Privileges which form an essential and iuestimable Part of our excellent Constitution.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom Bill for the the Bill for the better Relief of the Poor within the better Relief several Hundreds and Districts in that Part of Great Po^d Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of by Artstf Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance Parliament, and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the reported. Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds and Districts, as to the Assessments ' to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that Beilby Thompson, Esquire, Orders for and the Right honourable Lord George Augustus Henry Attendance Cavendish, were now present in their Places in the Members House; discharged.

The Orders made upon Tuesday last, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

A Petition of the thereunder-written Inhabitants of Petition Southampton and its Neighbourhood, was presented to respecting the House, and read; Setting forth, That, while this Country is bearing its Share of the Calamities under 66 ,ng3'

which all Europe is suffering, they cannot but feel great Concern on seeing its particular Distress increased by internal Discord and Contention, Evils of so alarming a Nature, as to call aloud for the Interposition of the governing Powers, to whose Care the general Welfare is committed: And therefore praying the House to take such vigorous Measures as, in its Wisdom, shall seem most effectual for preserving inviolate our envied Constitution, and guarding it from the insidious Attacks of those who, under the specious Pretext of the Subjects Right, form and encourage Meetings, where the grossest Misrepresentations are held forth, and the most pernicious Doctrines inculcated, tending to excite Discontent in the deluded Multitude, Disrespect to our gracious Sovereign, and Contempt of the Laws, and to destroy all Subordination, that indispensable Bond of social Union, without which no Government can exist, no Nation can enjoy Prosperity or Peace.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of !«f""stthe Stqffbj'd, in the County of Stafford, was also presented fratin^D0

Mm to 8

A.H

Petitions against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

134 IMovcmbns.

to the House, and read: Setting forth. That they have beheld, with the utmost Sorrow, a Bill now pending in the House, for the more effectual preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; the Operation of which, they humbly conceive, will be to subvert the Liberties and fundamental Laws of this Nation as established at the glorious Resolution: To complain under Oppression has hitherto been considered the Right of Englishmen; but, by the present Bill, the Petitioners humbly conceive that they will be utterly deprived of that Freedom of Discussion in Public Assemblies, by which alone the true Extent and Pressure of Grievance can be ascertained — because this Bill requires the Intervention of a Magistrate at every Meeting convened for the Purpose of lamenting Grievances, where the General Voice may be overawed by his Authority — Discontent may be misinterpreted into Disloyalty — and Perseverance in Complaint may be menaced with the Horrors of Martial Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Burgesses, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of ,was also pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed there are Two Bills now depending in the House, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, and, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable Practices and Attempts: That considering the Constitution of this Kingdom, as by Law established, is wisely calculated, and sufficiently powerful, to secure the Person of the Sovereign, enforce due Obedience and Submission to the Government and Laws, as well as to provide for the Peace and Happiness of the Nation, and the Liberty and Prosperity of the People, and humbly conceiving that the said Two Bills tend to prevent the free Discussion of Public Measures, the undoubted and one of the most important Rights of British Subjects, and also viewing them as Innovations of that Constitution, which the Petitioners wish always to support, maintain, and deliver to Posterity inviolate, they therefore pray, That the said Bills may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gun-makers residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with great Concern, Two Bills now before the House, severally intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; which the Petitioners insist are totally subversive of the true Principles of the Constitution, as established at the glorious Resolution in 1688: That the Petitioners further represent to the House, that Public Meetings, of every Description of the People, are the only Security they possess against the Abuses of Power: That the Petitioners, deeply sensible of the Dangers which impend over this Country, and smarting under the Calamities and Distress occasioned by the War in which they are unfortunately involved, do most humbly entreat the House not to aggravate their Sufferings by passing the present Bills into Laws, and thereby destroy the best Rights and Liberties of Englishmen.

A Petition of John Cartwright, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the strongest Manner, condemns and reprobates all such Outrages on Peace and Order, and all such flagitious Insults, as appear to have been offered to His Majesty on the first Day of the present Session of Parliament; and thinks the Offenders ought, if possible, to be discovered, and, if discovered and

convicted, to be punished in the most exemplary Manner; and he presumes the Laws now in being fully adequate to that salutary End, as well as to the still more important one of preventing, as far as Law can prevent, the high Crime of Treason, provided those Laws be duly resorted to, and faithfully administered: Holding these Sentiments, the Petitioner has viewed, with the deepest Horror, the Attempts now making in both Houses of Parliament, by certain Persons in Power, to introduce into the Criminal Law of England such a Change as, in the Opinion of the Petitioner, must, if successful, remove from his Mind every Idea of his living under a free Government: The Petitioner humbly conceives the proposed Bill for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and another Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, to be wholly unnecessary to the Laws of this Country, injurious to the Interests, subversive of the Liberties, and dishonouring the Character, of the Nation, and pernicious also in the highest Degree, inasmuch as those Bills, if made Law, would have, to the Apprehension of the Petitioner, a manifest Tendency to foster and to aggravate the Discontents of one Part of the People; and, as soon as the Prejudices of others shall by Experience be done away, to beget in the Community at large a settled and rooted Dislike of the Government, under which they should be doomed to live. The Petitioner certainly does believe, and indeed he knows, that great Discontent at certain Abuses and Corruptions of the Constitution does exist amongst many of the People, whose anxious Attachment to the Constitution has taught them to study its Principles, and to consider by what Line of Conduct, both on the Part of the People, and of their Rulers, that Constitution is to be preserved: That Sort of Discontent, the Petitioner is not ashamed to own, he himself has long and deeply felt, and largely shared; nor does he wish to conceal from the House, that the Views he has taken of the Abuses and Corruptions he speaks of, have filled his Mind with the most melancholy Presages of the approaching Loss of British Liberty; nor can he now entertain a better Hope, unless certain Measures, congenial with the true Principles and obvious Maxims of our Constitution, be speedily adopted by the House; he need not say they must be Measures of a Complexion as different from the dreadful Bills now pending, as Light from Darkness: Here the Petitioner most humbly entreats the House to look into its own Journals for a Petition presented to it on the 6th Day of May 1793, and to review the said Petition with that serious Attention, that full Deliberation, and that impartial Regard to the most important Right of Englishmen, which the subject Matter of that Petition so well deserves to have bestowed upon it: That Petition, as the present Petitioner is credibly informed and believes, states, amongst a great Variety of Particulars of high Importance, the following Facts and Inferences, and in the following Words; namely — " That, at " the present Day, the House of Commons does not " fully and fairly represent the People of England, " which, consistently with what your Petitioners conceive to be the Principles of the Constitution, they " consider as a Grievance; and, therefore, with all " becoming Respect, lay their Complaints before your " Honourable House" — Again, Your Petitioners,

" in affirming that your Honourable House is not an " adequate Representation of the People of England, " do but state a Fact, which, if the word, ‘ Representation' be accepted in its fair and obvious Sense, " they are ready to prove; and which they think detrimental to their Interest, and contrary to the Spirit " of the Constitution" — Again, " Your Petitioners " must now beg Leave to call the Attention of your

" Honourable

36 Geo. III. 27° Novem. 135

" Honourable House to the greatest Evil produced by these Defects in the Representation" [Referring to a long Enumeration of Defects besides those here " quoted] " of which they complain; namely, the Extent of Private Parliamentary Patronage; an Abuse, which obviously tends to exclude the great Mass " of the People from any substantial Influence in the " Election of the House of Commons, and which, in " its Progress, threatens to usurp the Sovereignty of " the Country, to the equal Danger of the King, of " the Lords, and of the Commons" — Again, " The " Operation of the first Species of Patronage is direct, and subject to positive Proof: Eighty-four " Individuals do, by their own immediate Authority, " send One hundred and Fifty-seven of your Honourable Members to Parliament; and this your Petitioners are ready, if the Fact be disputed, to prove, " and to name the Members and the Patrons — The " second Species of Patronage cannot be shewn with " equal Accuracy, though it is felt with equal Force ‘ — Your Petitioners are convinced, that, in Addition u to the One hundred and Fifty-seven Honourable M Members above-mentioned, One hundred and Fifty more, making in the whole Three Hundred and Seven, are returned to your Honourable House, not " by the collected Voice of those whom they appear " to represent, but by the Recommendation of Seventy " powerful Individuals, added to the Eighty-four " above-mentioned, and making the Total Number " of Patrons altogether only One hundred and Fiftyfour, who return a decided Majority of your Honourable House. — If your Honourable House will accept " as Evidence the common Report and general fieUef of the Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, which " return the Members alluded to, your Petitioners are " ready to name them, and to prove the Fact; or, if " the Members in Question can be made Parties to " the Inquiry, your Petitioners will name them, and " be governed by the Testimony which they themselves Hshall publicly give:" If, then, the Allegations here recited be true — and the Petitioner has been credibly informed, they were not so much as questioned by any Member of the House, when placed on its Journals — he hopes he may, without giving Offence to the House (all Intention of which he sincerely disclaims, as on this solemn Occasion he should think such Conduct highly indecent and represensible) he hopes, he says, he may ask. Where are to be found the Three distinct, independent, and balancing Powers of the English Constitution ? — Monarchy, and Aristocracy, indeed, hold their respective Places, undiminished in Splendour, and apparently possessing their Constitutional Shares in the Government; but, when the Petitioner looks for Democracy, when he seeks the awfully-majestic Representative Body of this great Nation emphatically stiled, " The Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," presumed to emanate from, and to be identified with, the great Mass of the People, — touched by their every Grievance and sympathizing in all their natural and honourable Feelings, does he find such a Representative Body to exist? Do not the Journals of the House, on the contrary, inform him, that a decided Majority of the House are returned, " not by the collected Voice of those whom " they appear to represent," but under the private Patronage, or by the immediate Authority, of One hundred and Fifty-four Individuals? If these alarming Allegations be true — if One hundred and Fifty-four Persons can, and actually do, at their own independent Will and Pleasure, to the grievous Wrong of the People, seat in the House a Majority of its Members, must not those Persons, of course, have its Determinations at Command ? and will not such a State of Things amount to the Demonstration of a Fact, which, keenly as it may be felt by the Petitioner, rather than express, he will leave to be inferred by the House: If these Vol.31.

afflicting Allegations be true, has there not crept into the Government, through an insensible Decay which needs to be repaired, an alarming, a portentous Power, a mighty irresistible Something, distinct from, and paramount to, all the Constitutional Estates of the Realm ? — a Power of a Character utterly unknown to our Constitution, and abhorrent to the Principles of our Government; — a Power for which Political Writers have, indeed, an appropriate Appellation; but one so odious, that the Petitioner, out of Respect to the House, and from his Feelings of Reverence for the genuine Constitution of his Country, will forbear to express: And, if such a dreadful Power have, in the Nature of a Disease, grown out of the gradually increasing Decay of popular Representation; and have at its Disposal the Public Purse and consequently dependent on its Will the Supplies to the Executive Magistrate, can even His Majesty be supposed to be beyond the Reach of its overbearing Sway ? — must not the Peerage be eclipsed by the One hundred and Fifty-four ? — and all the just Ends of Representation to the People be defeated, while their every Interest shall be submitted to the Power of Men, in whose Election or Appointment they, have neither Share, Controul, nor Influence?. And if it be likewise true, as farther stated in the aforesaid Petition of the 6th of May 1793, and of which the then Petitioners tendered " legal Evidence, that Forty Peers, in Defiance of your Resolutions, have possessed themselves of so many " Burgage Tenures, and obtained such an absolute " and uncontrouled Command in very many small " Boroughs in the Kingdom, as to be enabled, by their " own positive Authority, to return Eighty-one of " your Honourable Members;" and that the said then Petitioners also had the most reasonable Grounds to " suspect" (which Grounds of Suspicion they declared themselves ready to shew at the Bar of the House) " that no less than One hundred and Fifty of your " Honourable Members owe their Elections entirely " to the Interference of Peers" — if these Things be true, then the Petitioner humbly conceives, while Alarms are so industriously propagated of Attempts and Conspirings against the Constitution, that Attempts such as these, Conspirings so daring and so criminal, Strokes so sweeping, to remove the Pillars of the Fabric, ought not to pass without a full and rigid Investigation; and the more so, as the Truth or the Falsehood of the Allegations can so easily be ascertained by the House: Lord Chancellor Somers, as every Member of the House must know, in a Treatise on Government, has truly said, that " Treason is a betraying of " the State; and the greatest and highest Treason is " that which is committed against the Constitution." If, then, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, be a Part, a vital, a sacred Part of the Constitution; — if it be only on the Principle of Representation that the House can be entitled to that Appellation; — if sitting in the House constitutionally implies Popular Election; — and if a Loss to the People, either by Encroachment or otherwise, of a Majority of the Seats in the House, have actually taken place, as so strongly set forth without Denial or Question in the Petition on the Journals to which the present Petitioner now refers; then he humbly presumes it will follow as a necessary Conclusion, that the Constitution has indeed received a deep and deadly Wound. There may not have been Treason.in the Intention; but no Man can deny, that he, who more or less destroys the Essence of the House of Commons, betrays the State. Should any Men beneath the Degree of Baron, even Meml>ers of the House, usurp, but for a Day, Seats among the Peers, arrogating to themselves the Functions of Lords of Parliament, would not Astonishment and Indignation strike every Breast ? and would not the Constitution itself shake to its Centre, if Possession could be held of such Seats, to pass as Private

Property

Petition# against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

136

27° Novem

A. 1795.

Petitions against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings *, and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, dec.

Property from Hand to Hand ? — or if any Privy Councillor should dare to step with the King into his Throne on the Meeting of Parliament, and hidden Fetters should also be discovered under the Royal Robe, would not a Cry of " Treason " burst from every Tongue? — Are there, then, the Petitioner humbly asks the House, only Two Estates of the Realm which are to be hedged in and secured by a sacred Inviolability; while the Third, like a neglected Common, is to have its Fences trampled under Foot, and to become the Spoil of every lawless Trespasser? — No; the House will doubtless awaken to the Necessity of expelling Invaders, and guarding against future Encroachment. And it is for the House seriously to consider, whether reflecting Men can believe, that either of the Two Bills now pending would ever have seen the Light, had not their Movers been encouraged to such Attacks on the Liberties of the People, from the Traces of Popular Representation in the House being so nearly worn out and obliterated. As these Bills have been ushered in, like other inauspicious Acts of their Authors, with dark Insinuations of Criminality against Men known to profess themselves the Advocates for a Reform in the House, and such insinuated Criminality of these Men is made the indecent, the monstrous Pretext for uprooting the Freedom of all Men, it may not be unworthy of the House to bestow a few Moments of their Attention on some Circumstances respecting those who come within the general Description of Friends to Parliamentary Reform; Men who, although differing in Opinion on subordinate Points, are agreed in that One Object from which the Appellation has been given them. The Reformers are charged with Discontent: So far from denying this Charge, they have, for the last Fifteen Years, from Time to Time, come to the House to make known this Discontent, to shew its Cause, and to pray for the Removal of both Cause and Effect: If they are not yet disburdened of their Grief, it is because the House hath not yet thought proper even to enquire into the Justness of their Complaint. The Reformers are accused of conspiring to overthrow the Constitution: False and extravagant as is this Accusation, they may not be surprized at it; and for the following Reasons: l st, Because, by their Exertions to bring to Light the Conspirings of other Men against the Constitution, the Truth was Daily becoming manifest to the Nation: — 2dly, Because Men, interested in upholding the Corruptions of the State, which caused the Discontent complained of, had in their Hands the Annual Application and Expenditure of Seventeen Millions of Public Money; and, as appears to the Petitioner, without being under any sufficient Controul: — 3dly, Because the said Men had also in their Hands every other Means which the Government and Patronage of a great Empire can be supposed to afford for influencing the Public Opinion; and, if capable of so atrocious a Crime, of spreading through the Land false Alarms and Delusions, which not even Truth could resist or oppose without the Aid of Time: — And, lastly, Because the very Nature of the Case required that, in order to divert the Public Attention from those Corruptions and Decays in the very Frame of the Government, and those Conspirings against the Constitution which the Reformers were so successfully exposing, they themselves should be charged with the Crime, and their Cause, if possible* brought into Disrepute — Fraud, Panic, and Delusion, have had their Day; but the Petitioner trusts in Time, as well as in the Wisdom of the House, and the Discernment of an English People, for a true Judgment being passed between the Reformers and their Opponents: The House cannot be ignorant that, with particular Reference to the pretended Plots of the Reformers, and to the State of these Men's Minds — certainly not in a State of unfeeling Apathy, but suffering under a quick Sense of unredressed Wrongs — and as

a special Reason for not administering that Political Medicine, a Parliamentary Reform, it has by their Opponents been urged that the Times are too Feverish, and yet they now behold Bills proposed by their Opponents which, if the People of England are not become, Politically speaking, a Nation of Dead Carcases, must spread a Flame through the Land. If, in an Inflammatory State of the natural Body, it were to be assigned as a Reason for withholding a Powerful Febrifuge, that the Fever ran too high, and at the same Time the Essence of whatever was most inflammatory and irritating were thrown in, to work up the Fever into a Phrenzy, would not the House think that a Physician, so acting, were either a Madman or a Murderer? The House will recollect at what Period it was, that the Proceedings of the Reformers first gave Ministers serious Disturbance of Mind, and, as all the subsequent Matters must be fresh in its Memory, the Petitioner will not do more than just touch on the most prominent Objects of Attention; namely, the Activity of the Reformers, and the Hopes of Success with which they were animated; the Censures they hereupon incurred, the Imputations thrown out against them, the Spies placed around them, the Seizure of Papers containing all their Plans of Operation, the Imprisonment of conspicuous Persons, their Indictment for High Treason; and, after a considerable Period of most anxious Suspence to the Nation, the Trials that ensued. — And what at last appeared? Why, it appeared, that mixed with the Proceedings of some of these Men, in their great and virtuous Cause, there were on the Part of Individuals Marks of Indiscretion, Rashness, and Folly; for they were Men; and some of them without the Advantages of Education; — It also appeared, that the Fervours of some had even, in the Judgment of Juries, hurried them into Expressions deemed seditious. But Sedition, the Petitioner begs Leave to observe to the House, is an undefined, and perhaps undefinable Crime; an Error of that peculiar Nature, that, in bad Times, the base and the servile are perhaps less likely to fall into it, than those who feel a generous Indignation at their Country's Wrongs. A Sidney and a Russell were accounted seditious, when a Jefferies was the Pattern of Loyalty — The only Person whom the Petitioner recollects to have been convicted of Treason (except a Man whom he believes was afterwards pardoned) was an acknowledged Spy, and under Circumstances that may account for his Conduct in the Line of his Vocation; a Man, if his own Account of himself may be credited, tinctured with Fanaticism, if not with Insanity — But the Petitioner, with much Deference, asks again, What, after all the agitating Alarms, after all the successful Diligence of Government in securing Persons and Papers, and after Trials, such as never before oppressed the Bench and the Bar with the Labours of Investigation, what has been brought to Light respecting the Reformers, that it imports the Nation to know ? — The Petitioner will tell the House what has been brought to Light. This has been brought to Light: — That the Constitution has already been grievously injured and undermined; and that nothing but the Measures which the Reformers point out, and have been pursuing — Measures which they have again and again pressed upon the Attention of the Public, and of the House, can avert its speedy Destruction — And the Petitioner, with great Humility, will also beg Leave to inform the House what has not been brought to Light concerning the Reformers: In all this sifting of their Actions, and even of their very Thoughts, there was not discovered the smallest Ground for charging them with criminally conspiring to seize on One hundred and Fifty Seats in the House, and sell them to Peers; or with any Attempt at transferring a decided Majority of those Seats to One hundred and Fifty-four Men, to be held and inherited as Private Property; giving the Possessors of those Seats such irresponsible

36 Geo. III. 27° Novembris. 137

irresponsible and irresistible Power, as to make them, if Movers, to establish and perpetuate its Corruptions Petitions not in Name and in Form, yet to all substantial Pur- and Abuses, by cutting off all Communication between "P*"151 t,ie poses, Sovereigns of their Sovereign, Lords of the only Man and Man, and making it one of the greatest Lords we acknowledge; and, in respect of the People, of our Crimes to utter the greatest of our Wrongs, Seditious8 that which the English Constitution does not know; while these Corruptions and Abuses are to be sane- Meetings; that which no free Government can know; and that tioned and secured, under the magic Phrase of " the for l!ie which the Petitioner cannot express to the House, but Established Government and ConstitutionThe Peti- Majesty'* in Language that is a Contradiction in Terms — Un- tioner therefore feels it a solemn Duty he owes his Person, &c. chosen Representatives; and with full Power over the Country — he hopes in God it may not be the last Property, the Lives, and Liberty of us all — No: Such he may be enabled to perform — to urge, with all the horrid Conspirings, to pull down and to subvert, from Importunity consistent with Respect, the present im-its very Foundations, the British Government and Con- perious Necessity of a Reform in the Representation stitution, belong not to the Reformers. As, amongst of the People in the House; as the best and only per-other Charges that have been imputed to the Re- manent Security which they can have for their Liberties formers, stand those of aiming at an Invasion of against all Attempts; as that alone which can remove Aristocratic Rights, and striking at the Constitutional Discontents, and fix the Constitution in their Hearts;

Privileges of the Peerage; the Petitioner cannot but and as the only natural Way, and therefore the best, observe, that, upon the Peers who are said to have to reconcile them to the Burthens of Taxation, and seized on so many Seats in the House, such Alarms do the wholesome Restraints of equitable Law and just not appear to have made much Impression; or they Government.

could not court Retaliation by being the Persons to set A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty

an Example, or continue in the Practice of invading the of We, was also presented to the House, and

Rights, and destroying the Privileges, of the Commons read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought

— And how will the House reconcile the pretended into the House, subversive of those Liberties which

Zeal of some Men, associated for supporting a Consti- the People of this Kingdom, at the Period when they

tution of King, Lords, and Commons, with that utter transferred the Crown of England to the illustrious

Indifference, if not Approbation, with which they look Family at present on the Throne, did claim, demand,

on, while so many Peers stand charged, by Petition to and insist upon, as their true, ancient, and indubitable

the House, with openly, in broad Day, seizing on its Rights; and that the said Bill is intituled, An Act

sacred Seats; and attempting to draw every Power of for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings

that Constitution within the dreadful Vortex of an and Assemblies. That the only Mode by which the

unbalanced Aristocracy ? The Petitioner finds it to be Petitioners, and the People of Great Britain can ex-

an Object of one of the Bills, now pending, to make press their Sentiments, and make their Grievances

it punishable in any Man who, by writing or speaking, known, is by meeting together, either to instruct their

shall incite another Man or Men to think ill of the Representatives, to petition Parliament, or to address

established Government and Constitution, by feeling the King; this is their Privilege, and subject to the

towards them the Sentiments of Dislike, or Contempt, existing Laws which have already provided against

or Hatred, or some such Passion: Now, as every the Abuse of it: The Petitioners, in the Language

Passion of the human Mind is only excited by its cor- of their Forefathers, claim, demand, and insist upon

responding Motive, so certain Provisions in a Consti- the free Exercise of it as their true, ancient, and

tution, or certain Actions in Rulers, will excite one indubitable Right: The Allowance and Encouragement

Passion, and others will excite another. By the Spirit of free, honest, and open Discussion, of all Matters

and Letter of this Bill, then, if through any present Political and Judicial, while it has afforded the surest

Defects or future Breaches of the Constitution (and who Controul upon the Encroachments of the Executive

can say what it may be a Year hence, if the People Government, has tended most effectually to secure

do not protect their Rights) we should ever experience the upright Administration of Justice: The House is

any gross Injustice, or wanton Tyranny, this Law would humbly reminded, that the Right of the People to

doom us to Silence; and the greater our Misery, the such Meetings is the best Security they possess against

more certain should we be of incurring Punishment the Abuse of Power: If they who are delegated to

by the Mention of it. Sentiments of Contempt must defend their Liberties basely or corruptly betray them —

be felt towards a Government and Constitution inca- If they who are sent to watch over Ministers become

pable of shielding us from Wrong; and, if the Oppres- their Accomplices, what may the People do if they

sion should be extreme, Hatred and Detestation of may not remonstrate ? By the Bill now depending,

such Government and Constitution must be a necessary no Meeting can be called except with the Knowledge

Consequence: By the very Mention, therefore, of our of a Magistrate, whose Presence is made necessary.

Wrongs, in the Situation here supposed, we should not merely for the Preservation of the Peace, but excite in our Hearers the corresponding Passions, for the Purpose of controuling the Sentiments to be and consequently become obnoxious to Punishment, uttered — He is constituted sole Judge of the Manner By the second of these Bills, the sacred Constitutional in which a Grievance may be stated, or a Right Right, of petitioning the Legislature for Redress of asserted: To differ with him in political Opinion Grievances, is so directly struck at, and, if the Bill is made a Breach of the Peace; to maintain that were to pass into a Law, would be so completely Opinion is made a Riot; and to persist in it is to annihilated, that it would be a Waste of Words to incur the Horrors of Military Execution: The Peti-trouble the House with any Remarks upon the wording tioners trust the House will feel a proper Degree of of thatBilL — The Petitioner, therefore, thinking it would Resentment against the Principle of such a Bill, as be a Disgrace to human Nature to live under such affecting the whole Mass of the People; but the Peti-Laws, humbly trusts the House will not suffer them tioners, as Inhabitants of , stand more

to sully an English Statute Book; or to alienate the especially in need of the Protection of the House;

Minds of the People from the Laws, the Government, it is the Petitioners peculiar Fate to be superintended and Constitution of their Country. Nor should the by Magistrates who are selected, employed, and paid.

Petitioner feel justified to his own Mind, if he did not during Pleasure, by the Executive Power. The Peti-remark, that while these Bills affect to shield, they in tioners further beg Leave to call the Attention of reality stab, the Constitution; and, under the flimsy the House to a Bill, now depending, intituled, An Pretence of supporting its Honour, they go directly, Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's and by the shortest Road, and therefore in his Con- Person and Government against treasonable and sedi-science he believes them solely intended, by their tious Practices and Attempts: They humbly represent,

Vol. 51. N n that

138 27°

that this Bill contains an arbitrary Accumulation of Treasons, calculated to harass and oppress the Subject, without adding any Security to the Person of His Majesty; that it also describes the Misdemeanor, at which another of its Clauses is pointed, with such studied Ambiguity, as to comprehend, in its penal Operation, every Exercise of the Right of examining Public Affairs, and that this Misdemeanor, so de-< scribed, is subjected to a barbarous Punishment, which,

as applied to such Offence, is utterly unknown to the mild and merciful Spirit of the Law of England: — Under all these Circumstances the Petitioners, deeply impressed with a Sense of the Dangers which impend over the Peace and Constitution of their Country, most earnestly implore the House to avert them, by the Rejection of Measures, which, by depriving the People of their most ancient and indubitable Rights, have a Tendency to alienate their Affections from the Constitution, and to lessen their Respect for the Laws.

Petition from Petition of the thereunder-signed Gentlemen,

jtirrpv o

respecting Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County

Seditious of Surrey, was also presented to the House, and Meetings. read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending before the House, purporting to be An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Crown and Government against treasonable Practices and Attempts; and also a Pill to prevent seditious Meetings: That the Petitioners have beheld, with deep Regret, the Endeavours of some unprincipled Men to scaster the Seeds of Disaffection towards His Majesty and our excellent Constitution; to mislead the Understandings of the laborious Classes of the People; by false Representations to inflame their Passions, and provoke them to Acts of Treason and Rebellion: The Petitioners are well assured that the Causes of this Deviation from the true English Character may be evidently traced to those Schools of Sedition where the Crimes of the French People are held up for Imitation, and where the rising Generation are taught to despise the Religion and Laws of their Forefathers: Anxious to preserve the Penefits of that free Constitution under which, by the Plessing of Almighty God, the People of this Land have flourished in Happiness and Prosperity, the Petitioners rely with Confidence on the Wisdom of Parliament, That such Laws will be enacted as may be adequate to restrain those growing Evils without infringing those Liberties ‘ which Englishmen justly deem invaluable, and of which the Right of petitioning, and of remonstrating to the several Branches of the Legislature, form an essential Part.

Petition A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Castle

Baynard, was also presented to the House, and read; preventing Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel the deepest Seditious Abhorrence of the late abominable Outrage upon His Meetings; Majesty's Person, and trust that the Perpetrators there-Sftfet^of16 of will receive the Punishment due to so flagitious ilis Majesty's an Offence, to which the existing Laws are, in their Person, &c. Opinion, fully adequate: That the Petitioners feel the deepest Concern that such Attack upon the sacred Person of His Majesty should be followed by an equally outrageous Attack upon the no less sacred Liberties of His Subjects, and be made a Pretext for the Introduction of Two Bills now before the House, which, under a Pretence of providing for the greater Safety of His Majesty, would, if passed into Laws, affect, and tend ultimately to annihilate, the Liberties of the People: That it is the Opinion of the Petitioners, that the Power proposed to be committed to the Magistrates by one of those Bills would be a direct Violation of the Constitution, and that the People would have no Security against the Abuse of it; and their Apprehension that such Power would be abused is warranted by the Conduct of Sir John , Alderman of the said Ward, who peremptorily refuged to convene the

'em hr is. A. 1795.

Inhabitants to consider the Propriety of the present Petition, although requested so to do by near Forty of the Petitioners: That their Abhorrence of these Bills is the greater, and their Opposition thereto the more earnest, from an Apprehension, general throughout the Kingdom, that they are intended as a Foundation whereon to erect yet greater Violations of the just and acknow ledged Rights and Liberties of the People, recognized and confirmed at the memorable vEra of the Resolution: The Petitioners therefore humbly but earnestly pray, That the House will not pass the said Bills, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, and, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition the City of Bath, was also presented to the House, *

and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is now before the preventing

House, intituled, An Act for the more effectually Seditious preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, which appears to be entirely subversive of the well known Saiet^of* ancient Liberty of the Subject, as declared and recog- His Majesty's nized in the Filth Article of the Bill of Rights: That, Person,&c. when both Houses of Parliament made a solemn Tender of the Crown to their Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Orange, and their Successors, they did claim, demand, and insist upon, the Right of the

People to petition, and therefore to meet and assem-

ble, without Restraint, for that Purpose, as their undoubted Right and Liberty; and the Petitioners cannot see, without extreme Anxiety, a Bill before the House, which threatens to deprive them of this acknowledged and invaluable Right: That the Petitioners, under the united Impressions of Horror and Indignation, feel and lament the daring Outrage against His Majesty's Royal Person in Flis Passage to Parliament, on the Opening of the Session; but they have a Consolation in reflecting, that the Laws now in being have made ample Provision for the due and condign Punishment of all such audacious Offences:

That the Petitioners, with these Sentiments, humbly beg Leave to represent to the House, that they consider a Bill, now likewise depending, intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, as not only unnecessary, from the Existence of the present Laws for the Punishment of such Attempts and Practices, but, without affording any additional Security to His Majesty's Person or Government, as oppressing the Subject with Punishments hitherto unknown in the System of English Jurisprudence, for ambiguous and undefined Crimes and Misdemeanors, which they conceive to be also inconsistent with the Tenth Article of the Bill of Rights: That the Petitioners, from these Considerations, do most humbly and most earnestly implore the House to reject the said Bills, and to continue to them those Rights and Liberties which were claimed, demanded, and insisted upon, and which, they trust, will be transmitted, without Infringement or Restriction, to their latest Posterity.

A Petition of the loyal Inhabitants of the Towns of Petition from Portsmouth and Port sea, and their Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, favourof' That a Petition, stated to be from the Inhabitants of d° Bills, the Towns of Portsmouth and Portsea, and the Vicinity, expressive of their decided Disapprobation of the Convention Bills (as they are therein stiled) is intended to be presented to the House, and seeing, with Indignation, that the same is pretended to contain the Sense of the Independent Inhabitants of those Towns, the Petitioners find themselves under the Necessity of offering their humble Sentiments in Contradiction thereto: That, observing the Spirit of Innovation, and the Licentiousness of the Times, require the deliberate

36 Geo. III. 27° Nov-emb 139

berate Exertions of all true Friends and Wellwishers to their Country, the Petitioners feel infinite Happiness in reflecting, that Parliament has, in its Wisdom, thought proper to propose Two Bills, which appear absolutely necessary to suppress the seditious Sentiments now so audaciously and publicly avowed, and which, they trust, will answer the truly desirable Purposes of securing our beloved Monarch from Insult, and from the atrocious Attempts and wicked Machinations of disaffected and dangerous Persons: That the Suppression of those Meetings in which Sedition is inculcated by the most crafty Devices and insidious Arguments, calculated to mislead the unwary and uninformed, and to stimulate the discontented to Acts of Treason and Rebellion, appears to be exceedingly expedient, which the Petitioners sincerely hope the Bills in questioa will happily produce without abridging the real and essential Liberties of the Subject, and that their Effects wall be felt by those Persons only, who by their Actions or illusive Doctrines may attempt to seduce others from their Allegiance to their most gracious Sovereign, and from a due Reverence to the Laws: That the Petitioners finally beg Leave to avail themselves of this Opportunity to declare, in the most unequivocal Terms, their Determination to come forward in a legal Manner, and to exert themselves, upon all Occasions, to the utmost of their Power, to guard their most gracious Sovereign, and every Branch of His illustrious House, from all seditious and treasonable Attempts, and to preserve their glorious Constitution inviolate, that it may be transmitted to Posterity as it has been handed down by their Ancestors, the Envy and Admiration of the World, and the Pride and Glory of Englishmen: That, influenced by these Considerations, the Petitioners hnmbly pray, That the Bills now pending in Parliament may be speedily passed into Laws.

Petition A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of

against the gate, was also presented to the House, and read; Eventing Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel the deepest Seditious Abhorrence at the late abominable Outrage upon His Meetings; Majesty's Person, and-trust that the Perpetrators thereof and for the will receive the Punishment due to so flagitious an Mawty's Offence, to which the existing Laws are, in their Opi-Penon, &c. nion, fully adequate: That the Petitioners feel the deepest Concern that such Attack upon the sacred Person of His Majesty, should be made a Pretext for the Introduction of Two Bills now before the House, which, under a Pretence of providing for the greater Safety of His Majesty, would, if passed into a Law, affect, and tend ultimately to annihilate, the Liberties of the People: That it is the Opinion of the Petitioners, that the Power proposed to be committed to the Magistrates by One of those Bills would be a direct Violation of the Constitution, and that the People would have no Security against the Abuse of it; and their Apprehension that such Power would be abused, is warranted by the Conduct of John William Anderson, Esquire, Alderman of the said Ward, who refused to convene the Inhabitants to consider the Propriety of the present Petition, although requested so to do by upwards of Thirty of the Petitioners: That their Abhorrence of these Bills is the greater, and their Opposition thereto the more earnest, from an Apprehension, general throughout the Kingdom, that they are intended as a Foundation whereon to erect yet greater Violations of the just and acknowledged Rights and Liberties of the People, recognized &nd confirmed at the memorable iEra of the Resolution in 1688: The Petitioners therefore humbly but earnestly pray, That the House will not pass the said Bills, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, and, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

Vql. 51.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Petition Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, was likewise the

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, preventing That the Petitioners have ever regarded the Laws and SeditiousS Constitution of this Country as the highest Effort of Meetings; human Wisdom, and though they are not insensible safet^of His of some existing Evils, arising from Length of Time Majesty's 3 and Change of Circumstances, they yet admire them Person, &c. as the most complete System of sound Policy now extant, being admirably calculated to preserve, by a due Balance, the Prerogatives of the Crown, and the Liberties of the People; and that the Petitioners flattered themselves, that no Administration would ever be found rash enough to attempt any Infringement upon the indisputable Rights of Englishmen,

Rights which, even in Reigns confessedly tyrannical, have been so often acknowledged and ratified; but the Petitioners, with the deepest Regret, behold that Period arrived: The Two Bills, at this Time pending, one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Goveniment, the other. An Act for more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, threaten at once to destroy the glorious Fabrick of Freedom, long venerated as the most noble and valuable Inheritance they have received from their Ancestors, and which they ardently hope will descend unimpaired to their Posterity: They therefore most humbly lay their real Sentiments and Apprehensions before the House, trusting that they, animated by the same Spirit as the free Nation they represent, will be actuated by the same liberal Sensations, and will not suffer those Bills, which would infallibly enslave the Subject, and destroy all Confidence between the Legislature and the People, to pass the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War, informed the House, That House in-he was commanded by the King to acquaint the that House, that Colonel Cawthorne, of the Westminster thorne Wi Middlesex Militia, a Member of this House, having been put in been charged, by the Lieutenant Colonel of his Re- Arrest, giment, with improper Conduct, in Breach of the Articles of War, has been put in Arrest by His Majesty's Command, in order to his being tried by a Court Martial.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address His Majesty, returning His Majesty the Thanks of thereupon, the House for His gracious Message of this Day, and for His tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in the Communication which He has been pleased to make to this House of the Reason for putting Colonel Cawthorne in Arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard, General Macleod, Mr. Members Barker Church, Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. St. *dded to John, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Hare, Lord Robert Spencer,

Mr. Barclay, Mr. Miller, Mr. Morris Robinson, and esquire who Mr. John Thomas Stanley, be added to the Committee, was the who are appointed to enquire who was the Author of the Author of a Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Govern- py^11 am* j " ment — addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the " People of England: in a Series of letters — Let- j

" ter the First, on the National Character of Englishmen — The Nature of the English Government — The " Corruptions caused in both by the Introduction of " French Principles — The Effects produced by the " formation and the Resolution upon Political Principles " — The Conduct of the Whig Party — The Character j

of the modem Democrats — London, printed for " J. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795."

A. 1795

Committee to sit Tomorrow.

Account of Extraordi-naries of the Army to be printed.

Committee on Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

reported.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Bill to continue Act for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, Sec. deferred.

140 27° — 30"

The House being informed, that the said Committee had adjourned from this Day to Monday next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do sit Tomorrow, and proceed on the Matter referred to them, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1794 to the 14th of November 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Luna, SO* die Novembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III1" Regis, 1795.

P R A y E & s.

A BILL for more effectually repairing the Road Colne and from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lan- Blackburn caster, was read a Second Time. Road BlU

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas coairuUlt Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low " Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or " any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into North Shields Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty- 8,111 Newcas-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, R^jj°p^"ne and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present tion- Majesty, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Neic-casile upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now ow ing, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And "it is referred to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr.

Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Awre Incio-thereunder-written, being Owners and Occupiers ofsure ^‘bon. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Tything of Awre, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Tything, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and a certain Tract of Land, or Common, called The Old Wharf; and that the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, as is also the said Tract of Land, and all other the said Commonable Lands, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and the Petitioners well know it will tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of themselves, and all other Persons interested therein, that the same should be divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted and assigned to and amongst them, in Severalty, in Lieu of and in Proportion to their respective Lands, Common Rights, and Interests^ in the said Premises: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting such Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Com- Royal Ex-mittee, to whom the Petition of The Royal Exchange chan?e As" Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was pe"{|o„

referred; reported.

36 Geo. II1. 30° Novembris. 141

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Abraham Winterbottom, Esquire, Solicitor to the Company,

produced a Charter, dated the 29th of April in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, whereby it appeared, that the said Company are empowered to make Assurances of Lives, or of Houses or Buildings, or of Goods or Merchandizes in England, Wales, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, within the Kingdom of Ireland, or any other of the King's Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods or Merchandizes from Fire: And the Witness informed your Committee, that Doubts have arisen whether, under the said Charter, the said Company have Power to make Assurances as aforesaid, in any Parts except those recited in the Charter; and it is apprehended, that if the Petitioners and their Successors were empowered to make such Assurance, many considerable Assurances would be effected, which are now done in Foreign Parts, and many Persons resident Abroad be induced to make Assurances, to a greater Amount than can be effected under the present Doubts as to the Powers granted by the said Charter, which would evidently add to the Security of the Commercial Intercourse, and greatly increase the Revenue of these Kingdoms: And,

William Mayor, Esquire, a Merchant of the City of London, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence. — Then,

Mr. James Booth being examined, said, That the Capital of the said Company amounts to upwards of

500,000 /. which has answered every Claim, and is an increased and increasing Capital. — And,

Mr. Matthew Ward being also examined, said, That several Applications had been tendered for Assurances to all Parts of the World, but could not be accepted from the Doubts before-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

London Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Com-

CorDomion m^tee>to whom the Petition of the Corporation called Petition, The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from reported. Fire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Stephen Ley, Esquire, produced to your Committee the Charter of the said Corporation; by which it appeared they are empowered to make Assurances of Lives, and of Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Buildings, and of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in England, Wales, or the Town of Berrvick upon Tweed, or within the Kingdom of Ireland, or within any other of the King's Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods or Merchandizes from Fire. — Then the Witness informed your Committee, that Doubts have arisen whether, under the said Charter, the Corporation have Power to make any such Assurances in Parts except those mentioned in the said Charter: — And he added, that it would be of great Advantage to the said Corporation to be enabled to make all such Assurances in all Parts whatsoever. — And,

Mr. Giles Bleasdale, Solicitor to the said Corporation, confirmed the above Evidence.

Vol. 51.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson and Mr.

Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, Petition to to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors ?!nentl the of The Rennet and Avon Canal Navigation was re- canal'^ ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found Act, reported, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Rennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was read: Then,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said.

That some Progress has been made in the said Works, and that it appears, by Surveys lately made, that if the Line of the Canal was varied in certain Parts in the County of Wilts, namely, from a certain Place between Upper and Lower Foxhanger, in the Parish of Rowd, by Seend and Semington, to Lady Dozen Farm, near Trow-

bridge, and from Wolf hall Lane, leading to Wolf hall Farm, to Brintslade House, and from a Close in the Parish

of Saint John the Baptist, in Devizes, to a Road leading from Potshot to Rowd, and from a Piece of Land near Widbrook, in the Parish of Bradford, to a Road adjoining Clay Farm House, in the same Parish, and from the South Side of the River Avon, a little above Avon Cliff Mills, in the Parishes of Westwood and Bradford, to the North Side of the said River, a little below the said Mills, and from the East Side of the said River near Stoke Bridge, in the said Parish of Bradford, to the West Side of the said River, in the Parish of Moncklon Coombe, in the County of Somerset, the Line of the said Canal will be much shortened, and be more convenient to the Public, a better Junction with the Wiltshire and Berkshire Canal will be formed, a Tunnel of great Length avoided, a very material Saving of Water in the Lockage at Devizes will be made, a considerable Quantity of deep Cutting near Widbrook saved, better Situations for crossing the River Avon will be obtained, and an Aqueduct and expensive Embankment across the Mitford Valley avoided; which Variations will pass over a smaller Quantity of Land, and be executed at less Expence, and be more convenient to the Public than the present Line of the Canal. — That the making a Branch from such varied Line between Foxhanger and Lady Down Farm to Trowbridge, with a Bason at the End thereof, would be of great Advantage to the said Town and Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility: — And that it would tend to the better carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, if some of the Powers and Provisions thereof were altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the " River Rennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near " the City of Bath; and also certain Navigable Cuts " therein described;" and to amend the said Act; and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described:

And that Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Vansittart,

O o Mr.

Order for Attendance of a Member, discharged.

Petition from the East India Company,

respecting

Seditious

Meeting*.

Petition against the Pills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

142 30° Novembris.

Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Joshua Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Notice being taken, that Samuel Long, Esquire, was now present in his Place in the House;

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the East India Company was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have beheld, with Horror, the late daring Attempt on the sacred Person of His Majesty, at the Moment when he was proceeding to exercise a Prerogative of the Crown most dear to Britons, that of assembling the Representatives of the People: Whatever may have been the Circumstances that immediately led to this wicked Attempt upon His Majesty and the Constitution of this Country, the Petitioners cannot but acknowledge, with deep Concern, that it appears to them to derive its Origin from dangerous Doctrines, calculated to corrupt the Public Mind, and to disturb the Peace of the Country: Doctrines which have been disseminated with most criminal Industry by seditious Persons, disaffected to His Majesty and the happy Constitution under which we live: That the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Detestation of all Meetings for such destructive Purposes, and their confident Reliance, that the House will, in the Bill now before them, adopt such Measures for the Prevention of Assemblies of that Nature, and for the Preservation of the Public Peace of the Country, as in their Wisdom they shall see fit.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Northumberland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have learnt, with inexpressible Alarm, that a Bill hath been brought into the House, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; the Provisions of which Bill are, in the humble Apprehension of the Petitioners, destructive of the Constitution, and subversive of their ancient, true, and undoubted Rights and Liberties: That the Laws of England are the Birthright of the People thereof; that the Right of Public Discussion, and petitioning for the Redress of Grievances, is their unalienable Privilege, confirmed to them by divers Statutes of this Realm; and that any Attempt to restrain the People, in the Constitutional Exercise of this their undoubted Franchise, has a Tendency to overthrow the Fundamental Laws of the Kingdom, and to alienate the Affections of the People from the established Government: That the Petitioners, on the Part of the People of England, solemnly disowning the Charge of Disloyalty which the said Bill imputes to them, do humbly represent, that, in their Judgment, the Laws in being are sufficient, if duly executed, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and that, if they were not, it is inconsistent with the Justice of the House, that, for the Transgressions of a Few, the Whole should be disfranchised: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law. The Petitioners beg Leave further to Represent to the House, that the Bill now depending in the House, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, hath created great Disquietude and Alarm in the Minds of the Petitioners: That the Petitioners conceive the said Bill to be unnecessary, the old Laws of this Realm having, for Centuries past, been found fully adequate to all the Exigencies of the State, and any occasional

A. 1795.

Deviation from the same, by the Introduction of newfangled Treasons, having proved no less dangerous to the Safety of the Sovereign than fatal to the Liberties of the Subject: That the vague and ambiguous Terms in which the Offences created by the said Bill are described, render the Lives and Liberties of the People of England precarious and insecure, so that no Man will know how he ought to behave himself, to do, speak, or say, for Doubt of such Pains of Treason: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that it may be accorded, that, in no Time to come, any Treason be judged otherwise than was ordained by the Statute of King Edward the Third.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That with a due Sense of the Value of that excellent Constitution under which the said Town, and the Kingdom at large, have so long flourished, the Petitioners humbly represent to the House, as the Guardians of their inestimable Rights and Liberties, the full Assurance they have that those, to whose Wisdom these Rights and Liberties are entrusted, will, in Conjunction with the good and loyal People of this Land, use their best Endeavours to protect, maintain, and support our gracious King and that glorious Constitution: That the Petitioners cannot but seriously la-

ment the daring Outrage which some misguided People, who must have been deluded by the Arts of'factious, desperate, and designing Men, have been led to commit against the Life of our most gracious Sovereign, and feel with Anxiety the consequent impending Danger to which our happy Form of Government in Church and State is, by such treasonable and seditious Practices, exposed — Under these Impressions, the Petitioners cannot but approve of the Principle of the Two Bills now before the House, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government; and for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; and beg to express their Hope and firm Reliance, that the Wisdom of Parliament will be able to provide such Remedies as may be adequate to prevent these growing Evils: And therefore praying, That these Bills may pass into a Law, subject to such Regulations and Amendments as shall seem expedient to the Parliament of Great Britain.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Councilmen, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in special Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply affected with the glaring and wicked Outrage lately offered to our most gracious King, by misguided and deluded Persons, lament, with still increasing Concern, that there should appear such a regular and systematic Connection between the seditious Societies, now in Existence, and the Perpetrators of this horrid Crime, so as to leave very little Room for Doubt that the Blow, aimed at our beloved Sovereign, was, in His Person, intended as a virtual Attack upon our glorious Constitution: And, thoroughly persuaded of the superior Excellence of the British Constitution above that of any other Nation, the Petitioners fully approve, of the Principles of the Two Bills, now depending in Parliament, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government; and for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; as the best and most efficacious Means for checking the Progress of the nefarious Tenets and Doctrines now spread abroad amongst us, so totally subversive of good Order, and for putting a Stop to those atrocious Acts, so immediately calculated to sap the Foundation of our happy Constitution and Government, in Church and State: And therefore prayng. That those Bills may pass into

Laws,

i by

Petitions in favour of the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, Ace.

Petition against the Bilb for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition from Lymington, against D* Bilb.,

36 Geo. III. 30° Novembris.

143

Laws, subject to such Provisoes, Alterations, and Amendments, as shall be deemed most expedient.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Gentlemen, Merchants, Bankers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel themselves peculiarly called upon, at this important Crisis, humbly to express to the House their Anxiety respecting certain Bills now depending in Parliament; one of which is intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, and the other, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices: That, by the Purport of the first-mentioned Bill, it appears to the Petitioners that the Constitutional Right of the Subjects of this Realm to meet and consult together on their Common Grievances, and to petition the Legislature for Redress, is restrained and impeded by Difficulties, which are evidently inconsistent with its free and proper Exercise — That new and arbitrary Powers, affecting the Lives and Safety of the Subject, are proposed to be vested in Individuals, who are expressly discharged from all Responsibility — That an Englishmen is to be subjected to Capital Punishment without the Judgment of his Peers; and that the whole Bill bears rather the Character of Military Law than of a Civil Regulation: That, by the last mentioned Bill, new Treasons are created that subvert the established Law on that Subject, which has subsisted, the equal Bulwark of the Sovereign and of the People, for upwards of Four hundred Years — That, contrary to the Spirit of the Constitution, the Criminal Intention, which may be falsely imputed, is punishable instead of the Overt Act, which may be proved — That the Crime of Sedition, which, by the existing Laws, already subjects the Offender to Fine and Imprisonment, is converted into Treason; and those Popular Strictures on Public Men and Public Measures, which are the Criterion and Essence of a free Government, are liable to be misconstrued into Sedition, and are subjected, in the Second Instance, to a Species of Punishment at which Humanity recoils: That, under the Influence of those serious Impressions, occasioned by the sudden Adoption of Measures so dangerous in their Consequences, the Petitioners cannot conceal from the House the Apprehensions by which they are actuated; Apprehensions which are greatly increased by an avowed Intention, on the Part of His Majesty's Ministers, to support in the Country a Military Force, contrary to the Practice of our Ancestors and the Spirit of the Constitution, and still more by Insinuations, from Men high in Office, respecting the Destination of that Force, tending to create Dissensions amongst His Majesty's Subjects, and unnecessarily adverting to Circumstances which cannot be too much deprecated — Impelled by these serious Considerations, and conceiving that the existing Laws of the Country, if properly carried into Effect, are sufficient for the Purposes professed to be intended tty the said Bill, the Petitioners humbly entreat the House, That the said Bills, or such of them as may be yet depending in the House, may not pass into Laws.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of , in the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House,

and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel the deepest Concern and Indignation at the late daring Attempt on the Person of His Majesty, and are anxiously desirous to aid the Civil Power in bringing to Punishment the Perpetrators of such an atrocious Out-rage — In the Petitioners Investigation to discover the Cause of this, they have had no Proof that the Laws of this Country are not adequate to punish such an Outrage, and therefore they, pledging themselves as firmly attached to the Principles of the Constitution as esta-

Vol. 51.

venting Seditious Meetings.

Wished at the Resolution, do humbly implore the House not to pass the Bills now pending in Parliament, which the Petitioners think destructive of those Principles, and a direct Violation of the Bill of Rights, and which, subverting the Freedom of Public Discussion, they are greatly apprehensive will rather tend to alienate the Attachment of the People of this Country, and shake their heretofore acknowledged Loyalty to their Sovereign.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Petitions in the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the County fa. Hr of tL® of Stafford, in Common Council assembled, was also BlU - pre‘

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it is with the deepest Concern the Petitioners are persuaded, as well from Daily Observation as from the Reports of the Two Houses of Parliament, during the last Session, that there has been, and still exists, an internal and traitorous Conspiracy, threatening the vital Interests of these Realms: A Conspiracy the more formidable, as its Advances have been systematical and regular; branching out into various Classes and Societies, united by secret League and Correspondence, and acting in Concert for the more effectual Propagation of the same seditious Principles: By these Schools and Seminaries of Disloyalty, more dangerous from the Union than the Number of their Members, who exert, in the Prosecution of their Designs, a Zeal and Activity which might be creditable in a better Cause, those inflammatory Writings have been lately issued, and those intemperate Harangues at Public Meetings been encouraged, which, if not restrained by the Wisdom of Parliament, the Petitioners apprehend may go well nigh the Ruin of our Constitution, both in Church and State: That the Petitioners are the more convinced of the imminent Danger of such Societies, from attending to the intimate and visible Connection between the Tendency of their Principles and the late atrocious and desperate Attack upon the Person of their most gracious Sovereign: Feeling, moreover, that the Prevention of Crimes is much more to be wished for than the Punishment of Offenders, the Petitioners observe, with Satisfaction, that the Vigilance of Parliament is wisely occupied in providing against these extensive and complicated Dangers, by the salutary Precautions of the Bill now pending for preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: In the Adoption of such timely and wise Precautions, the Petitioners are convinced that there is no essential Departure from the Spirit of the Constitution, or the Usage of our Ancestors; they recognize in it that Saving Wisdom which, by an Alteration of Parts, maintains Consistency in the Whole, and deviates from Forms to preserve Essentials; they reject, with Indignation, that narrow-minded Policy, which, in Times pregnant with Alarm, would refuse to the Executive Power additional temporary Sanctions and Securities, proportionate to the Exigency of the Danger; they trust that the Bill, now proposed to the Consideration of the House, a Bill which secures to the good Citizen the Exercise of his legal Rights, whilst it is a Curb upon the disloyal and seditious Subject, will be found adequate, as they are persuaded it is necessary, for the Remedy of the Evil: They pray therefore, That it may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and other loyal Inhabitants, of the ancient City of Chester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That convinced of the inestimable Value of that Constitution under which we have so long enjoyed the greatest Blessings, the Petitioners approach the House, confident of its Wisdom, Justice, and Firmness, to protect their Rights and Liberties: The Petitioners lament, in common with all well-disposed Subjects, the Necessity of applying the most effectual Means to prevent the insidious Designs, and suppress the violent

Attempts,

144 SO Novembris. A. 1795.

Attempts, of wicked Men, who, under the pretended Name of Liberty, aim only at the Destruction of it: That, when the Petitioners take into due Consideration the late daring Outrage committed against His Majesty's Royal Person, they cannot but conclude, that k proceeded from the pernicious Doctrines promulgated at the seditious Meetings and Assemblies, at this Time so frequently held, and which tend eventually to the Dissolution of our glorious Constitution: The Petitioners, thoroughly impressed with a Belief of the absolute Necessity of the Bills now pending before Parliament (for the more effectual Prevention of treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts) do humbly pray, That they may pass into Laws, subject to such Amendments as the House shall, in its Wisdom, deem expedient for the Purposes intended: That the Petitioners are very happy to learn, by His Majesty's most gracious Speech to His Parliament, at the Opening of this Session, that His earnest Desires are to conclude a Peace, whenever such Terms are obtained as will be advantageous and honourable to the Country, and afford a reasonable Expectation of future Security and Permanence.

Petition A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of

Bills'for^re- Town and Neighbourhood of Barnard Castle, in ventingSedi- the County of Durham, was also presented to the tious Meet- House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners ings; and for see certain Bills pending at this Time in Parliament, the Safety of which, if passed into Laws, will prevent

His Majesty s r ' X&

Person, ftc. from meeting to discuss, m an adequate Manner, any

present or future Public Grievances, however great they may be, and will violate one of the dearest and most valuable Rights of Britons, the Right of Petition and Remonstrance, as the Petitioners humbly apprehend: The Petitioners observe no substantial Reasons for introducing such violent Measures at the present Period; they cannot ascribe the late Outrage offered to the sacred Person of His Majesty to the Infatuation or Disloyalty of any Society or Body of Men in particular, but refer the same to the present Distresses and Want of Provisions which pervade the Kingdom at large; and they presume that, on no Pretext whatever, the Right of free Public Deliberation and Discussion should be violated, or in any Respect infringed: The Legislature, the Petitioners apprehend, is not possessed of a predominant Authority over this precious Right, but, if the Legislature possesses such a Power, to delegate a Controul over it to the different Magistrates of the Kingdom is, the Petitioners fear, to render the Purposes of the same ineffectual: Therefore, fearful that the worst Consequences will ensue from passing the above Bills into Laws, they earnestly petition the House not to confirm the same. Further, the Petitioners are sensibly affected with the general Distress which arises from the Scarcity and high Price of Corn and other Provisions, whereby the Middle Ranks of Society are deprived of the rational Comforts of Life, and the Body of the People suffers the real Misery of actual Want: In the present unfortunate War alone can be found the Origin of such a dreadful Calamity, which the Continuance of the War must not only prolong, but aggravate in a Degree which, the Petitioners apprehend, cannot much longer be supported; they therefore further petition the House to put a Period to this Calamity, in bringing about a speedy Peace by those Means which the Constitution has lodged in its Hands, in order to be employed upon an Emergency like the present.

Petition from A Petition of the Dean of the Collegiate Church of the Dean,&c. Saint Peter's, Westminster, together with the Lord ster' reject- ^'8^ Steward, Deputy Steward, High Bailiff, Chief ing Seditious Burgesses, Burgesses, High Constable, and Burgesses Meetings. Assistants, of the ancient City and Liberty of Westminster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, with the greatest Concern and Alarm, the late seditious and tumultuous

Assemblies in this City and Liberty, and their Vicinity, accompanied with the open Avowal and industrious Dissemination of Principles peculiarly hostile to the British Constitution; and the Petitioners being duly impressed with a just Sense and Abhorrence of the late most daring Outrage offered to His Majesty's most sacred Person in His Way to, and Return from,

His Parliament — under the Apprehension that the existing Laws may be found inadequate to the Emergency of the present alarming Crisis, and to the Suppression of Evils so highly injurious to the general Interests of this Country, and affecting, in a more peculiar manner, the Security and Peace of this great City, by endangering the Lives and Properties of its loyal Inhabitants, and tending to such dreadful Consequences as not long since have been so generally experienced, humbly pray, That the House will devise such Means as its Wisdom shall judge most proper to check the Progress of this most alarming Evil, and to maintain the Subjects of this Realm in the secure and undisturbed Enjoyment of those Blessings which they derive from our excellent and happy Constitution as by Law established.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition the County of Hants, was also presented to the House, against the and read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought into the House, subversive of the Liberties which ^ltloU3 the People of this Kingdom, at the Period when ings; and for they transferred the Crown of England to the illustri- the Safety of ous family at present upon the Throne, did claim, pe^n^lT* demand, and insist upon, as their true, ancient, and indubitable Rights; and the said Bill is intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That the only Mode by which the Petitioners and the People of Great Britain can express their Sentiments, to make their Grievances known, is by meeting together either to instruct their Representatives, to petition Parliament, or to address the King; this is their Privilege, and subject to the existing Laws, which have already provided against the Abuse of it, the Petitioners do, in the Language of their Forefathers, claim, demand, and insist upon, the Exercise of it, as their true, ancient, and established Right: The Allowance and Encouragement of free, honest, and open Discussion of all Matters Political and Judicial, while it has afforded the surest Controul upon the Encroachments of the Executive Government, has tended most effectually to secure the upright Administration of Justice: The House is humbly reminded, that the Right of the People to such Meetings is the best Security they possess against the Abuse of Power: If they, who are delegated to defend their Liberties, basely or corruptly betray them; if they, who are sent to watch over Ministers, become their Accomplices, what may the People do, if they may not remonstrate? By the Bill now depending no Meeting can be called except with the Knowledge of a Magistrate, whose Presence is made necessary, not merely for the Preservation of the Peace, but for the Purpose of controuling the Sentiments to be uttered; he is constituted sole Judge of the Manner in which a Grievance may be stated, ora Right asserted; to differ with him in Political Opinion is made a Breach of the Peace; to maintain that Opinion is made a Riot, and to persist in it is to incur the Horrors of Military Execution: The Petitioners further beg Leave to call the Attention of the House to a Bill now depending, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; they humbly represent, that this Bill contains an arbitrary Accumulation of Treasons, calculated to harrass and oppress the Subject, without adding any Security to the Person of His Majesty; that it also describes the Misdemeanor, at which another of its Clauses is pointed, with such studied

Ambiguity,

Petitions in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition against D° Bills.

36 Geo. III. 30° Novembris. 145

Ambiguity, as to comprehend in its penal Operation every Exercise of the Right of examining Public Affairs, and that this Misdemeanor, so described, is subjected to a barbarous Punishment, which, as applied to such Offence, is utterly unknown to the mild and merciful Spirit of the Law of England: Under all these Circumstances, the Petitioners, deeply impressed with a Sense of the Dangers which impend over the Peace and Constitution of their Country, most earnestly implore the House to avert them, by the Rejection of Measures which, by depriving the People of their most ancient and indubitable Rights, have a Tendency to alienate their Affections from the Constitution, and to lessen their Respect for the Laws.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Common Council of the City of Glasgow, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for several Years past, the Petitioners have seen, with the deepest Concern, a certain Description of Men endeavouring to diffuse Opinions, and inculcate Doctrines, totally repugnant to the Principles of our happy Constitution; and it is to those Opinions and Doctrines that the Petitioners must ascribe that Spirit of Sedition and Tumult which has manifested itself upon many Occasions, and has recently proceeded to the extreme and unwarrantable Length of disturbing the Deliberations of Parliament, and endangering the Life of our most Gracious Sovereign: The Petitioners, therefore humbly request, That the House may be pleased speedily to adopt such Measures as they, in their Wisdom, shall think proper for the more effectual Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and for preventing in future all seditions Meetings and Assemblies, which, the Petitioners conceive, cannot be better accomplished than by passing into Laws the Two Bills lately brought into Parliament for these Purposes.

A Petition of the Dean of Guild, and the Merchants House of Glasgow, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, with the deepest Concern, the great Pains which have been taken to disseminate Doctrines through the Country, tending to infuse Discontent, and stir up Sedition in the Minds of the People, which have, at length, operated so strongly, as to have inflamed a lawless and unprincipled Mob to the Commission of the most daring Acts of Violence: The Petitioners are humbly of Opinion, that the Two Bills, now under the Consideration of Parliament, for the better securing His Majesty's Person and Government; and for more effectually preventing all seditious Meetings and Assemblies; are well calculated to answer the Ends proposed, and appear, under the present Circumstances, to be indispensably necessary for the Peace and Happiness of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying, That the House will steadily follow out such Measures as are not only calculated to secure the Life of our most gracious Sovereign from the Attacks of the wicked and misguided, but to protect the Constitution from the insidious Attacks of seditious and discontented Persons, and thereby enable us to transmit the invaluable Blessings, we at present enjoy, to our Posterity.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the superior Rank and Importance of Great Britain, in the Scale of the Nations of the World, have depended upon the superior Excellence of her Political Constitution, the Spirit of which recognizes a due and equable Balance between the legal Prerogatives of the King and the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, which Balance can only be maintained by the Continuance of free, open, frequent, and unrestrained Communications between the People and the Legislative Body; and such Communications were considered, at. the iEra of the glorious Resolution in 1(588, as a Part of that wise and happy System Vol. 51.

which placed the illustrious House of Bi'unswick upon the Throne of these Realms, as appears by a distinct Substantive Clause in the Bill of Rights: That Two Bills, now depending in Parliament, the one intituled,

An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, and the other,

An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, are, in their Spirit and Tendency, repugnant to that System, and subversive of the true Principles of that Resolution, by creating new and accumulated Treasons, and by subjecting free Deliberation upon Laws or Grievances to Checks and Control, as unprecedented as they are incompatible with fair Discussion and the Rights of private Judgment, and thereby alienating the Affection of the People from the Constitution, and lessening their Respect for the Laws: That the Laws now in Forpe are fully adequate to the Security of His Majesty's Person, and sufficient to restrain or punish the improper Use or licentious Abuse of the Constitutional Right of the People to prefer their Petitions, or present their Remonstrances, to all or any of the Branches of the Legislature: And therefore praying, That the said Bills may not pass into Laws.

A Petition of a numerous and respectable Meeting Petition of the Inhabitants of Plymouth, Plymouth Dock, and the

Stonehouse, was also presented to the House, and read; SafetvofVis Setting forth, That the Petitioners approach the Majesty's House as that Branch of the Legislature whose pecu- Person, &c.; liar Duty it is to watch over the Privileges of the 41111 for. People, to address the House on the Subject of Two ^ed'itmus8 alarming Bills, now pending in Parliament, the one Meetings, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, the other, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies — Because they conceive the said Bills to be hostile to, and destructive of, the sacred Liberties and unalienable Rights of the People — Because they conceive the present Laws to be fully adequate to the Punishment and Prevention of the Offences to which those Bills are intended to apply —

Because they conceive that these new and accumulated Treasons, and severe Penal Laws, are not calculated to attain the Ends proposed, but, on the contrary, have a direct Tendency to extinguish the Affections of the People towards the King and Government, and thus produce disastrous Consequences, which the Petitioners earnestly deprecate: Under these Circumstances, the Petitioners servently implore the House to avert those apprehended Evils, by rejecting the Bills before mentioned.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition the Town and Neighbourhood of Wrexham, in the against the County of Denbigh, was likewise presented to the Brll^"rt;n House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Seditious0 do utterly disapprove of the illegal and violent Pro- Meetings, ceedings of the Populace on the First Day of the present Session of Parliament, (and sincerely rejoice in the Escape of His Majesty from the Danger which threatened His Person: That, from the Information which they have been able to obtain respecting the illegal Occurrences of that Day, the Petitioners believe that they are totally unconnected with the Designs or Actions of any popular Society: That, wishing for His Majesty all the Security which good Laws can afford, the Petitioners trust that no Act of the Legislature will declare the Safety of the Sovereign to be incompatible with the Liberty of the People; such, it appears to the Petitioners, is the Import of a Bill, intituled, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, now under the / Consideration of the House; and the Petitioners do most earnestly deprecate the passing of an Act which, vesting in the Hands of the Magistrate an arbitrary unconstitutional Power, would deprive the People of

P p their

A. 1795.

Order for Attendance of a Member, discharged.

Committee appointed to inquire who was the Author of a certain Pamphlet, revived.

To report from Time to Time,

Motion for a Return of the Irish Brigade, withdrawn.

Poor Relief Bill, ordered.

Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, &c. committed.

Report

Supply,

deferred.

146

30° Novemhris.

their unquestioned Right to express their Sense of Measures, the Consequences and Expence of which must be borne by them: That, in the present distressed Slate of this Country, the Petitioners are convinced that the concluding of a speedy Peace would be the only Means of securing to His Majesty the best Guard of His Person, the Love of His People: The Petitioners therefore pray the House, That they will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken, that the Right honourable Henry Dundas was now present in his Place in the House;

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Member to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to inquire who was the Author of the Pamphlet intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government — " addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the People of " England; in a Series of Letters — Letter the First " on the National Character of Englishmen — The Nature of the English Government — The " caused in both by the Introduction of French " ciplcs — The Effects produced by the Reformation and " the Revolutioti upon Political Principles — The Conduct

" of the Whig Party — The Character of the " Democrats — London, Printed for J. Owen, N° 168, " Piccadilly — 1795," be revived.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Irish Brigade, enlisted to serve against up to the 1st of August 1795; with an Account of their Pay and Allowances.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to " the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases: And that Sir William Young and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for receiving, Tomorrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on for upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ety Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Majesty'* Person and Government against treasonable, ana sedi- Person, Ac. tious Practices and Attempts:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, <»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. a. 1. 2a. Leave out " or without" and insert " in order by Force or Constraint " to compel him or thetn to " change his or their Measures " or Councils, or in order to put " any Force or Constraint upon,

" or to intimidate or over-awe " both Houses or either House of " Parliament."

1. 30. After " by " insert " publishing," and after " printing " insert " or."

1. 31. Leave out " other" and insert " by " any."

Pr. 3. 1. 7. Leave out " His Majesty's Life," and insert " Three Years from " the Day of passing this Act."

1. 8. After " the " insert " then," and leave out from " Parliament " to " shall," in 1. 9.

1. 12. After " Words" insert " or."

I. 13. Leave out " or other Thing or " Things."

1. 30. After " either" insert " to suffer " such Punishment as may now " by Law be inflicted in Cases of " High Misdemeanors or."

1. 34. After " Offenders" insert " which " Banishment or Transportation " shall be."

1. 35. At the End of the Line insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). And be it further Enacted, That " if any Offender or Offenders,

" who shall be so ordered by any " such Court as aforesaid, to be " banished the Realm, or transported beyond the Seas in Manner " aforesaid, shall be afterwards

" at

/Mr.

/Mr.

John Sm,

Anstruther:

!03-

36 Geo. III. 30° Novembris.

147

at Large within any Part of " the Kingdom of Great Britain, " without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term " for which such Offender or " Offenders shall have been ordered to be banished or transported beyond the Seas as " aforesaid, every such Offender

" being so at Large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully " convicted, shall suffer Death '* as in Cases of Felony, without " Benefit of Clergy; and such " Offender or Offenders may be " tried either before Justices of " Assize, Oyer and Terminer, " Great Sessions, or Gaol Delivery " for the County, City, Liberty, " Borough, or Place where such " Offender or Offenders shall be " apprehended and taken, or from " whence he, she, or they was or " were ordered to be banished or " transported, and the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other " Clerk or Officer of the Court, " having the Custody of the Records where such Orders of " Banishment or Transportation " shall be made, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any " other Person on His Majesty's " Behalf, make out and give a " Certificate in Writing, signed " by him, containing the Effect " and Substance only (omitting u the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction of " such Offender or Offenders, and " of the Order for his, her, or " their Banishment or Transportation, to the Justices of Assize, " Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol Delivery where " such Offender or Offenders " shall be indicted (not taking for " the same more than Two Shillings and Six Pence); which " Certificate shall be sufficient " Proof of the Conviction and " Order for Banishment or Transportation of such Offender or Offenders."

1. 37. After " shall" insert " for any " Misdemeanor."

1. 39. After " he" insert " she."

1. 40. Leave out " Three" and insert " Six Calendar."

Pr. 4/1. 2. Leave out from "Trial" to "shall,"

in 1. 6, and insert " or Judg-" ment within the First Term, " Sittings, Assizes, or Sessions in " which, by the Course of the " Court wherein such Prosecution shall be depending, the " Prosecutor could bring on such " Trial, or cause such Judgment " to be entered, or in the Term, " Sittings, Assizes, or Sessions which shall next ensue, unless " the Court in which such Prosecution shall be depending, or " before which such Trial ought " to be had."

Vol. 51.

1. 10. After " to" insert " or towards," and after " Outlawry " insert " and " that no Person shall upon Trial " be convicted by virtue of this Act " for any Misdemeanor, but by the " Oaths of Two credible Witnesses," and leave out from thence to " Provided," in 1. 28.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Returns, &c. suant to their Orders, presented.

N° 1. Return of His Majesty's Land Forces, con- Land Forces, sisting of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, Fencible Cavalry and Infantry, Independent Corps, and Militia, as they were effective in November 1794: And also,

N° 2. Return of His Majesty's Land Forces, consisting of Regular Cavalry and Infantry, Fencible Cavalry and Infantry, Independent Corps, Militia,

Volunteer and Yeomanry Cavalry and Infantry, as they were effective the 1st of August 1795: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Pay, Clothing, and pay, &c. Allowances, received by the Volunteer local Corps, received by and Corps of Yeomanry, with the Conditions on which Volunteer they receive them: And also, orp*' c‘

N° 4. Return of the General and Staff Officers who staffOflicers have been employed and paid under the Earl of under the Earl Moira, divided into Three Periods; with an Account of Moira-of the Pay and Allowance of those Officers: And also,

N° 5. Return of the Emigrant Regiments raising Emigrant for His Majesty's Service on the ist November 1794, Regl, nent3-under an Act of Parliament passed on the 9th of May 1794: And also,

N° 6. Return of the Foreign Infantry raised or Foreign raising on the Continent, under Letters of Service infantry, from His Royal Highness the Duke of York, dated the 1 st of November 1794: And also,

N° 7. Return of the Foreign and Emigrant Cavalry Foreign end raised or raising for His Majesty's Service under the Emigrant Command of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, Cavalry‘ dated the 1st of November 1794: And also,

N° 8. Return of Emigrant and Foreign Cavalry on the 1st of August 1795: And also,

N° 9. Return of Emigrant and Foreign Infantry on d° infantry, the 1st of August 1795.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House,

N® 1 o. A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of Return rethe House of Commons, dated November 20th 1795, specting the " for a Return of all General and Staff Officers employed in the Service of His Majesty, and in His D'Artois,&c. " Pay, under the Count D*Artois, Prince of Conde, or " any other French General; with an Account of their " several Allowances."

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on high Price House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Bill for the better Relief of the Poor incorporated by Acts of Parliament, passed.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Bill to continue Act for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c. deferred.

Orders for Attendance of Members, discharged.

148 30° Novembris. — Y 1795.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds and Districts in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Tast Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, " or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, " Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made " Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on " Payment of Duty;" and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes;

And the House having continued to sit till after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Notice being taken, that Sir Michael le Fleming, Baronet, was now present in his Place in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said Sir Michael le Fleming to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

Notice being taken that the Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce was now present in his Place in the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

The Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the said

Major General Thomas Bruce to attend the Service of this House on that Day Sevennight, was, upon the Question put thereupon, discharged.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

T

Martis, 1* die Decembris; Anno 36* Georgii III'* Regis, 1795.

Praters.

SI R William Heathcote presented to the House, ac- Sheet Bridge cording to Order, a Bill to continue the Term Portsmouth, and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the BUI, pre^ Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, sented. the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersjicld to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to Kincardine whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Roads, and City Council, of Aberdeen, as having an extensive and Statute essential Interest in the Roads thereafter mentioned, j^our and of the other Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners and Proprietors of Land within the County of Kincardine, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from the Old Northwater Bridge to Stonehaven, and from thence to the Bridge of Dee, near Aberdeen, and the Road from the New Bridge over the River Northesh, by Inverbervie to Stonehaven, and also the other Roads lying within the County of Kincardine, are all in very bad Repair, too narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and in some Places dangerous for Carriages; and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Methods prescribed by the Laws now in Force for that Purpose: — That the Powers and Authorities granted by Law relative to Highways,

Bridges and Ferries, and the Services thereby allowed to be exacted in Scotland on that Account, have not be sufficient for altering, making, widening, improving, and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Bridges within the said County of Kincardine; and that it would be more equitable and convenient, and an Advantage to the County, if Powers were given to erect Gates or Turnpikes, and to levy certain reasonable Tolls and Duties upon the Two great Roads above specified, and also that a moderate Assessment or Conversion in Money were paid in lieu of the said Services and Statute Labour, and if further Powers were given to the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply of the said County for carrying the Intentions of the said Laws into full Effect and Execution: And the said Member further added. That it would also be a great Accommodation to all Persons residing near any of the Roads above mentioned, or having Occasion to travel along' the same,

36 Geo. III. 1° Decembris. ' 149

same, if they were properly and sufficiently amended, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence, by Invei'bervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine: And that Mr. Altardyce,

Mr. Ferguson, and Mr. Robert Barclay, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wakeman's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act \ Divorce Bill, to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Wakeman, Esquire,

« committed. Theodosia Freeman his now Wife, and to enable

J him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned, was read a Second Time,

i Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant December, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

I.

Stierington 1 A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and

Petition. Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, ana other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Praed, the Marquis of Titchfield, and Sir William Young, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

closure^and* A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Drainage] are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Ac. Petition. Messuages, having Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Lands, called The and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and also of the Commissioners acting in and by virtue, and in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands, and Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of " Ramsey, Bury, Wistmo, Warboys,

" ground, and Water Newton, in the County of Hun- tingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, and " County of Cambridge," was presented to the House, Vol.5 1.

and read; Setting forth, That the said Commons consist of a large and extensive Tract of Land, which, in its present State, is of little Value, but, if divided, allotted, inclosed, drained, and preserved, the same might be so cultivated and improved, that the several Persons interested therein might derive a very considerable Benefit and Advantage therefrom; and that. the Commissioners, acting in pursuance of the said recited Act, have proceeded in the Execution of the.

Powers given and granted by the said Act, to the great Benefit of the said Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, but the same are not sufficiently drained, nor can be sufficiently drained and preserved, or the Debts incur-. red by the said Commissioners be discharged, except the said recited Act were repealed, and certain additional Powers given and granted for the Purposes of draining and preserving the said Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, and for discharging the said Debts:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charles Yorke,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, accord- gju to vary ing to Order, a Bill to vary and alter the Line of the the Line of Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the the Newbury Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ^h^ca" intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable Canal presented.

" from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Nezvbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at " or near the City of Bath; and also certain Navigable " Cuts therein describedand to amend the said Act; and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- .

mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, castle upon of the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George Tyne Road the Second, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Petit‘on»

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from North reP°rted-Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Nathaniel Punshon, Esquire, being examined, said,

That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed,

Part of which is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road; that the said Money cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne:

Q q And

150

1° Decetnbris.

A. 1795.

Blunham and Northill Inclosure Petition.

St. Bride's Church and Workhouse Petition.

And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, and Mr. Burden, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers Uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Blunham, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and there is a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, now or heretofore called or known by the Name of Bees ton Leasow, otherwise Beeston Leys, lying and being in the Parish of Northill aforesaid, belonging to the Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Hamlet of -

hanger Chalton, and South Mills, in the said Parish of

Blunham; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, ana under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. Andrew St. John and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by the said Act, the Trustees were empowered to borrow, on Annuities to be charged on the Rates thereby granted, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of 6,oooo/. for defraying the Expences of the Execution of the Act; and that the Trustees have made a great Progress in the Execution of the Act, and in the several Works thereby directed to be done, and have borrowed and expended the said Sum of 6,oooo/. but will not be able to complete the said Works unless they are enabled to raise a further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the said Act is, in several Respects, defective, and requires Alterations and Amendment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, and for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying the same into Execution, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as k shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lewes, the Lord

Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber ;and Save Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Ward of Castle 5^1 Baynard, being offered to be presented to the House;

nard Ward, offered.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Auent Black Rod: to Bilk

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, I I is Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof:

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Caddies,

Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time.

Then the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Ward of Castle Baynard, was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, highly sensible of the Happiness they enjoy under the Government of our most Gracious Sovereign, and possessing the utmost Abhorrence of the late daring Outrage committed against His Majesty's sacred Person, and being of Opinion that such Outrages are countenanced and encouraged by sundry treasonable and seditious Methods now in Practice to entlame the Minds of the People, and particularly by seditious Meetings and Assemblies held for that Purpose, do think it their Duty to express their Confidence in the Wisdom of Parliament, That such Laws will be speedily enacted as will tend effectually to suppress such Meetings and Assemblies, and to preserve to the Nation a Continuance of the Blessings enjoyed under our present glorious Constitution.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners hold in the utmost Abhorrence the late atrocious Attempt on the Person of His Majesty: That, feeling an anxious Care for our Liberties, they are, notwithstanding, alarmed at seeing Two Bills, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and, An Act for preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, brought into the House, as they appear to the Petitioners inconsistent with the Principles of our Constitution, and, if passed into Laws, will destroy one of our best Rights, " A free Communication of Thoughts and Opinions:" That this Right has been always a Securky to us against the Encroachments of Power,

'* . and

Petition

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, 6cc.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

36 Geo. III. 1 ° Decemhris. 151

and has been one of the best Means of preserving a due Balance in our Government: That the said Bills have also a Tendency to become, in other Respects, oppressive to the People, and are by no Means calculated to lessen the Discontents of our Countrymen: That the Petitipners believe, that the only Way to dispel those Discontents is to redress the Public Grievances complained of, and to restore Peace to this Country, now wearied out by a disastrous and ruinous War: The Petitioners therefore humbly implore of the House, That the said Bills may not be passed into !]Laws; and that such Measures may be taken, as in their Wisdom may seem best, for procuring a speedy Peace to this Country,

Petitions A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of

against the the City and Neighbourhood of , was also

Safety°ofHU presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Majesty's while the Petitioners regret and abhor the late daring Person, &c. and treasonable Attack made on His Majesty's Person, *ndfor in His Passage to and from Parliament, by a few Seditious9 misguided and wicked Men, they are deeply alarmed Meetings. that this disgraceful Circumstance should be employed as a Pretext for invadbg and abridging the true, ancient, and indubitable Rights of the whole People of Great Britain: That the Petitioners, firmly attached to the Principles of the Constitution, as asserted at the Resolution in 1688, and equally adverse to Anarchy and Despotism, are impressed with the most painful Apprehensions, by the Perusal of Two Bills, now pending in Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings, &c.; and the other, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; Bills which appear to the Petitioners not only unnecessarily to create new Treasons, and to multiply Capital Punishments, but also to subvert the Liberty of the Press, to restrain the Freedom of Public Discussion, and eventually to destroy the sacred Rights of the People peaceably to assemble for the Purpose of petitioning the different Branches of the Legislature for Redress of Grievances, and thus directly tend to render the Constitution less valuable in their Estimation, and to weaken their heretofore acknowledged Loyalty to their Sovereign, while, in Reality, they are ineffectual as to the Objects they profess to obtain, neither affording additional Security to the Person of the King, nor better Means of maintaining the Public Tranquillity, than are provided by the Laws now existing: The Petitioners therefore humbly remonstrate against Measures which appear to them at once useless and dangerous, and most earnestly pray the House, That the said Bills may not pass.

A Petition of the Weavers and other Inhabitants of Spitalfields, Bethnal Green, and its Environs, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the melancholy Effects of a most unfortunate and deplorable War, and from the fearful Apprehensions operating in every serious Mind for the Consequences of still greater Distresses likely to ensue if the present Bills, intituled, A Bill for foe Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, should pass into Laws; which Bills, being fabricated to constitute new Offences, and to award the Punishments of Death and Transportation on Conviction of such newly-created Offences, the Petitioners are filled with foe deepest Concern and Anxiety, and can only look up for Consolation and Relief to the Public Spirit and Philanthropy of foe House: The Petitioners beg Leave to declare that, though their Station in Life is confined to the Sphere of Manual Labour, and their Means of Daily Support depend entire^ upon foe Sweat of foeir Brow, yet they feel an

equal Degree of Sympathy for the afflicted, and equal Zeal for the Honour ana Felicity of their Superiors, and as sincerely and ardently long for the Prosperity and Peace of Great Britain as the richest of her Peers: The Appellation of Englishmen surely warrants their Supplication to the House, where every Man's Right should have a steady Watchman and Protector in every Member of it — In this earnest Manner, under the present Circumstances, while they experience every Inconvenience arising from an unexampled high Price of every Necessary of Life, and under as unparalleled a Scarcity of Employ, neither of which Calamities they are sensible of being accessary in occasioning, and both which Evils, as well as the Execrations of Millions against the new Operations which lurk in the Bills above-mentioned, they firmly believe will cease, if foe House will condescend to the Prayer of their !

united Petition, which is, That the said Bills be not,

passed into Laws, and that Peace be restored on fair and honourable Terms. !

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to 1

lie upon the Table.

Sir William Young presented to the House, accord- Poor Relief ing to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, Pre~ made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George ented* foe First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws " relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in foeir own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That foe said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of foe Day, for the House Order for goto resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, ing into Com-to consider further of foe Bill to continue, for a further j

Time to be limited, an Act, made in foe last Session ing the mak-of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a ing of Spirits ' " limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits £om Wheat, j " from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of *c rea

Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for " permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the " Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for " Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty;" and to prohibit foe Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be now read.

And foe said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of Messrs. Blair and Martin, of Greenock, Petition from and George Pinkerton and Company, of Glasgow, the Messrs. Blair only Distillers from Melasses in Scotland, was presented "*d Martln> to foe House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- D»'g^UI8t turners, under the Faith of an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, &c. have been at a very heavy Expence in purchasing Ground, erecting Works and Machinery, and purchasing Utensils, for distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses, and they have been also at great Expence in hiring Servants, and providing a Stock of the necessary Materials, such as Melasses, Yeast, &c. all of a perishable Nature, to enable them to carry on their Trade, on which foe Subsistence of their Families depends; and further, under that Statute, they are bound to pay to Government Annually 5,430/. of Licence Duty, i. e. Messrs.

Blair and Martin are liable in 2,910/. and Mr.

Pinkerton in 2,520/. of which the former have already paid 485/. for the Two Months commencing the 10th of October last, and foe latter has paid 420/. for the Two Months beginning the 10th of October last: That, in Scotland, Melasses are employed almost to no other Purpose than that of being distilled into

Low

Committee on Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c.

Returns of Land Forces, Volunteer Corps, &c. to

152 1° DecembriA. 1795

Low Wines or Spirits; accordingly, the Petitioners began Business, and entered into Contracts for the Delivery of large Quantities of Spirits at specified Periods, which, as the Law presently stands, they reckoned themselves well warranted to do; nor had they any Reason to suspect, that an Act, which was productive to the Revenue, and, in the distilling of Spirits from Melasses, attended with no Injury to any Description of People, would soon be repealed; and that the Petitioner, Mr. , only began to

distil about a Week ago, nevertheless he was under the Necessity of paying the Duties since the 10th of October last, in Terms of the Statute: That no Part of the said Act, in as far as it relates to the distilling of Spirits from Melasses, has been repealed hitherto, but the Petitioners understand, that there is a Bill now depending before the House, which, if passed into a Law, will not only put an End to their Trade, but must have the Effect of involving them and their Families in Poverty and Ruin, unless Provision is made in it for fair Indemnification, similar to that introduced in the Distillery Prohibition Bill passed in June last; that, if the Object of the Bill is to preserve Melasses for Food, the Petitioners arc ready to prove, that the People of Scotland do not use Melasses in that Way; the Bill therefore, while it will certainly be very prejudicial to the Revenue, is not likely to be productive of any real Advantage to the Country: If, however, the Petitioners are prohibited from carrying on their Business, they surely have a Claim to Reimbursement of the Duties they have paid, and an adequate Compensation for the Expence they have been led into under the existing Laws of the Land; besides, as their Stock will become an Article of no general Use in Scotland, they will be under the Necessity of exporting it, at a very great Loss, to the only Market for its Consumption — Under these Circumstances, and as the Petitioners are the only People in Scotland who distil Spirits from Melasses, and that only to the Extent of about Eleven Puncheons of Melasses in a Week, they trust, that, before the proposed Bill is allowed to take Eft'ect, reasonable Time will be given to enable them to work oft' their Stock on Hand, and that ample Provision will be made for their Indemnification in other Respects: And therefore praying, That, in Case it shall appear a proper Measure to the House, to prohibit Distillation from Melasses, a reasonable Time may be allowed them, not less than Three Months, to work off their present Stock, or, at any Rate, that Provision may be made, in the Bill, for allowing the Petitioners a fair Indemnification for the Loss to which they must be exposed, as Individuals, from a Measure of general Benefit to the Country, or that the House will grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers, which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Secretary at War, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day, for the Attendance of the several Members who were ordered to attend the Service of the House this Day, and the Orders for whose Attendance have not been discharged, being read, the Names of the said several Members were called over, and several of them appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, One of them appeared; and the rest were excused (as being Abroad on the Public Service, or on Account of Illness, or as being absent on the Public Service) except the Honourable William Stervart.

Ordered, That the Honourable William Stervart do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Seven-night.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow, and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and react; Setting forth. That the Petitioners esteem it a Duty which they owe to themselves, and to the Public, to petition the House, that the Bill, now depending in Parliament, intituled, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, may not pass into a Law: The Petitioners beg Leave humbly to represent, that the Right of petitioning the King, or Parliament, for the Redress of Grievances, is a fundamental Principle in the British Constitution, and particularly secured by an express Article in the Bill of Rights, that Charter of our Liberties established at the Resolution: It is, therefore, with the utmost Concern and Astonishment, that the Petitioners see an Attempt made to overturn and destroy this Privilege, by subjecting all Meetings of the People, for the Purpose of deliberating on Public Affairs, to the discretionary and uncontrouled Power of Magistrates, appointed by the Executive Government. In a mixed Form of Government, like that of Great Britain, any Innovation, subversive of the popular Part of our Constitution, ought to be regarded as equally destructive of our Liberties and Rights with a direct Invasion of the Prerogatives of the Crown: Sensible of the Necessity of repressing Sedition and Disorder, the Petitioners are, at the same Time, convinced that the Laws already existing, and by which Peace and good Order have been so long maintained, are fully sufficient for that Purpose; and they fear that additional Restrictions, accompanied by unusual and rigorous Penalties, might excite such Discontents as would endanger the Peace of the Country: It must impress every good Subject with Sorrow and Regret, to observe that the late atrocious Attempt against the Person of His Majesty, which could only proceed from the most abandoned and worthless Part of the Community, has been made the Pretence for attempting Innovations destructive of our Rights and Liberties.

A Petition of the Merchants, Bankers, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, in the City of Glasgow, and Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, desirous to live quietly in the lawful Prosecution of their own immediate Concerns, and to be free from the Agitation which Political Dissensions create, with much Reluctance obtrude their Opinions upon either Branch of the Legislature; but observing, with Regret, that Two Bills, now depending in the House, the one, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; are laid hold of by restless and discontented Men, as Pretences for keeping the Public Mind in a State of Alarm, they feel it their Duty, in the present Situation

of

Severn) Defaulters at Call appear; and are excused.

Member ordered to attend.

Petition against the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings*

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition against the Kill for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

36 Geo. III.

1° Decembr

153

of the Country, to express their Approbation of those Bills, and to pray. That, for a limited Time, they may be passed into Laws: That the Petitioners lament the Necessity (entirely occasioned by the Conduct of the Seditious) which has rendered this vigorous Interference of the Legislature indispensably requisite; but trust that those Measures will not only prevent a Repetition of the late daring Attack upon His Majesty's sacred Person, but also secure Manufactures, Agriculture, and Commerce, from being disturbed, and preserve, to latest Posterity, the happy Constitution of these Kingdoms.

A Petition of the Booksellers, Stationers, Printers, Paper-Makers, and others immediately connected with the Liberty of the Press, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Liberty of the Press has materially contributed to the flourishing Condition which this Country, previous to the Commencement of the present War, had happily attained: That the Petitioners are enabled to state to the House, that the happy Privilege of the Freedom of the Press, hitherto so beneficially enjoyed in this Country, has afforded, and does at this Time afford, a comfortable Subsistence to many Thousands industrious and reputable Families, the greater Part of whom, by the Invasion of this Privilege, must inevitably be reduced to Misery and Ruin: That the Petitioners, speaking professionally, to which, on this Occasion, they wish to confine themselves, beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Bill lately introduced into the House of Lords, and now lying under the Consideration of this House, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; will operate, if passed into a Law, to the Annihilation of the Liberty of the Press hitherto enjoyed, will thereby inevitably cause the Bankruptcy and Ruin of many hitherto flourishing and respectable Traders, while, at the same Time, it will, deprive of all Means of honest Livelihood an alarming Number of Persons in the lower Orders of Society connected with the various Branches of Trade and Manufacture dependant upon the free Exercise of the inestimable Art of Printing: The Petitioners therefore pray the House to take these Matters into their most serious Consideration, and to relieve them from the Anxiety, Apprehensions, and Ruin, with which they are threatened by the vague and indefinite, and therefore vexatious and oppressive, Clauses of the said Bill, and to guard, with jealous Intrepidity, that great Palladium at once of the Liberties and Prosperity of Britain — the Freedom of the Press.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Freemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having heard that a Petition to the House has been drawn up and hastily signed by several Inhabitants of the said Borough, conveying Sentiments on certain Bills, now pending in Parliament, diametrically adverse from their Opinion of such Bills, conceive it highly expedient that the House should be informed of their Thoughts on this Subject, that they may not be implicated in the same Opposition: They beg Leave, therefore, humbly to address the House, and to represent that in the present Temper of the Times, they have Reason to think some Measure is absolutely necessary to be adopted to restrain, within due Bounds, such Meetings as have lately been the Means of propagating Principles of Sedition, totally subversive of our present happy Constitution, and the Domestic Peace of these Kingdoms, and which, if permitted to continue, must, by seducing the Minds of the People from their Duty and Allegiance, ultimately produce Anarchy and Confusion in Vol. $1.

Petition from

Southwark,

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

this Country: Trusting to the Judgment and Discretion of the Legislature, the Petitioners do anxiously hope, and humbly pray, That the House will not suffer their Wisdom to be diverted by Misrepresentation from passing such temporary Bill or Bills, as, without entrenching on the true Rights and Liberties of the Subject, may prevent the Evils the Petitioners dread, and put some Stop to these modem Plans of disseminating Doctrines inimical to our Religion, our Laws, and the established Constitution of these Realms.

A Petition of certain Electors of the ancient Town and Borough of Southwark, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, with deep Concern, the various Efforts of wicked and designing Persons to mislead the Understandings of some of the People, to seduce them from their Allegiance to our lawful Sovereign, and to fill their Minds with Disaffection to our excellent Constitution — the glory of every honest , and the Envy of all Foreign Nations: That the Petitioners have strong Reasons to suspect that the Contrivers of the late seditious Meetings, and of their consequent Outrages, are leagued with the natural Enemies of these Kingdoms, and would betray the People into their Hands; the Petitioners therefore rely on the Wisdom of the House to avert such Evils from this Land, that such Laws may be enacted as may effectually secure the Life of our beloved Sovereign, His Crown and Dignity, and as may be adequate to the Preservation of the future Peace and Safety of the Subjects of these Realms, and the Permanence of our happy Constitution, without infringing the sacred Rights of the People, to deliberate, with due Decorum, on any Public Grievance, or to petition or remonstrate, as often as they may think necessary, to the King's Executive Government, or to any of the Branches of the Legislature.

A Petition of the Friendly Association of Merchant

Shipwrights of the River Thames, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners view, with extreme Surprize and Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other, An Act to prevent seditious Assemblies; which they conceive to be Infringements upon the Constitution, and Violation of their best Rights and Liberties, have met to beg of the House, that they will, at this awful Crisis, act as behoves the Representatives of a Free People jealous of their Liberties, and oppose, with all their Authority, this Innovation, unprecedented since the glorious Resolution: The Petitioners therefore earnestly pray, That the House will put their decisive Negative upon those Two Bills, which lay the Axe to the Root of British Liberty, and, if passed into Laws, will render nugatory the Filth Clause of the Bill of Rights, and overthrow the most valuable Privileges of Englishmen.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Return of the Royal Regiment of Artillery Effective and in Pay the ist of November 1794: And also, presented.

Return of the Royal Regiment of Artillery Effective and in Pay the 1st of August 179.5: And also,

Return of the Royal Irish Artillery on the Continent' the 1st of November 1794: And also,

Return of Lieutenant Colonel Rotalier's Corps of French Emigrant Artillery, November 1794: And also,

Return of Lieutenant Colonel Rotalier's Corps of French Emigrant Artillery, the 1st of August 1795:

And also,

R r Return

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Returns of the Royal and

Report from Committee appointed to inquire who waa the Author of a certain Pamphlet.

i54 1° Decembris. 1795.

Return of the Corps of French Emigrant Engineers, agreeable to the Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of the 1st of April and 1st of August 1795.

Together with a Schedule of the said Returns.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Returns be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sheridan reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire who was the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government — " addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the People " of England; in a Series of Letters — Letter the First, " on the National Character of Englishmen — The Nature of the English Government — The Corruptions u caused in both by the Introduction of French

"ciples — The Effects produced by the Reformation " and the Resolution upon Political Principles — The Conduct of the Whig Party — The Character of the " modem Democrats — London, Printed for J.

" N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795. — " and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had enquired into the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Owen being examined, said, That he is a Bookseller, and lives in Piccadilly.

And being asked, If he knew a Publication, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government?" he replied, Yes; his Name was signed to it

After this Declaration, Mr. Owen declined giving any further Information to your Committee, on the Plea that it might tend to criminate himself.

And being finally asked, Whether he persisted in refusing to answer any Questions the Committee might put to nim? he replied, Yes.

Mr. John Lake being examined, said, That he knows Mr. Wright, the Printer, in Peterborough Court, as also Mr. Street and Mr. Stump.

And being asked, Whether be ever heard these Persons speak of a Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the " English Government ?" he said. He had.

And being asked, Whether he ever heard them speak of the Author of the Pamphlet? be said, Yes; and that he heard Mr. Me Dowall*s Brother acknowledge that he composed the Press for the Pamphlet, particularly those Parts which have been deemed libellous by the House of Commons; and also that Mr. Reeves had been backwards and forwards at the Office, and the Pamphlet was commonly known throughout the Office by the Name of Mr. Reeves's Pamphlet. — That Mr. Wright, the Printer, was commissioned by Mr. Reeves to get a Person to publish the said Pamphlet; and in consequence Mr. Wright applied to several Booksellers, who refused to publish it, Mr. Wright refusing to give up the Author; and Mr. Owen, in Piccadilly, undertook to publish it, and Mr. Wright's Porter delivered it, by the Name of Mr. Reeves's Pamphlet, to Mr. Owen; and the Witness thinks Mr. M'Dowalts Brother said, that Mr. Reeves made some Interlineations at his Frame while composing, and that Mr. Reeves generally corrected the Press.

Mr. Charles MeDowall being examined, said, That he is Compositor to Mr. Wright. That he recollects the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English " Government," being printed at his Office.

And being asked, Whether the Press was corrected

during the printing of the Pamphlet from the Manuscript Sheets ? he said, It was.

And being asked, What Persons he saw superintending the Press, and correcting the Proofs ? he replied, No one, but Mr. Reeves.

And being asked. If he knew Mr. Reeves by Sight ? he said, Yes; he lives in Cecil Street.

And being asked, Whether he saw Mr. Reeves frequently during the printing of the Pamphlet, superintending the Work ? he said, Yes.

And being asked, If he ever saw Mr. Reeves write on or correct any of the Proofs ? he said, He was not certain.

And being asked, Whether he ever spoke to Mr. Reeves at Mr. Wright's ? he said. Yes; frequently.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Reeves's Conduct at Mr. Wright's was such as to lead the Witness to believe him to be the Author of the Pamphlet? he replied. Yes.

And being asked, Whether he knew the Hand-writing of Mr. Reevesfhe said, Yes; the Hand-writing that

goes for his.

And being asked, Was the Hand-writing of this Pamphlet, in his Opinion, the same as the Hand-writing that goes for Mr. Reeves's ? he said, Yes.

William Augustus Miles, Esquire, being examined, was asked, Whether he has any, and what Reason, to know who is the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government?" he said. Yes. In the first Instance, from Mr. Owen's having presented it to him as Mr. Reeves's Pamphlet; and in the Course of a few Hours afterwards, meeting Mr. Reeves turning out of the Treasury, he (the Witness) informed him, that he had received a Pamphlet written by him. — Mr. Reeves asked him the Title. He told him. — Mr. Reeves then enquired, if John Owen had informed him, that he (Mr. Reeves) was the Author. From Delicacy to the Bookseller, he said, No; but the Secret was revealed by a Printer's Man, who, by Mr. Owen's Declaration, he understood to be Mr. Wright's Man. — Mr. Reeves then earnestly recommended him to read the Pamphlet; and to the best of his Recollection, Mr. Reeves desired him to let him know what he thought of it. — That the Witness, on his Return, read it, and found the following Passage:

" In fine, the Government of England is a Monarchy; the Monarchy is the ancient Stock from " which have sprung those goodly Branches of the " Legislature, the Lords and Commons, that at the " same Time give Ornament to the Tree, and afford " Shelter to those who seek Protection under it But " these are still only Branches, and derive their Origin " and their Nutriment from their common Parent; " they may be lopped off, and the Tree is a Tree " still; shorn indeed of its Honours, but not like " them cast into the Fire. The Kingly Government " may go on, in all its Functions, without Lords or " Commons," so repugnant to the Principles of the Resolution of 1688, that the Witness immediately sent a Transcript of it to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, accompanied by a Letter; and on the Morning following the Witness wrote a Letter to Mr. Reeves; a Copy of which Letter was delivered in to the Committee, and read, the Witness requesting it might stand a Part of his Examination; and is as follows:

" Pall Mall, 1795.

" I have read your Pamphlet, Sir, with equal Attention and Concern; with Attention, because you recommended it strongly to my Perusal, and with Concem, because I was hurt that any Man, acquainted " with the Principles of the English Constitution, should " have the Indiscretion or Effrontery to misrepresent " them in a manner so very gross and unpardonable. —

" Such Writings tend to bring Monarchy much more

" into

36 Geo. III. 1° Decembris. 155

" into Disrepute than the Harangues of Mr. Thelwall " and Go.; and Monarchy in this Country does not require to be sustained by Trick and Contrivance; it " has the Support of Reason, Policy, and Experience. " The Nonsense and Falshoods of Writers, who only " prove their Ignorance or Servility, will endanger it; " and if my Advice should be asked, 1 would seriously " recommend you to defend the Excellencies of our " Constitution by its Excellencies — for they plead far " more eloquently in its Favour, than either your " Writings, or those of Mr. Burke. The Misfortune " is, that you confound the Abuses of Government " with the Government itself; and having by far a " much greater and more decided Interest in the Preservation of the one than of the other, your Anxiety " for the latter is merely a Contingency on the former, " and becomes a mere secondary Consideration. I will " tell you very candidly, that I thought you were " going greater Lengths than either Facts or Policy " warranted, in November 1792; and I am inclined to " believe, that your present Labours are more likely " to do Mischief than Good. What you have said in " Pages 12 and 13, would, in the Reign of George " the First, have sent you to the Pillory; and if Ministers discharge their Duty, they must discourage " the Publication in Question — for it is no less incumbent on them to discountenance Attacks on the " Constitution from one Description of Men than " from another. Whether it is assailed by the intemperate Zeal of Royalists or Republicans, it ought " to be defended; for it has equal Danger to apprehend from the extravagant Pretensions of the one, " and the rancorous Animosity of the other, and as an " Individual interested in its Preservation, I will ofpose, coute quit coute, any Innovation on the Part " of the Crown, as vehemently as I would on the Part " of Democracy; and if you held the Blessings of a " free Constitution in as much Reverence, and the " Smiles of Lord Hawkesbury as cheap as I do, your

*l Name would not be so generally detested, and the " Part that you would have taken in those Political " Questions which unhappily divide us, would have " been much more to your Credit, though not so lucrative. — I should not have said thus much, if you " had not pressed me to read a Pamphlet that is very ill calculated to allay the Ferment in Men's Minds, " and which I consider as a Libel on the Constitution " — injurious to the Interests and to the Dignity of the " Crown, and an Insult to that Good Sense to which " you have appealed — I have only to add, that I " shall most cordially rejoice when these Disputes " are at an End, and when Questions of this Nature " cease to animate our Conversations, and to sour " Men's Dispositions towards each other — such Questurns cannot benefit the Cause you wish to serve, " but they may ruin it; and it well behoves you, Sir, " to pause and think!

" I am, &c."

" To John Reeces, Esquire,

" Cecil Street, Strand."

And the Witness being asked, Whether he received any Answer from Mr. Reevesdisavowing his being the Author of the Pamphlet ? he said, He did not.

And being asked, If he has any Reason to know that Mr. Reeves received the Letter? he replied. Yes; from Mr. Reeves having exposed it to Mr. in Consequence of a Paragraph in the Morning tuck of the 9th Instant, in which the offensive Extract was included; in consequence of which Mr. Wright came to Mr. Owen, and found Fault with him for having accused Mr. Reeves of being the Author, informing Owen that he (the Witness) must have sent that Extract to the Morning Chronicle; in consequence of which the Witness wrote to Mr. , a Letter, of

which the following is a Copy; which was read; viz. Yot. 51.

" Sir, " Pall Mall, Nov. 11, 1795.

" Your Printer has insinuated, that the libellous " Extract from your Pamphlet, which appeared in the " Morning Chronicle on the 9th Instant, was sent by " me, and he draws that Conclusion from having seen the private Letter that I addressed to you on that " Subject, the 6th Instant. It is merely to refute a " Falshood, which may be the Foundation of much " Calumny and Misrepresentation, that I assure you I " was perfectly ignorant of the Extract, or any Comment on it, having been sent to any of the Public " Prints. — It is however incumbent on me to add, " that I perfectly approve of the Exposure, from the " full Conviction I have, that such Doctrines have a " direct Tendency to Mischief, and to alienate the

Affections of the People from His Majesty and His " Government. As you have judged it expedient to " expose my Correspondence in Part, I call on your " Candour to produce the Whole of it, or I shall be under the Necessity of sending Copies of my Letter " to the different Papers in Defence of myself.

" I am, Sir,

" Your humble Servant,

" Miles."

" To John Reeces, Esquire,

Cecil Street."

And being asked, Whether he ever heard Mr. Reeves give any Directions respecting the Circulation of this Pamphlet? be replied. On Saturday the 21st Instant, Mr. Reeces came into Mr. Owen's Shop, and enquired how the Pamphlet attributed to him went off, pr Words to that Effect. Mr. Reeves then put One or more Pamphlets in his Pocket, and, in the Witness's Hearing, desired Six Copies of the Pamphlet in Question to be sent to Lord Hawkesbury1s Office.

Mr. Benjamin Hinton being examined, said, That he is Porter to Mr. Wright the Printer, and delivers out the Publications. — That he remembers delivering out a Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government." — That he delivered it to Mr. Owen the Bookseller in Piccadilly — That he had been printing an Address from Mr. Reeves to the King — That when he delivered the Pamphlet to Mr. Owen, he (the Witness) said it was Mr. Reeves's Pamphlet — That he has seen Mr. Reeves come into Mr. Wright's Printing Office — That he knows Mr. Reeves's Person — As near as the Witness can guess, the Pamphlet came into his Hands about a Fortnight ago; and before that he has seen Mr. Reeves at the Office several Times.

Mr. Thomas Wright, a Printer, being examined, was asked, Whether he knew the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government?" he replied, He declined giving up the Name of the Author.

And being asked, Upon what Principle he refused to answer the Question ? he said, One of the First Lessons inculcated on a Printer upon his Initiation into his Profession is, that the Name of the Author of a Manuscript committed to his Care or Keeping is a most sacred Deposit, from which he is never to part without the Assent or Permission of the Author, unless compelled by Public Justice.

And being asked, Whether he should think himself justified in printing any Manuscript on any Political Subject brought to his Office? he said, No, by no Means; he would exercise that Judgment and Discretion which he possesses, in determining whether it contained Matter of a libellous Nature, whether pub? lie or private, or any Thing that was against what is called contra bonos Mores — That he has endeavoured to exercise that Judgment in all the Publications which he has been concerned in.

And being asked, Whether he bad read the Pamphlet in Question ? he replied, Yes; and if he bad seen

any

156

1° Deeembris, A. 1795.

any Tiling he thought objectionable he would not have printed it.

And the Witness being asked, Would not the Authority of the Person bringing him a Work weigh with him as well as his private Judgment? he replied. The Authority of the Person bringing him a Work to print would weigh with him (as he believes it would with every other Printer) as well as his private Judgment.

And being asked. Whether he had ever conversed with Mr. Reeves on the Subject of the Pamphlet in Question? he said, Yes.

And being asked, Whether he meant to say, that he had not conversed with Mr. Reeves for this Month past, on the Subject of the Pamphlet ? he said, Not as the Author of it, to his Knowledge, but as the Person who superintended the Correction of the Press.

And being asked, In what respect did Mr. Reeves superintend the Correction of the Press? he said, In correcting the Proofs, which he might do for a Friend.

And being asked. When the Publication was printed, to what Publisher did he send it? he replied, To the Person whose Name is at the Bottom of the Pamphlet.

And being asked, Whether he did not know that Person was Mr. Owen ? he said, Certainly.

And being asked, By whose Advice or Direction did he send the Pamphlet to Mr. Owen ? he said, By the Advice and Direction of no Person — it was his own doing entirely — he employed Mr.

And being asked, Whether he had ever any Conversation with Mr. Reeves respecting Mr. Owen being the Publisher? he said, Not previous to it; but as Mr. Reeves had corrected the Pamphlet, lie mentioned it to him as the Gentleman who had corrected the Pamphlet.

And being asked, Had this Pamphlet not answered in Point of Sale, from whom should he expect to be paid ? he said, From no one; the Loss would have been his own, and he understands the Profit would also be his.

And being asked, From what Authority he understood the Profit of this Pamphlet would have been his, if it sold well ? he replied, From the Gentleman from whom he received the Manuscript.

And being asked, Who was that Gentleman ? he replied, The Gentleman who corrected the Pamphlet.

And being asked, Was not that Gentleman Mr. Reeces ? he answered, He had said that above.

And the Evidence being read to the Witness, he was asked, Whether he had any Explanation to add to the Answers he had already given ? he said, He had not.

Mr. John Gillet being examined, and shewn the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government," he was asked, Whether he had not heard Mr. Owen declare that Mr. Reeves was the Author of that Pamphlet? he replied, Yes, in his own Shop frequently.

Mr. Thomas Gillet being examined, was asked, Whether he was not in Mr. Owens, Shop on or about Saturday, the 21 st November he said, Yes.

And being asked to relate any Conversation he heard respecting the Circulation of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Governmenthe informed your Committee, That Mr. Reeves came into the Shop, and he said to Mr. Ozven, " Where is " this Pamphlet, that is ascribed to me?" — Mr. Owen pointed to the Pamphlet. — Mr. Reeves took One up and doubled it, and put it in his Pocket, and asked whether it had sold well — he then desired him to send Half a Dozen to some Person's Office in Westminster, but he (the Witness) did not distinctly hear to whose Office.

Mr. Stephen Jones being examined, said, He is employed in Mr. Wright's Office as Overseer in his Business, and is Superintender of all the Publications in his Office.

Being shewn the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts " on the English Government," he was asked, Whether he superintended the Progress, through the Press, of that Pamphlet? he said, He did.

And being asked, Whether he corrected the Proofs ? he said, He did.

And being asked, Whether he and he alone corrected the Proofs? he said, No — he corrected them in Conjunction with Mr. Wright. — Mr. Wright invariably corrected them the First or the Second Time — No Sheet went to the Press without his reading it.

And being asked, Did no other Person superintend the correcting the Press besides himself and Mr. Wright? he said, Yes, there did.

And being asked, Who was that Person ? he said, Mr. Reeves.

And being asked, If he received Directions from any Person superintending or correcting the Press of a Manuscript printed at his House, should he think himself bound to attend to those Directions, unless he considered the Person giving them either as the Author, or acting for the Author ? he said, He should certainly not; he should not suffer any One Correction to be made under such Circumstances.

And being asked, Whether he attended to any Direction or Correction given to him in the Case of printing the Pamphlet in Question, from Mr. Reeves ? he replied, Yes.

Then, in Point of Fact, he was asked, Did he consider Mr. Reeves as the Author, or acting for the Author ? he replied, Most certainly.

And being asked, Whether he has any Part of the original Copy ? he said, He believes there may be some about the House.

And being asked, If there are any Proof Sheets about the House, corrected by Mr. Reeves ? he said.

He is inclined to think there are.

Mr. Wright being again examined, was asked, How long Mr. Jones had superintended his Business? he said, Four or Five Years.

And being asked, Whether he had ever had Reason to doubt of Mr. Jones's Veracity or Accuracy ? he replied, That he never had the least Doubt of his Veracity or Accuracy. Then,

Mr. Jones (having been directed by the Committee' to endeavour to find the Proof Sheets alluded to in his Evidence) returned, and was again examined; and being asked, If he had found any of the Proof Sheets ? he replied, He had brought the first he could lay his Hands on. — They are not complete.

Then the Witness produced the said Sheets, and said. That a few of the Alterations in the Margin may be his own, which would be confined to Typographical Errata: That he cannot speak positively to all the others, but some are Mr. Rs, to the best of his Recollection.

And being asked, Whether he had not himself seen Mr. Reeves write ‘ upon some One of the Papers now delivered in by him to the Committee ? he said, He had seen Mr. Reeves make Alterations on certain of the Sheets, but he could not from Memory state which they are.

And being asked, Whether he knew Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing ? he said. He thinks he does.

He was then desired to look over the Proof Sheets delivered in by him, and point out what Notes or Observations are, to the best of his Knowledge, Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing.

And the Witness having looked over the said Sheets, he said, He finds all the Passages now marked by him with a Cross are, to the best of his Belief, Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing.

And being again asked, Whether he had not himself actually seen Mr. Reeves in the act of marking the Proof Sheets, or some of them, now delivered in by him? he said, He had.

And

36 Geo. III. 1 ° Decembris. 157

And being asked, In whose Hand-writing is the separate Paper included in the Sheets delivered in by him, which separate Paper appears to be Part of the Title of the said Pamphlet ? he said, He believed it to be Mr.

Reeves's.

And being asked, Whether he has had Knowledge of Mr. Reeves printing other Publications at Mr. Wright's Office? he replied, Yes, very many. He has been in the Habit, and had the Opportunity of knowing Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing.

And being asked, With those Means and Opportunity of knowing his Hand-writing has the Witness any Doubt that this separate Paper, and the Observations and Notes in the Sheets, are in Mr. Reeves's Handwriting r he said, He had not.

And being asked, What Mr. Reeves is the Person referred to by him, as the Corrector of the Proof Sheets, and Superintender of the Publication of this Pamphlet? he answered, Mr. John Reeves, the Chairman of the Association for protecting Liberty and Property against Republicans and Levellers.

The Evidence having been read over to the Witness, he was asked, Whether he had any Explanation or further Observation to make upon it? he replied, He had not. — Then,

Mr. Wright was further examined, and asked, Whether he conceives Mr. Jones has a Right to send out Proof Sheets or Pamphlets without any direct Communication with him ? he said, Yes; he is in the Habit of doing so, as well as all other Overseers in Printing Offices.

And being asked, From his Knowledge of Mr. Jones, does he suppose he would deliver any Proof Sheets, as from his Office, that were not printed there ? he said, He should suppose not.

And being asked, If he ever knew an Instance of his doing so ? he replied, No.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Jones has not an Authority, from his Situation with him, to deliver any Proof Sheets of Works printed at his (the Witness's) Office, if required, without an immediate Application to him; the Witness? he replied, He certainly has; no Printing could go on, without a Person in Mr. Jones's Situation having that Power.

Mr. Wright being again examined, was asked, Whether he recollected a Conversation with Mr. Reeves on the Subject of a Letter received by Mr. Reeces from Mr. Miles?he replied, Yes; and that Mr. Reeves had

shewn it him.

Being shewn the Proof Sheets delivered in by Mr. Jones, he was asked, If he knew whether the separate Paper, included therein, was Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing? he said, He believes it is; and that he is familiar with Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing.

And being asked, Whether he had seen Mr. Reeves since his last Examination by the Committee ? he replied, Yes, and conversed with him on the Subject of this Publication.

And the Witness desired to add to his former Evidence, as the Committee had called on him to add any Explanation he thought proper — That Three or Four Proof Sheets had been sent to other Gentlemen, and some Corrections received from them on the Proof Sheets; particularly he can point out one in Page 7, and another in Page 12. — But on being shewn the Correction in Page 7, he admitted the Hand-writing to be Mr. Reeves's, but from the Blackness of it he supposes the Words to be traced over Writing in Pencil — The Word " active," in Page 12, he thought not to be Mr. Reeves's Hand-writing.

And the Witness being asked, Whether he meant that he had sent these Proofs to those other Gentlemen; and received the; Corrections back from them himself? he answered, No — That he only knew of them through Mr. Reeves, whom he supposed to have sent the Proofs, and that it was to Mr. Reeves Vou51.

they were returned, and he adopted the Corrections where he chose it.

And being asked, Who the Person was that brought the Pamphlet to him; he answered, The Person who corrected the Press — Mr. Reeves.

And the Witness desired to add, That as he had been asked on a former Examination, whether the Authority of the Person bringing him the Pamphlet would not weigh with him, as well as his own Judgment, on the Publication; he meant to declare that the Authority of Mr. Reeves bringing him the Pamphlet in Question had operated with him as an Inducement to publish it.

And being asked, Whether he had not read the Manuscript ? he answered, Only Parts of it.

And being asked, Wrhether the Manuscript was not in the same Hand-writing as the separate Paper now shewn to him, and which contains the Title of the said Pamphlet? he said, That to the best of his Judgment and Recollection, such Parts as he had seen were of the same Hand-writing.

Mr. Owen being further examined, and being shewn a Passage in Mr. Miles's Evidence, he was asked, Whether he recollected receiving from Mr. Reeves the Directions therein stated, to send Six Copies of the Pamphlet in Question to Lord Hawkesbury's Office $ and whether he had executed those Directions-? he answered, He had; that he had sent them, directed to Mr". Chalmer, at Lord Hawkesbury's Office.

And being asked, To whose Account he had charged them, he said, To Mr. Reeves's.

And Mr. Owen being now apprized of the Consequences of the Answer he had made in his previous Examination refusing to answer any Questions that might be put to him; — the Witness begged Leave to retract that Answer, and apologize to the Committee; yet he still hoped the Committee would not press him to give up the Author, as, notwithstanding the Confession he had made of being the Publisher, he thought it might tend to criminate himself.

And your Committee having, as they conceive, abundant Proof from the Body of Evidence already before them, did not examine the Witness further.

And your Committee, conceiving any further Evidence respecting the Person responsible as Author or Publisher of the Pamphlet in Question wholly unnecessary, did not proceed in the Examination of many Persons, whose Testimony they have Reason to believe would still further establish the Facts stated by the preceding Witnesses. They have only to add, in Discharge of the Duty committed to them by the House; viz. To esquire who was the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, ‘ Thoughts on the English Government, &c.' declared by the House to be " a malicious, scandalous, " and seditious Libel, containing Matter tending to " create Jealousies and Divisions among His Majesty's " loyal Subjects; to alienate their Affections from our " present happy Form of Government, as established " in King, Lords, and Commons, and to subvert the " true Principles of our free Constitution; and that the " said Pamphlet is a high Breach of the Privileges of " this House;"

That it appears to the Committee, That John Reeves, Esquire, of Cecil Street, in the Strand, is the Author, or has acted as the Author, of the said Publication.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Charles , Esquire, was very much indisposed;

Ordered, That the said Charles Yorke, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

S s The

Leave ut Absence.

Report of Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings, further considered.

Petition against the Bills foi the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Bill for allowing Bounties on thelnv portation of Wheat, &c. presented.

158 r — 2° Decembris. A. 1795.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " Tomorrow Morning."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Notice sent by the Persons signing it to the Clerk of the Peace, and by him to the Justices, shall be as effectual as if published in the Newspaper.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Kempe have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Lewes, and of the Cliffe, and in the County of Sussex.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners entertain the most gloomy Apprehensions from the Perusal of Two Bills now pending in Parliament, One for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; it appearing to the Petitioners that the said Bills, by creating new Treasons, by multiplying Capital Punishments, and by destroying the fundamental Right of the People to assemble peaceably together for the Discussion of Public Grievances, operate to the subversion of the Constitution, and strike at the Foundation of the Liberties of Englishmen: That the Petitioners detest Anarchy, and abhor Despotism, but, as free born Britons, who value their Liberty as their choicest Blessing, they would be deficient in their Duty to their Country, to themselves, and to their Posterity, not to exercise their invaluable Privilege of petitioning against the Enaction of Laws by which the Fences and Outworks set up by our Ancestors, to guard that Liberty, will be beaten down and destroyed: They therefore pray the House, That the said Bills may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing Bounties on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, or Indian Meal, in British Ships, or other Ships

the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House acco

And the said Bill was read the

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And be moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by an ^v^00 Act,< made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Credit,

His Majesty to raise the Sum of 2,500,000 L for the ordered. Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

rdingly. First Time.

Mercurii, 2* die Decembris;

Anno 36° Georgii III,u Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Coventry, Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees Wmwwk, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made Gutte^Road* and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Petition, his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford-upon-Avon, and from Coventry to Martyhs Gutter, leading towards Slonleigh Town, and for supplying an Omission in an Act. passed in the then last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and also for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road from Coventry, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees for the said District of Road (from through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter) have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which have been laid out in repairing and widening the said District of Road, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and One of the Sums of Money so borrowed still remains due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the said Sum, with the Interest thereof, cannot be re-paid, nor the said District of Road kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers and Authorities thereof enlarged and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William

Shuckburgh

36 Geo. III. 2° Decemh I

Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir John &c.: And they

are to' meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mitchel- Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee,

Tiimbu^'ln *° w^om ^Ie RM for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, closure Bill" ^e Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, reported. ' Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets of Mitchelmrsh, Brais and in the

Manor and Parish of and within the

Manor and Parish of Ti in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, liad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 195 Acres of Old Inclosure and Common Fields; and that the whole Quantity of Old Inclosure and Common Fields consists of 2,02S Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and) upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wearmouth A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Bridge, &c. are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, riUon*Pe" ar|d Inhabitants, respectively, within the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bridge is now erecting across the River Wear, in the Parishes of Bishop Wearmouth and Monk Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, called If'ear-mouth Bridge, for the Purpose of opening a Communication between the Town of Sunderland, near the Sea, and the several Towns of Monk Wearmouth, Gateshead, Newcastle upon Tyne, and South Shields, as well as the Countries adjacent thereto respectively; and that, in order to facilitate and complete such Communication, and to render the same convenient and useful to the Public, it is expedient to make, amend, and keep in Repair, a convenient Carriage Road, from the North Shore of the said River Wear, at or near the said Bridge, through the several Parishes, Chapelries, or. Districts of Monk Wearmouth aforesaid, Whitburn, Bolden, Jarrow, Haxcorth, and Gateshead, to the Bridge over the River Tyne, called Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish of Whitburn aforesaid, through the several Parishes, Chapelries, or Districts, of Whitburn, Jarrow, and South Shields, to the Market Place in the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham; and that the making, amending, and keeping in Repair such Roads, will be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants in and near the several . Commercial Towns of Sunderland, Newcastle upon

Tyne, and South Shields aforesaid, will improve the Trade and Commerce in which they are severally engaged, and be of general Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and otherwise improving the said Roads, and for keeping the same in good Repair, with such Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, for effectuating those Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Vol. 51.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bttrd Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Cranford thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Three Knclse> several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Koacfs'pe-0' Reign of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year tition. of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and b om Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprized in the said Acts, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, Part of which is still owing; and that the said Debt cannot be discharged, and the said Roads completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Young, the Earl of Inchiquin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in tire Speaker's Chaua- ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, North according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of Shields and4 certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields, Newcastle in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received; and read presented.' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of the Petition

ter and Birmingham Canal Navigation, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, an‘(i and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act, The Grand passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Junction present Majesty, the Petitioners have, at a very large Canal Acts* Expence, begun, and in Part completed, a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at a Place called Digits, in the County of JVwees ter, towards the Town of Bir-. mingham, in the County of Warwick, and which, when-completed, will, by Means of other Canals, open a Communication with The Grand Junction Canal, which Canal Navigation terminates at Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, with the River Thames', and that the Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation are informed, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now pending in the House from the Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal Navigation for an Increase of Tonnage upon the Line of their Canal, and for other Purposes, and which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Public at large, and to the Proprietors of the Worcester and Canal Navigation in particular; and that great Quantities of Hops, Salt, Cyder, Fruit, and other Merchandize, would pass along the Line of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation into The Grand Junction Canal Navigation, if the Rates of Tonnage were continued as in the present Act, for making the said Grand

Junction

160 2° Decembris: A. 1795.

Junction Canal \but, if the Tonnage thereon is doubled,

the passing of such Goods along, and from, the said Worcester and Birmingham Canal into the said Grand Junction Canal will be prevented, and the Petitioners be thereby deprived of the Benefit of such Tonnage: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or so much thereof as relates to the Increase of the Tonnage for Goods passing from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal into, and along, the Line of the said Grand Junction Canal.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- Estimate of cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , Ordinary and

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to of His Majesty, S'

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1796: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1796.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; And the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1796.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of j

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, See. Commissioners of the Navy, with their j Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto - - J

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - - - - £. 39,861 4 10 j

3. Pensions, and other Allowances ----- -- 16,735 10 8 j

4.' r Chatham - -- -- - 4,200 5 — N

5- Deptford ----- -- - 3,585 18 —

6. Woolwich - 4,057 16 —

7- > Yards - i,) Portsmouth - - - - -6,126 10 —

8. Sheemess ----- -- - 2,434 8 6

9* > Plymouth - 4.946 7 8

10. Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Mooring and of Harbour Rigging -....

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c..... -

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - .

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Wounded Seamen ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1796 -

£. s. d. 71,762 5 1

56,596 15 6

25,351 5 2

6,288 6 11

43,575 7 5

19,892 10 — 30,440 ——

172,620 ——

130,000 ——

1,231 17 6

47,647 19 — 18,745 15 1

624,152 1 8

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1796, amounts to Six hundred and Twenty-four thousand One hundred and Fifty-two Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence.

A. S. Hamond. C. Hope. J. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. W. Palmer.Wm Rule. Bellingham.

ti-i

u b

D

in'

r+

n"

CD

Q.

cr

(D

o

NAVY OFFICE, 27th November 1795,

o

c

c>

" An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and 1 other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1796.

03

O

W

o

Time when may be 1 Charge of their

/ Taken in Hand. Completed. A r Hulls, Masts, and Yards. A Rigging and Stores.

- £. £.

In Hand Uncertain - 21,000 b 0 0

- Uncertain 1,100 .

In Hand Uncertain - 4,600 -

- ' December 1796 6,800 2,170

In Hand May 1796 - 2,100

January 1796 August 1796 - - 11,200 2,100

In Hand March 1796 - " 10,000 2,000

In Hand Uncertain O O <0

In Hand U nccrtain 17,000 5,000

Uncertain 1,000

..... Uncertain 2,000 - _

In Hand February 1796 3,000 910

In Hand January' 1796 2,020 1,300

Uncertain Uncertain 4,200 3,700

Uncertain Uncertain 2,100 2,500

In Hand January 1796 500 m

-In Hand Uncertain 25,200 3,500

(Uncertain 6,000

- Uncertain 3,000 -

[Uncertain 3,000 -

In Hand February 1796 2,800 1,760

In Hand February 1796 2,800 1,760

January 1796 December 1796 15,400 4,000

January 1796 December 1796 12,100 3,000

PLACE WHERE.

Deptford

Woolwich

Chatham

GUNS.

93

74

50

Sloop

32

28

98

74

74

38

3*5

Frigate

Sloop

24

98

80

38

74

SHIPS NAMES.

Neptune. -New

Firm.

New

Shannon -

Juno

Triton

Ocean Centaur -New New

Glenmore Trent Lutine Inspector -Champion

Temeraire

New

New

New

Tamer

Clyde

Elizabeth

Warrior

J

BUILDING, or Nature of their REPAIR.

Building -Ordered to be built Building -Ordered to be built Building -To be repaired Repairing

Building -Building -Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Building -Building -To be repaired -Middling Repair Middling Repair

Building -

Ordered to be built -

Building -Building -/Between Small and Middling! (. Repair - -J

TOTAL.

25.000 1,100 4,600

8,970

2,100

13,300

12.000

6,500

22,000

1,000

2,000

3,910

3,320

7,900

4,600

500

28,700

6.000

3.000

3.000

4.560

4.560

19,400

15,100

to

O

3*

Oi

c. 3 5

PLACE WHERE. GUNS. BUILDING, Time when may be /V Charge of their

smrs names. or Nature of their r N \ TOTAL.

REPAIR. Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Masts, Rigging and

and YarJs. Stares.

£. £. £.

Sheerness 50 Antelope - - - Building - In Hand - Uncertain ' - 7.250 1,500 8,750

20 Perseus - Great Repair - April 1796 - September 1796 5,740 2,-'40 7,98o

Portsmouth 98 Dreadnought Building - - -Ordered to be built - In Hand Uncertain f),f)00 6,600

74 New - - - - Uncertain 2,100 - 2,100

Sloop New - - Ordered to be built - - - Uncertain - 2,000 1,000 3.000

74 Alcide Elephant - -1 -J Middling Repair [January 1796 [February 1796 - November 1796 December 1796 15,260 16,000 3.500 3.500 18,760 19,500

Sloop Brisk m - f Between Small and Middlingl \ Repair - - -j January 1796 - June 179b 2,280 1,030 3,3io

' 1 Ariel m Middling Repair July 179C - December 1796 " 1,200 1,000 2,200

Plymouth 110 Hibernia - Building - - - In Hand m Uncertain 10, Goo 10,600

80 Foudroyant - - Building - In Hand - December 1796 - 20,000 5,000 25,000

100 New - - Ordered to be built - - - Uncertain 2,000 - - - 2,000

74 Alexander - - f Between Small and Middling") \ Repair - - -J In Hand - February 1796 - 3,9°o 4,900 8,800

32 Pearl - - /Between Middling and Large] X Repair - - -j Next Month - March 1796 - 6,500 5,100 8,600

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards £. 266,850 C3,47o 330, S20

cr

o

o

o

2° Decembris. 1795

ME

c

r

D

co'

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

D"

O

o

o

00.

FT

River Thames 74 Ajax

— Northumberland -

— ' Dragon -

— Royal Oak - -

— New - .

64 Agincourt - -

— Lancaster.

— Monmouth -

— . York - -

40 Acasta - -

Endymion - -

38 Naiad -

36 New - -

Sloop New -

Sloop Merlin - -

— Termagant - -

North fleet m 74 Superb m

64 Ardent - -

Gravesend m 74 L'Achille

38 New - -

Rochester - - Sloop Albatross -

Frindsbury - m Sloop Cyane - -

Chatham - - - Sloop Dispatch - -

Sandwich - - Sloop Hound - -

Siioreham - - Sloop Pheasant -

Mistleythorn - Sloop Plover - -

Harwich - - m 74 Conqueror m

38 Ethalion - r -

Bucklersiiakd m m 74 Spencer -

38 Boadicea -

Sloop Bittern - -

Bursledon m m 40 Cambrian.

Sloop Diligence P

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

O

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

RCHANTS YARDS

In Hand March 1798 £ 8,000 £ £ 8,000

- - In Hand - February 1798 8,400 - - 8,400

- - In Hand m - February 1798 15.000 - - 15,000

- - In Hand - - February 1798 12,700 -» m - 12,700

- - In Hand m - February 1798 12,000 - - 1 2,000

- m In Hand - - May 1796 12,900 6,000 18,900.

- - In Hand - - August 1796 16,400 6,000 22,400

- - In Hand - - April 1796 - 8,600 6,000 14,600

- In Hand - May 179b - 0.300 6,000 15,300

- - In Hand - - March 1797 - 10,900 1,000 11,900

- - In Hand - - March 1797 - 4,7oo 1,000 5,700

- - In Hand - - March 1797 - ii,800 1,000 12,800

- - In Hand - - March 1797 - 5,100 1,000 6,100

- - In Hand - - February 1796 2,400 1,000 3,400

- - In Hand - - April 1796 - 2,100 500 - 2,600

- In Hand - - April 1796 - 2,300 1,000 3,300

In Hand - February 1798 12,800 - 12,800

- In Hand - April 1796 - 10,300 — m - 10,300

- m In Hand _ - February 1798 - 8,500 . 8,500.

- - In Hand - - April 1797 - 7,500 1,000 8,500

- - In Hand - - January 1796 - 1,400 1,000 2,400.

- - In Hand - - April 1796 - 2,700 1,500 - 4^ c 0

- In Hand. - m January 1796 1,400 1,000 2;400

- - In Hand - - January 1796 1,300 1,800 2,300

- - In Hand - - April 1796 - 2,400 1,500 3,9°o

- - In Hand - - April 1796 - 2,600 1,500 4,100

m In Hand - February i 798 12,000 12,000

- - In Hand - - February 1797 9,000 - - 9,000

In Hand _ March 1798 8,500 8,500

- In Hand - - March 1797 9,000 - - 9,000

- - In Hand - - ' April 1796 - 3,000 1,500 4,5oo

In Hand _ - March 1797 8,300 1,000 . 9,3oo

- - In Hand - - - January 1796 800 1,500 2,300

Total - - £ 244,100 43,000 287,100

Grand Total for the Ships - - - £. 510,950 106,470 617,420

36 Geo. III. 2U DecemU. it>j

ON WORKS OF THE YARDS.

Deptford

To building a new Rigging House

K55

c. %

£ p

3,400

Woolwich

To completing the several Works to the Inner Mast Pond, Six Bays of Storehouses over the Locks, Bricklayers and Masons Pounds with Part' of the Wharf Wall next the River..... ... . _ '

12,900

Chatham

Portsmouth -

Pltmouth

To take down and clear away the remaining Part of the Old Rigging and Cordage Houses, Junk Yard, and Part of the old Trying House, in order to carry on the remaining Part of the new Storehouse adjoining the new Rigging House - - . - - _ _ _ ' _

To carry on the Foundation and Brick Work to the new Storehouse above-mentioned, up to the First Floor ....

To complete and fit the new Rigging House ....

700

2,59°

4,060

To carrying on the Dwarf Stone Wharf to the Mast House Slip (Outer Mast Pond) -

To carrying on the Locks South Side the Inner Mast Pond ——

To carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf, North Side the Outer Mast Pond ... To carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf and Slip, South Side the Boathouse Channel To carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf, West Front of the New Ground ... To complete the Stone Wharf and Slip to the Inner Mast Pond ....

To carrying on the South Jetty - .

To building a Pitch House ..... ....

To carrying on the Works of the Docks and Bason, agreeably to Brigadier General Bentham's Plan

3.000

10.000

2.000 2,200

2.000 600

8,700

680

25.000

To blowing and levelling the Rock at White House Hill -

To completing the West Cross New Storehouse ——

To completing the East Cross New Storehouse ——

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty-head ——

To digging away the Rock where the old Converters Pound stood, and Drains, Reservoirs, Saw Pits, &c. To building a New Flight of Stairs in Front of the Commissioner's Lodgings -

Towards building a House, agreeably to the general Plan, in a Range with the House Carpenters Shop

600

500

200

1,580

220

1,630

2,520

164 2° Decembris. . 1795.

Oi

To digging away the Rock to form the Slope, &c. leading up the East Side of the Parapet Wall, fronting the Officers Lodgings, Commissioners Office, Sc c. ——

Towards building the Hemp House, N° 3 ----- -..... ——

To completing the Bricklayers and Masons Pounds ——

To building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the Plank Houses that stand over the Mast Locks, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses ——

To building a New Working Shed between the Fore Part of the Double Dock and Old Dock, on the Ground where the Old Pitch House stood

Towards building the Sheds in the Shipwrights Store Pound, Reservoir, Drains, &c. ——

To building Four Bays of Saw Pits ——

Total - - - 90,980

Total for the Ships brought forward - - - 617,420

Grand Total - - 708,400

800

3,13

40

370

460

390

710

d

D

eg'

N

CD

CL

O"

O

o

Eor the Ships in His Majesty's Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards Towards the Improvements in the Yards

ABSTRACT:

f Hulls

[Rigging and Stores

Hulls

Rigging and Stores

£. 266,8501 , Q „„

63*70) *'33°,3Ja

244,1001 2g a 43,000/ "

90,980

Grand Total - £.708,400

Vis.

The Sum of Seven hundred Eight Thousand and Four hundred Pounds.

A. S. Hamtmd. C. Hope. J- HensUnv. Rule.

Geo. Marsh. Geo. Rogers. JV. Bellingham. IV.. Palmer.

Ci

Ot

36 Geo. III. 2° .

A. 1795.

166

2° Decembris.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c. reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, " or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits " from Potatoes, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money issued Account of the Monies which have been issued to hi* Convict* Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of Con-ordered!'1C ' fining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His

Account of Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give

Money issued Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Ac-

pursuant to count cf aji Sums of Money which have been issued by His Addressee. ~ ~

Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Accounts

ordered.

Money issued, to discharge Bills drawn by Mr. Palmer.

For Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

For maintaining Convicts.

Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of V ote of Credit.

Sums wanting for Relief to American &c. Sufferers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies issued to William Chin tiery, Esquire, to enable him to discharge Bills drawn by Commissary Palmer, at New South Wales, for the Use of that Settlement, and for other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts there, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langs tone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five " hundred Thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. io$. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum qnsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 179.5, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons, who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with the Sum of 61. 5 s.per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained

in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1796, after the same Rate of 3 I. 10 5. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 s.of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are to be particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Petitions Council, and Livery, of the Town and County of the npainstths Tow n of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and g^["r0lfh^ read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners approach Majesty's the House, to request of them, as the Guardians of our Personae. Rights, and of that liberal Constitution, which after many Struggles, was at the Resolution committed to us to enjoy, and to the House to protect and defend, that they will appease the National Alarm which the Bill now pending in the House, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices, has so justly excited — It is a Bill which, if carried into a Law, can alone endanger His Majesty's Person and Government, by rudely tearing asunder the Bond of Affection between the Subject and the governing Power; each have their Rights, and a Harmony of Rights can alone secure the Public Good.

To subject the most innocent Acts and the most dignified Characters, to an undefined Law of Treason, to a discretionary Construction of Treason, and to subject those Acts and those Characters to Sentences of the most awful Terror, is to establish an absolute Tyranny of Law; it is to revive the Law of Libel of Imperial Rome in all its Horror: "With Wisdom and Temperance our glorious Ancestors have fully provided for the Dignity and Security of Government; to their Wisdom the Petitioners chearfully submit, and their Wisdom, the Petitioners trust, will be the Rule of the House: It is therefore their earnest Prayer, That the House will not suffer this novel, this alarming Bill, to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Nottingham, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners, the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, respectfully approach the House, as the Guardians of that Constitution, whose genuine Principles the Petitioners revere, as the best Security for the Dignity of the Crown, and the Rights of the People, to request the serious Consideration of the House of a certain Bill, now pending in the House, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts: That the Petitioners sincerely deplore the late atrocious Attack upon His Majesty's Person, in His Way to the Houses of Parliament, at the Opening of the present Sessions, and would chearfully assist, by every Means in their Power, in bringing to immediate Punishment the Authors and Abettors of that daring Outrage; for this Purpose the Petitioners are persuaded the excellent

Laws,

36 Geo. III.

2° JJecetnbris.

167

Tc.

t.

1 v,

r Kk

r

Petition

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

lat

iA

n.«,

eir

tie

lent

Laws, which distinguish the venerable Fabrick of our Constitution, aided by the Testimony of competent Witnesses, are fully adequate: The extensive and generous Fffusions of Loyalty which His Majesty will experience on this Occasion, will sufficiently convince the House, that the misguided Conduct of a few Individuals was far from proceeding from National Disaffection: The Petitioners rely Upon the Wisdom of the House, to perceive the Injustice of indicting a Nationul Punishment for Individual Offences; they assure themselves of the Discernment of the House, that popular Esteem and Affection is the best Security to His Majesty's Person and Government, and that these may be conciliated by Acts of Kindness, but cannot be commanded or enforced by Acts of Power: The Petitioners are convinced that our present Constitution (containing within itself the Power of perpetual Improvement) has obtained, and still enjoys, the Affection and Esteem of the great Body of our Countrymen, because, until the present Period, it has assured to the People of these Realnis the Right of Public and Private Discussion — tile Liberty of the Press — and the Right of petitioning all the Branches of the Legislature, without the Interference of Ministers, the Controul of Magistrates, or the Dread of Military Execution: The Petitioners are persuaded that the Bills, which have been presented for the Sanction of the House, directly violate, or insidiously attempt to regulate, the Exercise of these Rights, upon the Existence of which, in the Frame of our Constitution, and upon the Respect paid to them by the Ministers of the Crown, depends the Happiness of the People, and their Attachment to the Constitution: Therefore, as the House affectionately regard the Dignity of the Crown, which must ever find its best Security in a Nation's Love — as the House respect themselves — as they admire the general and zealous Attachment to the Constitution, which, at present, glows in the Hearts of Britons — in fine, as the House wish the great Body of the Nation from henceforth to believe in the Existence of the Constitution, or to consider the House as their genuine Representatives, the Petitioners earnestly implore the House not to permit the said Bill to pass into Law.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners, assembled upon the interesting and awful Occasion of the late alarming Danger to the sacred Person of His Majesty, and to express their Sentiments of Indignation and Resentment against the Authors of that Parricidal Attempt, are naturally led to search for the Cause of an Outrage, which, not less from the Virtues than frbtn the Station of the Sovereign now seated on the Throne, seemed to be beyond any the worst Idea of Human Ingratitude and Wickedness: In pursuing this Investigation, the Petitioners can discover no morb probable Source of such atrocious Mischief than the seditious Instigation of certain Societies and Meetings* in Which, to the Abuse of the Indulgence of the Law, Principles and Doctrines are avowed and circulated of most dangerous Consequence to the Preservation of true Liberty, as well as to the Safety of the State: That the Petitioners have contemplated with anxious Sdrprize, and are now induced to mention with earnest Uneasiness, the Risk to which the well-disposed Part of the Community have been suffered to be exposed by the progressive Audacity, and unchecked Diffusion* of false and poisonous Suggestions, to create Discontent, and to incite Revolt, against some of the best Maxims of our Government, and surest Defences of our Rights and Franchises: The Application of a preventive Remedy to a Mischief of a Nature so intimately affecting the dearest Foundation of our social Tranquillity and Happiness, - Vol. .51.

must be an Object wolthy of the earliest and most serious Consideration of the Legislature: In Justice to themselves and to Posterity, and in grateful Concern for the general Welfare of the Country, the Petitioners cannot dispense, with Obedience to their Duty upon such momentous Occasion, to recommend to the Wisdom of Parliament the Adoption of some effectual Measures to secure the Continuance and Enjoyment of our true Constitutional Privileges, by a moderate but adequate Restraint on the Excess to which the Enemies of the Constitution would licentiously carry the Perversion of its real and excellent Arrangements for the Maintenance of Individual Freedom and National Prosperity: The Petitioners humbly conceive (although they do not venture to dictate the particular Provisions of any Bill for this essential Object) that it may be framed with successful Insurance of the Blessings which, by our Constitution, they have a Right to claim and to protect, and with decisive Controul of those licentious Proceedings, which the desperate Wickedness of a Few would make the Crime and consequent Destruction of the Whole.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Petition in and other Inhabitants of the County of Rutland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, SafetvofHii That the Petitioners have viewed with the utmost In- Majesty'* dignation and Horror, the daring Attack made upon Person, &e. the Person of His Majesty on His Passage to Parliament; and they are persuaded this Attack has been made by Russians w'hose Minds have been seduced from their Duty and Allegiance to their Sovereign by the Arts of seditious, designing, and evil-minded Men, to subvert our happy Constitution, and to riot in its Subversion: That the Petitioners observe, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Steps which the Wisdom of the House has taken to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the greater Safety of His Majesty's Person, the clearer Definement of the Laws of Treason, and to give more speedy and effectual Checks to that Spirit of Sedition and Disaffection which has for some Time spread its Poison under the specious and popular Terms of Liberty and Reform: That the Petitioners should be entirely forgetful of their Duty to themselves, to the best of Sovereigns, and to their Country, if they did not present the House with this unequivocal Testimony of their Attachment to their Sovereign, their Desire to preserve the Constitution, which makes us happy, their cordial Regard for their Fellow Subjects, and their fixed Determination to support the House against all the Attempts of a Faction, now reduced, by the Dread of salutary Laws, to Violence and Desperation: That the Petitioners have requested the Representatives of their County to present this Petition to the House, humbly praying, That the Commons of Great Britain will ever continue to be the watchful Guardians of the Constitution as by Law. established.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Petition in Inhabitants, of the United Towns of Port Glasgow and fofth* Nexvark, was also presented to the House, and read; Safety of Hi* Setting forih, That the Petitioners have beheld, with Majesty's Concern, Dissentions sown and nourished in these Person, &c.; Kingdoms, for some Time past, by certain discontented and seditious Persons, in Opposition to the established t;ous Government and Constitution, atld lately a most atro- ings. cious Act of Outrage committed against the Person of His Majesty: That the Two Bills, now depending in Parliament, for the better securing His Majesty's Person and Government; artd for the more effectually preventing all seditious Meetings and Assemblies; appear to the Petitioners to be the best Remedies for preventing the Dangers to be apprehended from the daring Attempts of the Factious: And therefore praying, That the House may pass the said Two Bills into LatvS for such limited Time as to their Wisdom shall seem meet.

A Petition

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safe y of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition from Middlesex, against D° Bills.

Bill for the mfTe expeditious Conveyance of Writs, committed.

Bill foi allowing Bounties on Wheat, .&c. committed.

168 2 Decembr. A. 1795.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the United Boroughs and Towns Corporate of Glasgow and Newark, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the continued seditious Attempts of certain discontented Persons to create Anarchy, and a Spirit of Revolt against the present happy Constitution of these United Kingdoms, and the recent daring Outrage against the Person of His sacred Majesty, urgently call for strong and speedy Measures for preventing any future Repetition of such Crimes: That the Bills now depending in Parliament, for the better securing His Majesty's Person and Government; and, for the more effectually preventing all seditious Meetings and Assemblies; appear to the Petitioners to be best calculated for the Purpose of such Prevention: And therefore praying, That the House may pass the said Two Bills into Laws, for such limited Time as to their Wisdom shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of was likewise

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Laws, provided by the Wisdom of our Ancestors against High Treason, Political Libels, and Tumultuous Assemblies, have been found, by the Experience of many Ages, to be a sufficient Safeguard to the Person of the King, and perfectly adequate to the Suppression and Punishment of all Offences against the Quiet and Security of the State: That it is, therefore, with the utmost Surprize and Grief, that the Petitioners have heard of the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, severally intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditions Meetings and Assemblies; One of which removes the ancient Boundaries of Treason, describes libellous Speeches and Writings with such Latitude as to comprehend all Political Speeches and Writings which are not Panegyricks on the Government, and subjects to a Penalty, which the Humanity of the Laws of England has hitherto confined to the most foul and infamous Offences; and the other subjects the Deliberations of Public Meetings, in which alone the Right of Petition can be exercised with Effect, to the Caprice or Corruption of Magistrates, thereby defeating all substantial and beneficial Exertion of that sacred Right itself, claimed and demanded by our Ancestors in the Bill of Rights, as the Inheritance of Englishmen, secured to them by the fundamental Laws — That the Petitioners cannot but deprecate the Adoption of Measures, which, by depriving the People of that Controul over Public Affairs which they derive from free and open Discussion, tends to enfeeble and extinguish their Love for the Constitution, to bring into Hatred and Contempt the existing Government of the Country, and thus equally to endanger the Peace and Liberty of the Nation: The Petitioners, therefore, most earnestly implore the House, That the said Bills may not pass into Laws.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, that this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing Bounties on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat

Flour, Indian Corn, or Indian Meal, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wholo House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Freese; without any Amendments: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bone and John Henry Charles Albrecht; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Petrus IVdhelmus AloysPottgeisser; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Report w as read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followelh;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Four thousand Five hundred and Two Invalids, amounting to Forty-nine thousand Two hundred and Nineteen Effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hundred Fifty-eight thousand Six hundred Twenty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Forty-nine thousand Two hundred and Nineteen Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned, Noncommissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1795 to the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Six hundred Sixty-six thousand Nine hundred Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those serving at Gibraltar and in Corsica, and a Corps of Foot in New South /Tales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Masters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1795 to

The Lords have agreed to

Freeses Nat Bill.

Boue's and Albrecht's Nat. Bill.

The Lords have passed Pottgeisser'* Nat. Bill.

Report Sup-

piy.

Guards and Garrisons.

Charge of D®.

Forces in the Plantations.

36 Geo. III.

2° Decembri

I6£)

the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, being. 366 Days.

Difference be- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

un^Irish Day That a Sum not exceeding Forty thousand One hundred Ninety-five Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from the 25th Day of December 1795 to the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days. Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Du/india1" That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred Forty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East , and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from the 25th Day of December 1795 to the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Recruiting Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Contwi- That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Sixty

trencies 9 o # j

6 ' thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de-

fraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces; of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of

Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dedurod

That a Sum,^not exceeding One hundred and Twenty-

six Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Oiiim* late That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several General- Officers late in the Service of The Slates General, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comtnitfee, Reduced Of-

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Five ^*rsA<^^1 hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon can Forces.*

the said Forces; and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1796.

Subsistence Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tolnnkeepers, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty &c‘ thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty for de-

fraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1796.

General and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Start'Officers, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three &c‘ thousand Six hundred Forty-two Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces on an Expedition under the Command of Major General Clarke, for the Year 1796-

Full Pay to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Supemume- That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty-rary Officers. seven thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps and of draughted Regiments, from the 25th Day of December 1795 to the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Allowances Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the Pay- That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty-ral*&c. Cne" thousand Four hundred and Ninety Pounds,

Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingent N Expences of their respective Offices; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1796. Reduced Of- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Vot. 51.

ficere.

Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it? is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five 10 D°-hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Militia and That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Seven- £^.lt>leIn teen thousand Two hundred and Ninety-four Pounds an y Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, and the Isle of Man, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Contingen-That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ten ties, &c. for thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de- D#* fraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in'

Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men thereof, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cloathing for That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eight t,ie Ml lt,a" thousand Five hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to'

His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing. for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fencibla That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Seventy Cavalry, thousand Six hundred Thirty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th Day-of December 1795 to the 24th Day of December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifteen- &c'for thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of certain Allowances to the Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, and the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps, for the Year 1796-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy-five thousand Four hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1796-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence,

Xx be

170

2° Deccmbris.

A. 1795.

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, previous to the 31st Day of December 1703, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Six hundred and Fifty-six Pounds and Five Pence, he grants! to 11 is Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Sixty-two thousand and Forty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services pei formed by the Office of Ordnance, for JLand Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred Pounds,x be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the C harge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Dav of December 1 706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Xova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1 796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to Ffis Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 179(3 to the 24th Day of June 1797

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine

hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January to the 31 Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight

hundred Pounds, he granted to His Majesty, for de-

fraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1796 to the 24th Day of June 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two

hundred and Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st Day of April 1706 to the 1st Day of April 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1796.

Charge of the Sidary of the Chief Justice of the Bermudas, or Sinners Islands, from the 24th Day of June 170b to the 24th Day of June 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dominica. That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the (.barge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island ot Dominica, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1 7(16.

Risolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committer, New South That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two huntlred and Forty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wates, from the 10th Day of October 1795 to the 10th Day of October l 7p.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Bhls. Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Y'ear One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Xinetvfive," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The Seven First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words

One hundred and Three thousand Six hundred " Forty-two Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence," and instating the Words " Fifty-eight thousand Pounds" instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Words u One " hundred and Three thousand Six hundred Forty-two " Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence " stand Part of the said Resolution;

The I louse divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Steele,

[Mr. Sargent:

Tillers for the Noes,:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Mouse.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Mutiny Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ordered. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at M ar, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee ot to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply.

Tellers for the Yeas,

80.

16.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty jesty, be now read.

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the And the said Order being read accordingly;

K Ordered,

36 Geo. III.

2° — 3° De

171

Kxtmoi tlina-i it* of the Army re-

ivrrrij.

Committee on Bill to

prevent Obstructions to the free. Passage of Grain, &c.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1794 to the 14th of November 179.5. both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Sargent also acquainted the House, That he was directed by tire Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Rill, as amended by the Committee, were ( delivered at the Uoor to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House' accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Rill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Rill.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Rill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Rill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Mu a ter reported from the Committee, to whom Dean Forest the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are lloads thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, in the Neighbourhood of His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and also, of several Persons, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Parishes of Nexcland, English Bid, nor, anti Stanton, and also in the Tything and Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish oi Axere, in the said County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, a3 it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Matthew being examined, said, That the several

tion, reported.

Committee 011 high Price j j-j of Corn, -

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Pottgeisser's Nal. Bill, read

The other Orders of the Day being read; , Roads mentioned in the Petition, leading through His

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Majesty's said Forest of Dean, and from thence to and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole through the said Parish of Nexcland, and also from the House, to consider further of the present high Price of said Forest to and through the Tything of Etloe, and Corn. the Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish of all in the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- County of Gloucester, are in a very ruinous Condition, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and incommodious for Passengers; but that the said

Roads, being chiefly Part of the Soil and the Waste Lands belonging to the said Purest, and the Property of His Majesty in Right of llis Crown, the same cannot be properly amended and repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's l'orest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland adjoining the said Forest, and Act for naturalizing Petrus WilhelmusAloysius also leading from the Rottom of a Place called The

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jons,3° die Decembris;

Anno 36° Georgii III‘U Regis, 1795. Prayers.

^N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Pottgeisser, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report on Bill to alter, &c. The Grand Junction Canal

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 25th Day of November last, was made from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to finish Acts, further and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other considered. Works authorized to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

Vol. 51.

Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Axvre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Master and Mr. Hicks Beach do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Weannouth the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bridge. &«. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, respectively, within the County of Durham, K‘n»,eiM>1,u was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

to

Royal Exchange Assurance Bill, presented.

London Assurance Bill, presented.

Grandborough Inclosure Petition*

J72 3° Decembris. A. 1795.

to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Bramwell being examined, said, That a Bridge is now erecting across the River Wear, at for the Purpose of opening a Communication between the Town of Sunderland, near the Sea, and the several Towns of Monk-Wearmouth, Gateshead, upon-Tyne, and South Shields, as well as the Countries adjacent thereto: that in order to facilitate and complete such Communication, and to render the same convenient and useful to the Public, it will be expedient to make, amend, and keep in Repair a proper and convenient Carriage Road from the North Shore of the said River Wear, at or near the said Bridge, through the several Parishes, Chapelries, or Districts of mouth aforesaid, Whitburn, Bolden, and Gateshead, to the Bridge over the River Tyne called Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish of Whitburn aforesaid, through the several Parishes, Chapelries, or Districts of Whitburn, Jarrozc, and South Shields, to the Market Place in the Town

of South Shields', all in the County of Durham, and that the making, amending, and keeping in Repair such Roads, will improve the Trade and Commerce of the Towns and Places near or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, a convenient Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish of Whitburn, to the Market Place in the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the London Assurance of Houses and Goods from F'ire: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, having Properties and Interests in the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and refid; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioners and others, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed and so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to, and in lieu of, their respective Properties therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, and for other Purposes, as

shall be therein mentioned, and under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to t*e Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Reverend Will Rector Great of the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of itot'epnclo‘ Bucks, and of the several other Persons, whose Names wre etrt'uD' are thereunto subscribed, having Properties and Interests in the several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Woolstone aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Pas- tures, Common Meadows," and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests therein, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Meadow s, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Steward, Bailiff, and Inhabitants, Petition of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Glou- respecting cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners see, with Concern and In- gs‘ dignation, that the Endeavours of factious and seditious Men to overturn the Constitution of this Country, and to reduce us to a State of Anarchy and Wretchedness, are still continued with indefatigable Assiduity, and that the Effect of the pernicious Principles, which they have disseminated, has been strongly proved by the late daring Attempt against the Life of our beloved Sovereign; and the Petitioners think themselves called upon, at the present Moment, to declare their determined Resolution to support, by every Exertion in their Power, whatever Laws Parliament, in its Wisdom, shall think proper to enact: The Petitioners therefore entreat the House, in Concurrence with the other Branches of the Legislature, to adopt such Measures, as it shall deem most effectual, to suppress these daring Attempts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Members of the Benefit Societies, Petition for a and other Inhabitants, of Nottingham, and its Vicinity, ReP^ of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, at the present alarming Crisis, when we have Bounty on already suffered one distressing Scarcity, and are told the Exporta-that we are on the Eve of another, the Petitioners of Corn think it their indispensable Duty to claim the Attention c‘ of the House to the Evils under which we labour —

The Petitioners have entertained more than Doubts of the Policy which dictated the Regulations with respect to the Exportation and Importation of Corn, and cannot be reconciled to either the Prudence or Humanity of, in Effect, bribing Foreign Nations to take the Bread out of the Mouths of our Labourers and Manufacturers, neither can they see the Justice or

Necessity

Petition respecting Seditious Meet ings.

Petition against the Hills for the Safety of His Majesty's Personae.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

36 Geo. III.

3° Decembris.

173

Necessity of taxing at any Time that Supply which we might draw from another Country; the Petitioners therefore pray the House to endeavour to procure a total Repeal of such Statutes as allow a Bounty upon the Exportation of Corn, and also of those which impose such heavy Restrictions upon its Importation, as the Petitioners hope it will be found, upon Experience, that such Repeal would be beneficial to the Nation. — Another Evil, of which the Petitioners complain, is the Monopoly of Farms, which has swallowed up the Cottages and small Farms, whose Occupiers, from their Circumstances, were obliged to come regularly to Market; an Evil which has increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminished: Further, they beg the Interference of the House with respect to the Practices of Regrating, Forestalling, Engrossing, and selling Corn by Sample; Practices which tend to advance the Market, and extremely distress those whose scanty Incomes enable them to live only from Hand to Mouth — Lastly, convinced, by melancholy Experience, that the present War, whether just or unjust in its Principle, has been the leading and productive Source of all the Calamities which the Petitioners deplore, they conjure the House, by all the Respect they bear to the Welfare of our common Country, to use their utmost Efforts to put an End to the ruinous Hostilities which daily impose such vast and heavy Burthens upon us, and which have swept the Husbandman, and the Fruits of his Industry, into one common Grave; and the Petitioners trust, that the House will feel a due Sense of the Importance of these Subjects, and will decide, in relation to them, with that Discretion and Humanity, which they seem to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Com.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Gentlemen, Clergy, Bankers, principal Traders, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the City of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners approach the House, convinced of its Wisdom and Firmness in protecting and securing their Rights and Privileges: They deeply lament (in common with every good Subject) the daring Attack made upon the Person of His Majesty, while He was proceeding to exercise one of the most important Functions of His High Office; and they cannot but impute this alarming Outrage to the Propagation of Doctrines promulgated at seditious Meetings and Assemblies, frequently called together by artful and designing Men, for the pretended Purpose of deliberating upon Grievances, but the real Object of which is the Subversion of all regular Government: Impressed with this Belief, the Petitioners are firmly persuaded of the Necessity of preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: And they humbly pray the House to adopt such Regulations, as to their Wisdom may seem meet, for the Purpose of effecting an Object which appears to the Petitioners essentially necessary for the Preservation of the Right of Petitioning itself, and for the Security of every Privilege they enjoy under our free and happy Constitution.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, firmly attached to the Principles of the Resolution, the Glory of their Ancestors, consider as the chief Excellence of the British Constitution the establishing a due Balance between the Prerogative of the Crown and the Liberty of the Subject, by which the Dangers of Despotism on the one Hand, and the Evils of Anarchy on the other, are equally avoided: That, to preserve these Principles pure and inviolate, the Petitioners conceive it the

Vol. 51.

Duty of every Lover of his Country to watch with a jealous Eye, and legally to oppose, every Measure that has a Tendency to infringe the Right of Petitioning, which has hitherto been held most sacred, and which has been expressly stipulated by the Bill of Rights; they cannot therefore, without Alarm, observe the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; which Bills they consider to be unnecessary and impolitic; unnecessary, because they believe the existing Laws to be sufficient for the Punishment of Offenders; and impolitic, as tending to alienate the Affections of His Majesty's Subjects, as well as inimical to free Discussion, and frequent Communication of the Public Sentiment on important Questions involving the Liberty and Happiness of the British Nation: Possessing these Sentiments, and apprehending that those Alterations, which the Committee has thought proper to adopt, do not materially correct the dangerous Principle of the said Bills, nor render them less obnoxious to their numerous and respectable Opposers, the Petitioners therefore pray the House not to pass them into Laws.

A Petition of the Burgesses and thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, impressed with the deepest Concern at the late daring and outrageous Insult offered to the Person of our beloved Sovereign, think it a Duty incumbent on them, for the Preservation of those inestimable Blessings which they have so long, and still continue to enjoy, to express their Abhorrence of so detestable a Proceeding, and to pray that the House will adopt such Measures as in its Wisdom shall appear most likely to discover the Abettors and Perpetrators thereof, and bring them to meet the Punishment' due to their daring and atrocious Offences: That the Petitioners, apprehending the greatest Danger to our happy Constitution, to the Tranquillity of this Country, and to the Security of their Persons and Property, from the daring Attempts of those seditious Assemblies, whose Doctrines are a Libel upon all Government, tending to subvert the Principles of true Civil Liberty, and evidently intending to introduce Discord and Anarchy, and firmly believing that the existing Laws are not adequate to repel effectually the Malignity of the Evil, humbly pray, That the House will speedily pass such Laws as shall more effectually secure the Person and Dignity of our most gracious Sovereign, suppress all seditious Meetings and Practices, and, finally, prevent the Dissemination of such corrupt Principles as may endanger the Security and Existence of our most excellent Government.

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Sidesman, Overseers, Guardians of the Poor, Commissioners for Paving, Trustees for building the Church, and others the Inhabitants of Saint James and Saint John Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners, by the Votes, that a Petition was presented to the House on Friday the 27th of November last, under the Denomination of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Clerkenwell, praying that the Two Bills, thereby alluded to, might not pass into a Law: That the Petitioners Sentiments, as to the Two Bills, being in direct Opposition to those expressed in the said Petition, and conceiving that Faction and Sedition have lately been very rapidly increasing in various Parts of the Kingdom, the Petitioners therefore most humbly pray, That such temporary Measures may be very

Y y speedily

Petition from Arundel, respecting Seditious Meetings.

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petitions against D° Bills.

174 3° Deceinbtis. 4. 1795.

speedily adopted by the House, as in its Wisdom may appear to be most conducive for effectually supporting Peace and good Order throughout the Realm.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stones, in the County of , was also

presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply impressed with a Sense of the many Blessings we enjoy under the present free Constitution of our Country, feel themselves irresistibly called upon to declare their utter Abhorrence of the late daring Attempt against the Person of our beloved Sovereign when engaged in the conscientious Discharge of one of the most important Duties of His Royal Function: Moreover, in the present awful Crisis, they do rely, with Confidence, on the Wisdom of Parliament for the Preservation of those Liberties and Privileges which the People of this Land have, for a Number of Years, so happily enjoyed, and to which the Petitioners profess themselves to be most zealously attached: They therefore humbly pray, That the Bills, now pending in Parliament, severally intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and, An Act for the more effectual preventing of seditious Meetings and Assemblies, may be sanctioned by Law, and such other Measures pursued, as to the Wisdom of Parliament, in the present Conjuncture, shall appear to be best adapted to those desirable Objects.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Arundel, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners believe, that the late atrocious Outrage offered to His Majesty's sacred Person is more attributable to the Distresses of the Kingdom, greatly heightened by the present calamitous War, than to any other Cause: That the Petitioners see, With serious' Concern, Two Bills brought into the House, One intituled, A Bill for the Safety and Preservation Of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the othet, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; the first of which Bills alters the long established Laws of the Ladd respecting Treason, and unnecessarily adds a long Catalogue thereto, as the Petitioners conceive the Efficacy of the present Laws to be fully adequate for the Punishment and Prevention of that horrid Crime, and the latter the Petitioners consider as an Infringement of the happy Constitution of this Country, attd a direct Violation against the Bill of Rights; as established at the glorious Resolution: That believing the Blessings of Peace will tend more to allay the Discontents of the People, and be more conducive to the Happiness Of all, than the most Coercive Measures, the Petitioners earnestly pray, That the House will use their utmost Efforts for the Attainment of an honourable Peace, and that the Two Bills above-mentioned may be rejected by the House.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Sudbury, irt the County of Suffolk, Was also presented to the House, and read; Setting fotth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House their Abhorrence of all Insults offered to either Branch of the Legislature in discharging the Functions of Office; and that the Attack directed against the Person of our Sovereign Lord the King, on his Way to and from the House of Lords, at the Opening of the present Session of Parliament, has afflicted the Petitioners with deep Cohcern; but, while their Indignation rises at such atrocious Proceedings, they must confess that they feel no less Indignation at the Unbounded Stretch of Despotic Power which Ministers have attempted to arrive at in COnssequence

St

thereof, by bringing Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against all treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings; and which the Petitioners' think, are most flagrant Infringements upon their Rights as Englishmen: The Petitioners believe it to be their Duty to assert the sacred and inviolable Privilege of Britons to take into their serious Consideration every Measure which affects their Liberty; and therefore beg Leave to state their Apprehensions of the Danger likely to result from the said Bills — They appear to the Petitioners to implicate, by a singular and cruel Policy, a whole Nation in the atrocious Attempts of a few unprincipled Villains; the Petitioners must, therefore, as bound by every Principle of Honour and Virtue, every Thing dear to themselves and their Posterity, humbly remonstrate against the House passing . the said' Bills into Law, as, besides the Circumstances above stated, they conceive them to counteract the most sacred Principles of et free Government and a happy Constitution.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitant Petition in Householders, residing within the Borough of Lewes, favour of the was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition from certain Individuals (many Majesty's of whom are not Housekeepers) assembled in the Person' &<.; Town Hall of Lewes, and stiling themselves the loyal and for pre-inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Lewes, and the '.enti"S Svdi-Two adjoining Parishes of the Cliff and Southerner, against the passing of the Bills, now depending in Parliament, for better securing His Majesty's Person, and, for more effectually preventing seditious Assemblies, having been lately presented to the House, the Petitioners consider themselves bound to state to the House, that the Assembly, so held at the Town HaH, was convened by the Constables of Lewes (whose Jurisdiction is only co-extensive with the Borough) at so short a Notice as that many of the Petitioners were deprived of an Opportunity of attending it:

That some of the Petitioners attended such Meeting for the Purpose of moving an Adjournment to a future Day, in order to give the rest of the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the Borough, an Opportunity of delivering their Sentiments on the Subjects proposed to be discussed, but such Motion was negatived: The Petitioners therefore protest against the Petition, so presented as aforesaid, to the House, verily believing that the same does not contain the real Sense of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Lewes: Remembering, with Horror, the late atrocious Attack on the Person of the best of Kings, and dreading lest the Poison of Sedition, which bad Men industriously disseminate, should operate to the Overthrow of our happy Constitution, the Petitioners are anxious for the Adoption of such Measures as may preserve the King from Personal Danger, and the Constitution from Destruction: That the Petitioners know the

Value of rational and genuine Liberty, and feel that the Essence and true Spirit of it are only to be preserved by wholesome Restraints on the Seditious and the Profligate; they deprecate the Evils of Licentiousness, and the Horrors of Anarchy; they rely, with Confidence, on the Wisdom of Parliament, to frame such Laws as the Exigencies of the Times require, and that no greater Restraints will be imposed on natural Liberty than are necessary for the general Good: The Petitioners therefore humbly pray, That the House will, with regard to each of the Bills above specified, do that which, in their Wisdom, shall appear to be most conducive to the Safety and Welfare of our King and Country.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemeh, Clergy, Petition Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of against D* Surrey, was also presented to the House, and read; u,lls*

Setting

36 GeO. III. 3° Decembris. 17

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Two Bills are now depending in Parliament, the one professing to be for the better Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, the other, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, by which' Bills, as the Petitioners understand and believe, considerable Alterations are to be made in the Laws relative to treasonable or seditious Libels, and in the Punishments attached to those Offences, and unusual Restraints are to be laid On the undoubted Right of the Subject to petition His Majesty, or either House of Parliament, not only for the Redress of Grievances, but to express their Opinion upon any Public Measure whatsoever, and that these Bills are founded on a Presumption^ unsupported by any Proof, and which the Petitioners believe to be utterly groundless, that the Laws in being ate insufficient for the Punishment of the Offences in Question: That it appears to the Petitioners, that, if the Conduct, Proceedings, or Debates, of any popular Meetings, assembled for the Purpose of preparing Petitions to His Majesty, or to either House of Parliament, are to be subjected to the Discretion of Magistrates appointed by the Crown, or of any other Individuals, who shall be authorized to interrupt such Debates, and to put an End to such Meetings, at any Moment, and for any Reason, which they may think, or pretend to think, sufficient, the Right of Petitioning will be, in Fact, taken away from the People, and along with it the principal Security which the Constitution allows and provides for all the other Rights of the Subject: The Petitioners therefore most humBly and earnestly entreat the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and not to yield to any Innovations which, on the pretended Ground of particular Offences, induce a general Forfeiture of Rights the most important to the Freedom of foe People and to the Security of the Constitution, ot suffer any Bill to pass into a Law, by which it shall be proposed to apply rigorous and unusual Punishments to any Offences, for which the existing Laws, if duly administered, would be a sufficient Restraint, or to invade or impair the Right of Petition in the Subject, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Petition in A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, Common Coun-BalTf rthe* CIH an(* ot^er loyal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Safetyof His Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was also pre- Majesty's senfed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Person, &c.; foe Petitioners^ observing, with Indignation, the Spirit and for Innovation, and the Licentiousness of the Times,

SediUousK think it necessary that all true Friends to their King Meetings. and Country should stand forth in Defence and Support thereof,' arid express their Abhorrence and Detestation at the insidious' and seditious Practices and audacious Attempts that hdve been so recently made against His Majesty's Person and Government: That the Petitioners highly approve of the Two Bills, now before tire House, for suppressing that Spirit of Sedition and Licentiousness, and for the Protection of our much loved Sovereigns Person; Bills, which foe Petitioners conceive none but the disaffected to our King and excellent Constitution can disapprove of, and the Effects of which can be felt only by such Persons: Impressed With these Sentiments, the Petitioners humbly pray. That the said Bills, now pending before the House, may speedily pass into Laws.

Petition A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders

BC* and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in Yorkshire, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Two Bills which have been brought into the House, one intituled, An Act for the Preservation of His Majesty's Person j and the other, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; cannot but be considered by the Petitioners as subversive of the Privileges which were secured to them by the Bill of Rights: And Vol. 51.

under this Impression, feeling the most serious Apprehensions, the Petitioners humbly entreat, That the said Bills may not pass into Laws.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders and Petitions Inhabitants of the County of Suffolk, was also presented "S*10*1 the to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the SafetyoflTis Petitioners approach the House with Sentiments of Majesty's unfeigned Attachment to the Principles of the Con- Person, ike.; stitution established by the glorious Resolution of 1688: 40(1 for. That the Petitioners have seen, with Indignation, the s^iUkms^ Principles of that Constitution violated by the atro- Meetings cious Insult lately offered to the Person of His Majesty; but that the Petitioners view, with the most serious Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, foe one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditions Practices and Attempts; foe other, An Act for foe more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: the obvious Tendency of which is to invest the Magistrates with new and arbitrary Powers; to introduce new penal Laws and constructive Treasons; and to build, on the Ruins of our dearest Rights, a System incompatible with any free Constitution whatever: That the Petitioners consider the said Bills as unnecessary, impolitic, and unconstitutional; unnecessary, because the existing Laws are adequate as well to the Detection as to foe-Punishment of Offenders; impolitic, because they will lessen that Confidence which should subsist between the People and their Representatives, and that Respect which is due to the Magistrates and the Laws; and unconstitutional, because they tend to frustrate the Provisions of the Bill of Rights, to deprive the People of the Privileges of Petition and Remonstrance, to preventl the House from being informed of the Wishes of its Constituents, to extend foe influence of the Executive Power, and, by restraining the Constitutional Exercise of Political Discussion, to surrender into its Hands the Bulwarks of popular Liberty: And therefore the Petitioners most humbly entreat foe House, not to permit the said Bills to become the Laws of the Realm — That the Petitioners, convinced that foe present Apprehensions of Public Danger arise more from the Continuance of a disastrous War than from any other Cause, are of Opinion that foe Restoration of Peace, by lessening the Public Burthens,- wilt better tend to allay popular Discontent than' foe most coercive Regulations; they1 therefore humbly hope, that foe House will use its best Exertions to obtain a Termination of Hostilities as foe most certain Means of preserving internal Tranquillity.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cambridge, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, zealously attached to the Laws and Institutions of their Forefathers, and determined to resist every Innovation on the fundamental Principles of foe Constitution established at the glorious Resolution, have heard, with the utmost Surprize and Consternation, of the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, severally intituled, An Act for foe Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and, An Act for preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That, conceiving these Bills, by obstructing the free Discussion of Public Measures in free and public Meetings of the People, to be subversive of the ancient and indubitable Rights of the Subjects of this Realm, they do most earnestly implore the House, That the said Bills may not pass into Laws.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town of Rye, in the County of Sussex, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners value Civil and Religious Liberty as the choicest of Blessings; zealous therefore for its

Preservation,

Petition in avour of the Sills for the iafety of His Majesty's >erson, tS:c.; nd for pre-enting iedi lions i lee tings.

176 3 () Decembris. . 1795.

Preservation, do hereby unanimously come forward to present their humble Petition to the House against Two Bills, now pending, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other. An Act for preventing seditious Meetings; Bills, in the Petitioners Apprehension, inimical to the Rights of , and

also an Infringement on the Bill of Rights, which allows the Subjects of this Land the Liberty of meeting together for the Purpose of free Discussion on Matters relative to Government: That the Petitioners abhor the late atrocious Outrage and Insult offered to His Majesty's Person in His Way to and from Parliament, and are happy in His Escape from such flagitious Attempts; yet they do conceive that the present existing I^aws, if properly enforced, are sufficient to secure His Majesty's Person from Outrage and Insult, and also to preserve the Constitution inviolate, and that raising fresh Alarms of Treason and Sedition, and enacting more severe Laws, will not, in the Petitioners Opinion, more effectually guard the Life of the Sovereign, or preserve the Constitution; they hope, therefore, that the Subjects of this Land of Liberty meeting peaceably to discuss on, or state their Grievances to the Legislature, will never, by any Law of this Kingdom, be considered as seditious or unconstitutional, so as to expose the Subject to new Penalties; but those Bills, if suffered to pass into a Law, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, tend to a Deprivation of those indubitable Rights, to the Enjoyment of which every Briton has an inherent and legal Claim: The Petitioners therefore most heartily beseech the House, as Guardians of British Liberty, to prevent those Bills passing into a Law; and they further most earnestly entreat the House, as Lovers of their Country, to use their utmost Efforts to terminate the present calamitous and disastrous War.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Plymouth and its Vicinity, convened by Public Notice from the Worshipful the Mayor of the said Town, and assembled at the Guildhall of the same on the 30th Day of November 1795, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, confiding in the Wisdom of Parliament for taking such Measures as might best tend to the Security of His Majesty's Person, and the Constitution of this Kingdom, were willing to have silently awaited the Result of its Deliberations on those interesting Subjects; but, having seen certain printed Resolutions of a Meeting held in the Long Room at Stonehouse on the 23d Day of November, purporting to be the Resolutions of the Inhabitants of PlymouthPlymouth Dock, and Stonehouse, in which Resolutions Two Bills, now pending in Parliament, the one for the Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the other for preventing seditious Meetings, are severely reprobated, not only as completely subversive of the Principles of the Constitution, but as absolutely needless, think it incumbent upon them to disavow those Sentiments, being themselves of Opinion, that the Provisions of those Bills, both in their Design and probable Operation (being hostile only to the licentious Abuse of our Constitutional Privileges) are therefore friendly to a just, rational, and honest Liberty: That, though the Necessity of new Restrictions is, no Doubt,. to be lamented, yet Laws must conform to Exigencies; that therefore the extraordinary Licentiousness which has of late prevailed, in disseminating the Principles and Doctrines of Sedition and Disaffection, has itself created the Necessity of extraordinary Restraints: That the late atrocious Insult on the King's Majesty in His Way to the House of Parliament, which the Petitioners cannot forbear connecting, in their own Minds, with those Principles and Doctrines, has sounded a dreadful Alarm to every true Friend of the Constitution,

and exacts of the Legislature, its faithful Guardian, correspondent Measures of Vigilance and Vigour for its Protection, and for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government: And therefore, under the Impression of these Sentiments, the Petitioners pray the House to adopt such Provisions as to their Wisdom shall appear best calculated for the Attainment of those great Ends.

A Petition of the Burgesses and other Inhabitants of Pet,t*on |r* the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the County for

of Staff ord, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was preventing also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Seditious That it is with the deepest Concern, die Petitioners are Meetings, persuaded, as well from daily Observation as from the Reports of the Two Houses of Parliament during the last Session, that there has been, and still exists, an internal and traitorous Conspiracy, threatening the vital Interests of these Realms; a Conspiracy the more formidable, as its Approaches have been systematical and regular, branching out into various Classes and Societies united by secret League and Correspondence, and acting in Concert for the more effectual Propagation of the same seditious Principles: By these Schools and Seminaries of Disloyalty, more dangerous from the Union than the Number of their Members, who exert, in the Prosecution of their Designs, a Zeal and Activity, which might be creditable in a better Cause, those inflammatory Writings have been lately issued, and those intemperate Harangues at Public Meetings been encouraged, which, if not restrained by the Wisdom of Parliament, the Petitioners apprehend may go well nigh the Ruin of our Constitution both in Church and State: That the Petitioners are the more convinced of the imminent Dangers of such Societies, from attending to the intimate and visible Connection between the Tendency of their Principles, and the late atrocious and desperate Attack upon the Person of their most gracious Sovereign: Feeling, moreover, that the Prevention of Crimes is more to be wished for than the Punishment of Offenders, the Petitioners observe, with Satisfaction, that the Vigilance of Parliament is wisely occupied in providing against those extensive and complicated Dangers, by the salutary Precautions of the Bill, now pending, for preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: In the Adoption of such timely and wise Precautions, the Petitioners are convinced that there is no essential Departure from the Spirit of the Constitution, or the Usage of our Ancestors; they recognize in it that saving Wisdom, which, by an Alteration of Parts maintains Consistency in the Whole, and deviates from Forms to preserve Essentials; they reject, with Indignation, that narrow-minded Policy which, in Times pregnant with Alarm, would refuse to the Executive Power additional temporary Sanctions and Securities proportionate to the Exigency of the Danger; and they trust that the Bill, now proposed to the Consideration of the House, a Bill which secures to the good Citizen the Exercise of his legal Rights, whilst it is a Curb upon the disloyal and seditious Subject, will be found adequate, as they are persuaded it is necessary, for the Remedy of the Evil: They pray therefore, That it may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freemen and Petition Electors of the Borough of Lancaster, residing in and B^n^rth^. near the City of London, was also presented to the venting House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, Seditious with unfeigned Sorrow and Indignation, have heard of Meetings; the late Insult and Outrage committed upon His Safe[°r0fHjs Majesty, and beg Leave to express their Detestation of, Majesty's and Horror at, the Conduct of those who were engaged Person, &c. in sodaring and unprecedented an Attempt: At the same Time the Petitioners view, with no less Sorrow and Apprehension, the Two Bills, now depending in the House, the one intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies;.

. the

Petition respecting Seditious Meetings,&c.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

36 Geo. III. 3°

177

the other, an Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; which Bills, if passed into Laws, the Petitioners conceive, will prevent those Discussions of Public Affairs, without which the Right of Petitioning, declared by the Bill of Rights to be the undoubted Privilege of the People of England, must be unavailing, and will introduce Innovations into the ancient Laws respecting High Treason, the breaking the Boundaries of whiyh, wherever it has been done, has, by various Vicissitudes and Resolutions, mischieved all Parties, first or last, and left a great Unquietness and Unsettledness in the Minds of the People, and has been the Occasion of great Unhappiness, both to the King and Nation: The Petitioners cannot therefore remain silent on so important an Occasion, but submit to the House their Fears of what may be the Consequence, to the Happiness' of the State, if those extraordinary' Laws be enacted: And humbly pray. That the said Bills may not be passed into Laws.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of gate, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel the deepest Indignation and Abhorrence at the late most abominable Outrage on His Majesty's Person, and most earnestly hope the Perpetrators thereof will soon meet the Punishment justly due to so desperately criminal an Offence: That the Petitioners have observed also, with great Concern, the Attempts that have been made to disturb the Public Tranquillity, by various seditious Meetings and Publications, which have lately multiplied in the Metropolis and its Environs, obviously tending to poison the Minds of the People, and excite them to Acts of Outrage and Disorder; and the Petitioners cannot help expressing their Concern and Surprize at an Attempt to pass a Censure on the Conduct of John William Anderson, Esquire, Alderman of their Ward, in a Petition presented to the House, purporting to be from their said Ward; whereat the Petitioners beg to assure the House, that the Duties of a Magistrate have never been on every Occasion, more ably or honourably performed than by their present said Magistrate: The Petitioners therefore humbly entreat the House to adopt such Measures, for a limited Time, as, in their Wisdom, shall be deemed most expedient for the better Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and for preventing all tumultuous and seditious Meetings.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, and County of Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Parish have been, in all Ages, distinguished for their Attachment to the Crown, and for their Regard to the Constitution: That on the late atrocious Attack on the Person of His Majesty, the Petitioners were ready in testifying their Indignation at the daring Attempt, and their Gratitude to the King of Kings for preserving a Life so dear to every loyal Heart: That, influenced by these Principles of Constitutional Loyalty and Patriotism, the Petitioners view with great Alarm Two Bills introduced into the House, the first intituled, A Bill for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the second, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That, in the former, they see, with the most serious Concern, a Revival of those Attempts to increase the Catalogue of Treasons which were made in former Ages by weak and arbitrary Administrations, with equal Danger to the Safety of the Monarch, and the Liberty of the Subject; but which a wiser Policy constantly restricted by recurring to the only beneficial Statute on that Subject, a Statute sanctioned by the Experience of more than Four hundred Years — that

Vol. 51.

of the Twenty-fifth of Edward the Third: That the Petitioners consider the second Bill as subversive of the Fifth Article of the Bill of Rights, of that solemn Compact made at the Resolution, between the King and the People, for the Establishment of the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of this Country, which acknowledges the Right of Subjects to petition, and declares all Commitments and Prosecutions for such petitioning illegal: That, above all, the Petitioners are apprehensive that the present Uneasiness may be traced to a higher Cause than that which is represented as productive of Public Danger; they therefore implore the House, as Citizens, as Christians, and as Men, to take into their most serious Consideration the Circumstances of a War, which, whatever Difference of Opinion may exist on its Principles, must be acknowledged to have been ill conducted in its Progress, and calamitous and ruinous in its Consequences — That, conceiving the Restoration of Peace to be better calculated to allay the Public Discontents, by diminishing the Public Burthens, than the most coercive Regulations, they humbly hope that the House will urge the Necessity of treating with the Executive Power of France, under whatever Form it may be established, on safe and honourable Terms: And, particularly, as the more immediate Object of this Address, they most earnestly entreat. That the Bills, which they deprecate, may not receive the Sanction of the House.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kilsyth, in the County of Stirling, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it is the sacred and inviolable Right of every Briton to meet and deliberate freely on any Public Measure, particularly on what concerns their Rights and Liberties, as settled at the Resolution in 1688 .-.Under the Influence of these Principles, the Petitioners feel their Hearts beat, with the most painful Emotions, when they reflect that the Bill now pending in Parliament, intituled, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; is in its Nature evidently calculated to deprive us of the very Essence of these our invaluable Privileges: Along with the genuine Friends of Liberty and Order, the Petitioners abhor and detest all Irregularities and Excess, and mark, with Detestation, the late Insult offered to His Majesty, and are impressed with the deepest Sorrow, when they recollect that the Act of a few Individuals should be made a Pretext, by designing Ministers, to criminate the whole Nation, and bring it under the Bondage of the most oppressive Tyranny: The Petitioners therefore entreat that this, their humble Petition, may be taken into the most serious Consideration of the House, and, for the Sake of their Lives and Liberties, they pray, That the said destructive Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) fot the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

[Mr. Sheridan, j

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr. Whitbread, Ju-J- 51.

[ nior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read., the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to he added to the Z z Bill,

Petition against the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings, read the Third Tiinew

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, Ac.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Bill for preventing

Seditious

Meetings,

passed.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, Ac. deferred.

178

3° 4° De

A. 1795,

BUI, by Way of Ryder, that the same may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Payment to a Schoolmaster shall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admission to Lectures within the Meaning of this Act

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 20. After " Discourses" to insert shall " be delivered, or public Debate " shall be had."

1. 25. To leave out from " Kingdoms" to " for," in 1. 27.

Pr. 18. 1. 4. After " aforesaid " to insert " knowing such House, Room, Field,

" or Place to be opened or used " for such Purpose."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendments following were also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 7. To leave out " for Three Years"

and insert " until the 25th Day " of March 1797" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " for Three Years" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

A Petition of the Weavers and others, Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, who were prevented from signing the Petition presented to the House against the Two Bills now pending in Parliament, on Account of the Shortness of the Time allowed for that Purpose, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg leave to represent to the House the great Concern they feel for the Prosperity of the Nation and the Liberty of British Subjects: and, being alarmed at the Bills now pending in Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government against seditious and treasonable Attempts; the other, An Act for die more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; which Bills, in the Petitioners Apprehension, Btrike at the Root of British Freedom, by depriving the Subject of his dearest Rights, the liberty of free Discussion: They humbly pray, That the House will not permit the said Bills to pass into a Law, the existing Laws being, in the Petitioner's Opinion, fully adequate for the Security of His Majesty's Person, the Preservation of good Government, and the Happiness of the People.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, " for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or " Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort " of Gram, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the " Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for " Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes;

And the House having continued to sit till near Three of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Report

Supply,

deferred.

Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, See. deterred.

Veneris, 4° die Decanhris;

Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Slopford reported to the House, Answers to That their Address of Friday last (returning His Addresses. Majesty the Thanks of the House for His gracious Message, and for his tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in the Communication which He hath been pleased to make to this House of the Reason for putting Colonel Cawthorne in Arrest) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House,

That their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Fronds Armesley reported from the Committee, Alvescot to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Ipclosure the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Blll, reportti Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, v ithin the Manor and Parish of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bilb of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fbuud the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; mid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Petition of Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called BUauw's Maria Ann Blaauw, was presented to the House, and Nat. Petition.

° ' read;

36 Geo. III.

4° Deccmbris.

179

Dean Forest Roads Bill, presented.

Cranford

Bridge,

Slough, &c.

Roads,

Petition,

reported.

a -

5

r*

«is'

Blaauw s Nat. Bill, presented.

read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and bring in the same.

commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Azure, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fisher, from the Account* Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Money issued issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses pursuant to of the House of Commons, and which have not been Addre~8cs-made good by Parliament

Mr. Ftsher also, from the Exchequer, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Distribution of the Money granted Distribution by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for SfT.ote of enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of 2,500,000 /. for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Money issued

Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the 11,8 on'lc

To discharge Bills drawn

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Three several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Robert Coles being examined, said, That the Trustees have made a Progress in the amending the Roads comprised in the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, of which the Sum of 1,000l. still remains due: And the Witness farther said, the said Money so remaining due cannot be re-paid, nor the said Roads be completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlaced.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham: And that Sir William Young, Field Marshal Sir George

Howard, and the Earl of Inchiquin, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Mohies Issued to -

very, Esquire, to enable him to discharge Bills drawn by Commissary Palmer at New South Wales, for the 1>al‘ Use of that Settlement, and for other Expences incurred me" on Account of the Convicts there, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies issued in consequence of For the the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not.

been made good by Parliament: And also, r' ,ng8'

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills Exchequer made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session Bill»made of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes " therein mentioned:" And also,

An Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Sum* want-Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3 /. 1 or. per ins {oT

Formaintaining Con\icts.

under Vote of Credit Act.

Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Princfpal g^^Ealt Ro-

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, You 51.

Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due rida Sufferers, on the loth Day of October 1795, on the several Orders made out, pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons as furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, Ac. Ac. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with the Sum of 6/. 5 s. per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on tho 10th Day of October 1796, after the same Rate of 3/. 10^. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

rar

4° Decembris.

A. 1795.

Issues on Addresses.

Disposition of Vote of Credit.

j

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied to the Payment of Pensions to such Persons as have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America

To him more, to pay Bills drawn by Senhouse Wilson, Esquire, for Materials for re-building the Pier and Light House at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Mann

To Isaac De Mattos, in Consideration of 100 /. subscribed by him for Annuities on Lives, by Act 29th Geo. III. and which became forfeited by his omitting to deliver into the Exchequer, before 10th October 1790, a Certificate of the Name of his Nominee -

To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons ——

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

£. s. d. 16,500 ——

>,137 5 6

50 ——

1,057 12 6 1,591 8 6

1,800 ——

To Samuel Dunn, Esquire, for defraying the Expences of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons ——

300 ——

22,436 6 6

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Account of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder and Thomas Steele, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Guards, &c. ——

To them more, to pay Bills drawn on Claude Scott, Esquire ——

To William Smith, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster of His Majesty's Office of Ordnance

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Account of the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy -

£. s. d.

2,200,000 ——

88,626 18 1

40,000 ——

>71,373 > >1

2,500,000 ——

Exchequer,

the 4th Day of December 1795. Fisher,

36 Geo. III.

4 Decembris.

181

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan , Esquire, for the Expence of

confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Two Thousand Nine hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795*

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued to William , Esquire, to enable him to discharge Bills

drawn by Commissary Palmer at New South Wales, for the Use of that Settlement, and for other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts there, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, to enable him to discharge Bills drawn by Commissary Palmer at New South Wales, for the Use of that Settlement, and for other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts there, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Three Thousand Eight hundred and Fourteen Pounds Eight Shillings.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795.

James Usher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Monies issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Albany Wallis and Richard Troward, Esquires, who were appointed by the Committee s.

of the House of Commons, Solicitors for carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire ----- ----- ---- 5,000-

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795-

James Fisher.

Vol. 51.

3 A

Maintaining

Convicts.

Bills

drawn by Mr. Palmer.

Prosecution of Mr. Hastings.

182

4° Decembris.

A,. 1795

;l

‘I

Maintaining

Convicts.

Exchequer Bills.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of

maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Hurbours, &c. and which have not beef made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Four Thousand Two hundred Seventy-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five "hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1795, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth- and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, forgiving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons as furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which w ill become due on the ,5th Day of April 1796, together with the Sum of 61. 5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 1 oth Day of October 1796, after the same Rate of 3/. 105. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

' D

CQ

N

CD

CL

CT

American Claims.

Principal to be paid off.

Interest.

Total.

TOTALS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. ioj. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 1 oth Day of October 1795, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with 61. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

D°, - - - which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1796 ——

£. s. d.

88.340 12 6

88.340 12 6

£. s. d.

3,091 18 5i

U545 19

£- s. d.

91,432 10 11 Y1 89,886 u 8 ij

£. s. d. 181,319 2 8

East Florida Claims.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with 61. 5 s.per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order -D*, - - - which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1796 ——

American Claims.

8.031 5 —

8.031 5 —

281 1 101 8,312 6 10 n

140 10 11 i 8,171 15 u

16,484 2 9*

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with 61. 5 s. per Cent, of the

Principal Sum contained in each Order - -

D®, - - - which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1796 ——

22.943 15 —

22.943 15 —

2,409 1 101 25,352 16 10 2,007 6* 24,951 6

50,304 3 5i

East Florida Claims.

The Amount of the SumB that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 1 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with 61. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order -D®, - - - which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1796 ——

1.406 5 —

1.406 5 —

Exchequer, the 4th Day of December 1795.

James Fisher.

147 13 1

123 — n T

1,553 18

1,529 5

1 h

11 T

3,083 4 — 251,190 12 11*

s?> P 3

c 2

=r*

3 => 2

00

36 Geo. III. 4° Decembris.

Petition in favour of the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, &c. by the Post, ordered.

Poor Relief Bill, committed.

Petition in ‘avour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; md for preventing Sedi-:ious Meetings.

184

4° Decembris. A. 1795.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, with inexpressible Anxiety, the frequency of seditious Meetings and Assemblies within these Kingdoms, and conceive that to the Fermentation Excited in the Public Mind by such Assemblies may be justly imputed the late atrocious, but happily unsuccessful, Attempt on the Life of our beloved Sovereign; and that the Petitioners have learnt, with infinite Satisfaction, that a Bill has been brought into the House for the Purpose of preventing such Seditious Conventions, which, should they be permitted, would indisputably operate to the Introduction of Anarchy and Confusion, and to the Destruction of all Order and good Government within these Realms: That the Petitioners are under no Apprehension lest the Bill, now before the House, should at all interfere with the just Rights and Liberties of His Majesty's Subjects; and they rely, with full Confidence, on the Wisdom and Integrity of the Legislative Body: And humbly pray, That the most effectual Measures may be taken, by a Law' enacted for that Purpose, that the late tumultuous Proceedings, wdiich have disgraced this Country, may be suppressed, and that the treasonable Designs of Faction may be disappointed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain: And that Mr. Bernard, Sir William Young, and Mr. Garthshore, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws " relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Rye, and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Permission humbly to intrude on the most serious Deliberations of the House, and to express their Hopes and Prayer, That the Two Bills now pending in Parliament, the one intituled, A Bill for the Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, the other, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; so necessary, in their Opinion, to the Safety of His Majesty's Person, Crowm, and Dignity,

and to the Protection of the existing Government of this Country, may pass into a Law: That the Peti- , tioners, having full and entire Confidence in the Wis- dom and Loyalty of the House, should not have presumed to have offered their Opinions or Petition, had not a Petition from several of the Inhabitants of the said Town been obtained, by Misrepresentation, against the said Bills, and without any Public Notice having been given of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from Bill to pre-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ventObstruc-to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, lhe

and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom, was oTGnLhTTc. committed. reported.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, by His Accounts Majesty's Command, presented.

An Account of Monies issued from His Majesty's Money issued Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, for Services between the 5th Day of January 1795 and the 1 oth Abroad-Day of October following: And also,

An Account of Money issued to John French Re-

Esquire, et al. on Account of the suffering Refugee fegees Clergy and Laity of France: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, American Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Sufferers. Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government: And also,

An Account of Money issued to John Vernon, Prosecutions Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, for Prosecutions, &c. &c. relating relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 101116 Com. 1792, 1793, and 1794: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Edward Blackstock, journals of Esquire, for printing the Thirty-second and Thirty-third the House of Volumes of the Journals of the House of Peers: And p«er»-also,

An Account of Money issued to Richard Whalley The Returns Bridgman, Clerk to the Grocers Company, at the of the Ave-Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil j?8* ^nce ot List Revenues, for making up, and publishing, in The ugar' London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to the Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty: And also,

An Account of Money issued to George Whittam, Attendants et al. for Attendance on the Committee for making the on Commit-Approach to both Houses of Parliament more commo- tee*' dious; and other Services: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Mr. Samuel Gunnell, for his Attendance upon the Committee appointed to enquire into the Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Franking Letters in the Public Offices.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; vix.

An

36 Ueo. lil

4" JJecembris

135

Av ACCOUNT of the Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Service* Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1795 and the 10th Day of October following. abroad.

To His Majesty's Secretaries of State, One hundred and Forty-eight Thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

4th December 1795. Charles Long.

Aw ACCOUNT of Money issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Robert Banks Jenkinson, Esquire, Sir William French Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalf, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Refugeos. Refugee Clergy and Laity of France, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

For the Support, Clothing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Clergy of France ——

For the Support, Clothing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Laity of France ——

To be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the Magistracy of France ——

To be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of the Land Service in France

£. s. 54,000 ——

18,000 ——

4,750 ——

goo — —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 4th December 1795.

77,550 ——

Charles Long.

Ah ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of American

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service: Sufferers.

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - - - £. 17,500 ——

22d April 1795 -20th July -5th October 21st D*

Times when issued

- £. 5,500 ——

5.500 ——

1,000 — —

5.500 ——

£.17,500 — —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

4th December 1795. Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to John Vernon, Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, at the Receipt coin Prose-of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service: cutions.

»795- . _

May 30th. Towards discharging the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions,

&c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 1792, 1793, .

and 1794.....£. 1,811 12 2

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

4th December 1795. Charles Long.

Vol. 51.

3 B

Ah

4" Decembr♦

A. 1795

Journals of House of Peers.

Returns of Prices of Sugar.

om

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Edward Blackstock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service:

J/95-

2d June. For printing Volume 32*, containing the Manuscript Journals of the House of Peers, of the Years 1768, 1769, and 1770 - - - -,

For printing Volume 33*, containing the Journals of the House of Peers, of the Years 1771, 1772, and 1773 -

£ s. d. 75 Jo —

88 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

163 10 — 21 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 4th December 1795.

y

184 10 ---

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Richard IVh Clerk to the Grocer's Company, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services:

*795-27th July.

22d August.

On his Allowance, at the Rate of 200l. per Annum, for the Years 1793 and 1794, for making up and publishing in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty -

ToExpences of Advertisements for same Time-To - D* - of Office, Coals, Candles, Books, Stationary, & c. for same Time ——

To D* incurred by him before the passing of the said Act ——

To Two Clerks, on their Allowance of 40/. per Annum, each, for the Years 1793 and 1794 -

£. 400 ——

90 ——

150 ——

12 10 6

160 ——

812 10 6

To pay the Fees and Charges attepding the Receipt

thereof - - - 71 5 6

On his Allowance, at the Rate of 200l. per Annum, for making up and publishing in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for One Year, to the 5th Day

of July 1795 - £.200 — —

To Expences of Advertisements for same Time - - - 45 ——

To - D° - of Office, Coals, Candles, Books, Stationary, &c.

for same Time - - 75 ——

To Two Clerks, on their Allowance of 401, per Annum each,

for the same Time.....- 80 ——

£ s. d.

883 16 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

400 ——

50 11 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 4th December 1795.

450 11 —

J>334 7

Charles

An

36 Gbo, III.

4° Decembris.

187

Committee of Supply.

Estimates of Ordinary and Extra of Navy, referred.

Aw ACCOUNT of Money issued to George Whittam, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services:

Attendance on Committees.

1795*

29th July. To Mr. George Whittam, for Attendance on the Committee for making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more commodious, and on the Committee for Commercial Credit ——

To Mr. Henry Gunnell, for Attendance on the Committee relative to Imprisonment for Debt - -

To Mr. Arthur Benson, for Attendance on the Committee relative to Recognizances, and on that respecting the Taxation of Costs under the Election Act ——

To Mr. William Evatt, for Attendance on the Newfoundland Committee ——

To him more, for attending on several public Committees, from 1786 to *79»....

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 4th December 1795.

Charles Long.

£. s. d.

95 4 —

28 18 —

19 19 —

109 5 —

107 9 —

356 5 —

28 2 —

Tj- ! CO CO 7 ~

Aw ACCOUNT of Money Issued to Mr. Samuel Gunnell, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Ditt0*

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service:

1795-

29th October. For his Attendance upon the Committee appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Franking Letters in the Public Offices ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

£. J. d.

47 5 —

4 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 4th December 1795.

Charles Long.

51 5 —

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 51.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That, they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr . Hobartalso acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered,

A. 1795.

188

4° Decembris.

AVays and Means deferred.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, &c. deferred.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited " Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from " Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, " or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home " Consumption, on Payment of Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Petition in A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of favour of the Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to Sat'etf° of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-I^ Majesty's loners, impressed with the highest Veneration for that Person, Ac.; Constitution under which this Nation has so long ami for pre- happily flourished, beg Leave to approach the House tiousMeet-1* firmest Reliance on its Wisdom, Integrity,

iilfcr3 and Firmness, in the Preservation and Protection of

their dearest Rights and Liberties: That the Petitioners, were struck with the greatest Horror at the late atrocious Attempt on the Life of the best of Sovereigns, an Attempt evidently connected with, and springing from those abominable Principles so openly and daringly avowed by wicked and desperate Persons, who, associating together, under the specious Pretence of reforming the Government, and who, abusing the sacred Names of Liberty and Patriotism, aim only at the Destruction of our glorious and happy Constitution, and the Introduction of Anarchy and Confusion: That, under these Impressions, the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Approbation of the Principle of the Bills, now before Parliament, for the Prevention of Treasons and Seditious Meetings, convinced that the Restrictions proposed by them are calculated for the Protection of the Life of the Sovereign, and the inestimable Rights and Liberties of Englishmen, and will be felt as a Grievance only by those whose Principles and Attempts are treasonable and hostile to the Welfare of their Country: And therefore praying, That the said Bills may pass into Laws.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the

Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which, upon Wednesday last, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Extraordina- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ries of the That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Six hun-

Army. dred and Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and

Ninety Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the

25th Day of December 1794 to the 14th Day of November 1795. both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Six hundred and " Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety " Pounds," and inserting the Words " Three hundred " and Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six " Pounds" instead thereof;

And the Question being put. That the Words " Six " hundred and Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and " Ninety Pounds" stand part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

74-

28.

{Mr. Secretary at'

War,

Mr. Steele:

Tellers for the Noes, {cenSd

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of all Sums of Money that have been issued relating to for the Erection of Barracks in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, specifying the Places in which such Barracks have been erected, and the Sums expended upon each, and for providing Bedding, Furniture, and Utensils, for the same; from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of December 1795; together with an Account of all Sums of Money due upon the same Account; and also, an Estimate of the Sums necessary for completing such Barracks as are now building, or are intended to be built.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Names of all Barrack Masters, and other Officers, with their respective Salaries and Emoluments, which have been appointed to superintend the said several Barracks, built or intended to be built.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Month, on Account of the Illness Absence, of a near Relation.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Freeholders of Petition Yorkshire, was presented to the House, and read; Set- ting forth, That, by the Fifth Article of the Bill of safety of Rights, the People of this Land are entitled to the His Majesty's Privileges of free Discussion, and free Petition to the Person, &c.; Legislature — those Rights, like every other Political Right, are liable to be abused; but, if they have been tious Meet-abused by any rash and misguided Individuals, the togs. Petitioners conceive, that, for the Fault of a few desperate Persons, the whole People of England ought not, and justly cannot, forfeit those invaluable Privileges, and such Forfeiture would be more especially grievous, when their general Loyalty, their Love of Order and Tranquillity, and their Attachment to the Constitution, are certain and unquestionable: The Petitioners have seen, therefore, with Grief and Astonishment, that Two Bills, one of which is intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other, A Bill for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; have been offered to Parliament by His Majesty's Ministers in the present Session, by which the Petitioners humbly conceive such Restraints are proposed to be laid on the Exercise of our Rights of free Discussion, and free Petition to the Legislature, as would u amount,

30 <jE0. 111.

4 uecemoris.

lOi/

amount, if passed into Laws, to a direct and fatal Vio- Country, to express their Approbation of those Bills, lation of the Bill of Rights. — In the Language of that and to pray that, for a limited Time, they may be memorable Statute our Ancestors, at the iEra of the passed into Laws: That the Petitioners lament the Resolution, did claim, demand, and insist on, each of Necessity (entirely occasioned by the Conduct of the the enumerated Articles as their ancient, and indubi- Seditious) which has rendered this vigorous Interference table Right, and, as such, they were offered, by the of the Legislature indispensably requisite; but trust Two Houses of Parliament, to the Acceptance of his that these Measures will not only prevent a Repe- Majesty King William, and by him they were accepted tition of the late daring Attack upon His Majesty's as the Conditions on which the Royal State and Dig- sacred Person, but also secure Manufactures, Agricul-nity were transferred to him: On the same implied ture, and Commerce, from being disturbed, and preconditions, the Petitioners have ever understood the serve, to latest Posterity, the happy Constitution of

Royal State and Dignity to have been subsequently settled on His present Majesty's illustrious Family; and, as the Rights confirmed in the said Statute have been justly deemed the most sacred Rights of the

Petitions in favour of the

these Kingdoms.

A Petition of the Heritors and Inhabitants of the Petition Town and Parish of Strathaven, in the County of g^'sn^rt|'®e Lanerk, was likewise presented to the House, and read; safet/ofVII* Nation, and have hitherto suffered under the Authority Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to assure Majesty's of Parliament, no Violation, however small in its De- the House of their sincere Attachment to the British Person, &c.; gree, however short in its Duration, the Petitioners Constitution, that genuine Tree of Liberty reared by for. trust, the First Example of any Legislative Infringe- our Forefathers, and under the Shadow of which we swlitious8 ment of these our ancient and indubitable Rights will have so long enjoyed true Liberty and perfect Security Meeting*, not occur during the Reign of our present gracious — Venerating, as the Petitioners sincerely do, our most Sovereign: The Petitioners therefore do most humbly gracious Sovereign, they shudder at the wicked At-petition the House, That the fundamental Laws of the tempt made upon His sacred Person on the First Day Land may remain unchanged; and, particularly, they of the present Session of Parliament, and hope no Pains do most earnestly request, that the Two Bills in question will be wanting to discover, and bring to Punishment, may not pass the House. the daring Perpretrators of the atrocious Act, for which

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- the existing Laws, in the Petitioners humble Opinion, holders, of the County of York, was also presented to are every Way adequate. — Whether that Outrage has Safety"of His the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners been committed by misguided Democrats, starving Aril*..;,^...', observe, in the Votes of the House, that Measures are tizans, or hired Spies, it cannot, in the Petitioners depending in Parliament for the better Security of Opinion, follow as a necessary Consequence, that His His Majesty's Person, and for the more effectual pre- Majesty's other loyal Subjects ought to be deprived of venting Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That the their most sacred Rights of meeting in a peaceable and Petitioners are affected with the most lively Grief orderly Manner to deliberate upon the Measures of and Abhorrence, at the late atrocious Attack on His Government, and petition the Legislature for Redress Majesty's Person when on the Way to and from His of Grievances — Rights secured to them by the Consti-House of Parliament, and hope with Confidence that tution, and such as ought to be held by a surer Tenure the Perpretrators of an Outrage so daring and treason- than the capricious Will of a Magistrate, who may be able may be speedily brought to a condign and exem- either dependant upon, or influenced by, the Servants plary Punishment: That the Petitioners, being con- of the Crown; and as Two Bills are now pending in vinced that the Prosperity and Happiness of the Nation Parliament, which, to the Petitioners, appear to strike are inseparably united with the Safety of His Majesty's at the Root of these sacred Rights, they beg Leave, in Person, entreat that such Laws may be, without Delay, a humble and dutiful Manner, to petition the House, enacted, as the Wisdom of the House shall deem that Measures, so repugnant to the Liberties of Britons, proper for the more ample Security of His Majesty — so subversive of the British Constitution itself, and so That the Petitioners, having witnessed the Evil resulting like the Measures pursued in the bad Times of the to the State from divers ill-disposed Persons convening infatuated Stuarts, may never be sanctioned by the large Assemblies of the People, in which they dis- House, the Guardians of the Rights and Liberties of seminate licentious Principles, destructive of the Order the People: May it therefore please the Wisdom of and the Happiness of Society in general, and subversive the House to prevent those Two Bills from passing into

I13 Bills for the

I »£ Safety of His

Bet Majesty's

Person, &c.;

'* and for

preventing

id Seditious

1 Meetings.

-7 or

m

t

of the Principles of our glorious Constitution, think it necessary that a new Law should be framed to meet this new Emergency, and look up to the Constancy and Wisdom of the House for the Adoption of such Measures as shall effectually prevent the further treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts of the Ill-affected against His Majesty's Government

A Petition of the Merchants, Bankers, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, in the City of,

and Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, desirous to live quietly in the lawful Prosecution of their own immediate Concerns, and to be free from the Agitation which Political Dissentions create, with much Reluctance

Laws.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto Petition from subscribed, being Persons who, with divers others, had certain Per-engaged themselves in a Subscription under the Ma- ®ons w,!° had

00 1 1 r r r, _ __ , engaged in a

nagement and Conduct of James Morgan, of Reusing- Subscription ton, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, for the Pur- for a Loan to pose of making a Loan to the Public of such Money as the Pul, llc' might be wanted for the Public Service, for the ensuing Year, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, for some Time previous to their forming such Subscription, for the Purposes before-mentioned, and prior to the 25th Day of November

obtrude their Opinions upon either Branch of the Legis- last, it was Matter of public Notoriety, that the Money lature; but observing, with Regret, that Two Bills, wanted for the Public Service was to be borrowed

now depending in the House, the one, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable ana seditious Practices and Attempts; the other, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; are laid hold of, by restless and discontented Men, as Pretences for keeping the Public Mind in a State of Alarm, they feel it their Duty, in the present Situation of the Vo t.51.

on a Competition of Offers, whereof the most advantageous for the Public was to be accepted: That this Method was, by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, communicated to the Governor of the Bank of England, as is usual in such Cases, and by him to the said James Morgan', and, in consequence thereof the Petitioners formed to themselves the Plan of becoming Bidders for the Loan: That the said James Morgan

3 C having

ryu

4" — .7" Uecembns. A. 1795.

Motion for reading Orders of the Day withdrawn.

having informed the Chancellor of the Exchequer of his Readiness to treat for the Loan, he was invited to the Treasury on the said 25th Day of November last, which Day was fixed for the Communication of the Nature and Extent of the Loan, in order that the intended Bidders might be fully prepared against the Time fixed for the Bidding, which was the Friday following: That the said James Morgan was then, for the first Time, requested to declare whether he would agree to bid for the Loan, on Condition that the Offer, made by him (should it turn out to be the most advantageous for the Public) should be at the Option of Messrs. Boyd and others, the Contractors for the last Loan, to supersede by offering to advance the Money at a Rate more advantageous to the Public, by Half per Cent, or Ten Shillings on every One Hundred Pounds to be borrowed: That the Petitioners represent that, in their Minds, there cannot exist any good or sufficient Reason why such Preference ought to be given to the Contractors for the last Loan, more especially as they are informed that many of the Persons who furnished the last Loan to Government, as standing on the List of Messrs. Boyd and others, the then Contractors, are not the same Persons as are upon their List for the present Loan; and that, in Case it should appear that any Terms were made on the Contract for the last Loan, those Terms could only apply to the same Persons with whom such Terms were made, or who were liable to be affected thereby: They further represent to the House, that, relying in full Confidence on a fair Competition being allowed in offering to make the Loan to the Public, they have been induced to prepare large Sums of Money, ready to be applied to the Use of the Public, should the Offer, made on their Part, have been found the most advantageous: That the Plan of a Competition being destroyed by the Conditions stipulated in favour of the Contractors for the last Loan, they have been deprived of an Opportunity of making any Bidding for the Loan, which Opportunity, they humbly insist, they were entitled to, as well from the declared Terms of a Competition being allowed, as of the great Benefit to arise to the Country therefrom, whereby the Petitioners have sustained great Injury, not having any Provision made for the Ke-investment of their Money, by them necessarily called in to be prepared to make the usual Deposit, and such Payments as might be fixed for an early Period: That, in regard the Petitioners are advised that the Contracts made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for all Public Loans are upon Condition of the Sanction of Parliament for the Terms thereof: The Petitioners therefore, for the Reasons before stated, most humbly pray the House will not sanction the Contract made with Messrs. Boyd and others for the Loan for the ensuing Year, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, in Support of this their Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

" Good Sense of the People of England; in a Series Author of " of Letters — Letter the First, on the National Character certain " of Englishmen — The Nature of the English Govern- deferred.1' " ment — The Corruptions caused in both by the Introduction of French Principles — The Effects produced " by the Reformation and the Resolution upon Political Principles — The Conduct of the Whig Party — The " Character of the modern Democrats — London, printed " for J. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Committee be revived. Committee

revived.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole g^et"rofe House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, His Majesty i intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Person, &c. Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable con*

and seditious Practices and Attempts, was committed. "

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lwue, 7* die Decembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

TlfARIE Anne Blaauw, commonly called Maria BUanw Ann Blaauw, took the Oaths appointed, in order worn-to her Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Mitchol-the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets of passed. Mitchelmersh, Braishfeld, and Azvb in the Manor and Parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets of Mitchelmersh,

Braishfeld, and Azvbridge, in the Manor and Parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pottgeisser's for naturalizing Petrus Wilhelmus Aloysius Nat-

was read a Second Time. comnu.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sturt, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Consideration Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking t>f Report into further Consideration the Report which was made nUtee m-" from t^le Committee, appointed to inquire who was pointed to the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on nquire who " the English Government — addressed to the Quiet nras the

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Alvescot lathe Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common clo9are Bill, Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, P"8ed-within the Manor and Parish of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Kincardine Roads, and Statute Labour Bill, presented.

Coventry, Warwick, and Martyn'3 Gutter Road Petition, reported.

36 Geo. III. 7° Decembris.

191

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Ahescot, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Allardyce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual die Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to

and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyris Gutter, leading towards Stonleigh Town, and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the then last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and also for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, so far as the said Acts relate to the District of Road from Coventry, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from Coventry to

Martyris Gutter, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Charles Harborne being examined, said, That the Trustees for the said District of Road from Coventry, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyris Gutter, have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution; and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Road kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Acts, and the Powers thereof, be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyris Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, 60 for as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyris Gutter: And that Sir Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 51.

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom Lancaster the Bill for embanking, draining, and otherwise im- Marsh improving, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster p"a^nageand Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was com- Bill, reported, mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage and Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Two Common Rights, who, being absent, were not applied to; and also, except the Owners of Four Common Rights, become vacant by Death since the last Election; and that there are, in the Whole, 82 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Dunton Bas-Order, a BUI for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the !f.tl Inclo-,ure Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Com- TOInt'ej're" monable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish,

Lordship, and Liberties, of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Reymer-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, stone, Letton. certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, Bill In^ure within the several Parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, sented^" Cranworth, and Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Diederich Lubbren, was presented Lubbren'* to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat. Petition, given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Bala and put in Execution an Act of the Seventeenth Year of Dolgellev, His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads &c-.R°ad» leading to and from the Towns of Bala and etlllon'

in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but the several Roads, by the said Act directed to be repaired, cannot be sufficiently amended, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers are further continued, and the Act amended and made more effectual; and that the several Roads leading from Samau to Glyn diffwys Bridge, from Clawdd ponkin Turnpike Gate to Ruthin, from Llansaintffraid Bridge to the Turnpike Gate on Clawdd ponkin

te

JRoyal Exchange Assurance Bill, committed.

London Assurance Bill, committed.

Bill for extending Term of Tax, and Tolls granted by Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Act, committed.

Cranford Bridge, Slough, &c. Roads Bill, presented.

192 V Decembris. A. 1795.

said, from Ddwyrhyd New Bridge to from

Modhalog to join the Turnpike Road from to

Corwen, from the Village of Llandrillo to join the Turnpike Road from Llangunog to Bala, from to Denbigh, from Ffriddhafod yr Esgob to from or near Trawsfynydd to join the Turnpike Road from Bala to Traethmawr, from Tyddyn du Mill to Festiniog, from Dolgelley to Llyn y penmaen, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road from to

Barmouth Ferry, from Dinas y Morwddxvy to Malta lying in the several Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh, and severally branching out of, or communicating with, the Roads by the above-mentioned Act directed to be repaired, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and that the Repair of the said several Roads will be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Williams Vaughan, Mr. Hobart, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Lushington, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " improving the Drainage of the Middle and South " Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called " Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or " near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of " Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the " Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and " for altering and improving the Navigation of the " said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau " Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhall Saint Mary, in 4‘ the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn-, " and for improving and preserving the Navigation of " the several Rivers communicating with the said River " Ouze," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pole Carezv, Mr. Charles Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term of certain Acts for NorthShieldi repairing the Road from North S, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon ^,e Tyne, was read a Second Time. Bill, com-

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew mitted. White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to alter Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the ^"^Grand Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal junction to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts Canal Act*, and other Works authorized to be made and done passed, by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the getting Materials out of Sir John Filmers Land without his Consent.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for regulating the Towing Paths in Sir John Filmers Land.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for apportioning the Purchase Money, for certain Lands to be used as a Reservoir, between the Lord of the Manor and other Persons interested in the Parish of Aldenham.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for vesting Part of such Purchase Money in the Funds, for the Benefit of the Parties interested.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for vesting in the Company of Proprietors, the Lands to be purchased for the Reservoir, on Payment of the Purchase Money.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for restraining the Company of Proprietors from taking more than a certain Quantity of Land for making the Reservoir.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Question

36 Geo. III. 7° Decembris.

193

Petition

respecting

Seditious

Meetings.

Petition in favour of the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to the Inhabitants of the Parish of and its Neigh-

be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. bourhood, to take into Consideration the Effect of a

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, now pending in Parliament, intituled, A Bill to Bill, in Pr. 7. 1. 23, by leaving out the Words, " and prevent Seditious Meetings, and to suppress Political " by this Act." Debating Clubs and Societies, where Money is re-

And the Question being put, That those Words ceived, it was resolved, First, That it is the Opinion stand Part of the Bill; of this Meeting, that at the present alarming Crisis,

It was resolved in the Affirmative. when the wild Theories of a neighbouring Nation,

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to subversive of all good Government, and adverse to the Bill, in Pr. 14. 1. 11, by leaving out the Words, Public Tranquillity, are industriously propagated in " Lime, Limestone." this Kingdom, and make such alarming Progress, the

And the Question being put, That those Words Executive Government ought to receive every Support stand Part of the Bill; (consistent with the Civil and Religious Rights of

It was resolved in the Affirmative. . Englishmen) and that strong Measures alone are likely

The Amendment following was also proposed to be to continue to 11s the Blessings of domestic Peace: made to the Bill; viz. Under full Conviction of the Utility of the above

Pr. 15. 1. 33. To leave out from " notwith- Bill, we humbly pray, That it may pass into a Law;

" standing " to " And," in Pr. 18. but that it may be limited, as to its Duration, for 1. 28. One Year — Secondly, That we have seen, with the

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question greatest Abhorrence, the late Attack on His Majesty's put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill most gracious Person, and consider the Insult offered was amended at the Table accordingly. to His Majesty, as an open Violence done to the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Nation, and we pledge ourselves, as far as our Influence be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of extends, to use our utmost Exertions to prevent any The Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the Meetings that may have a Tendency to inflame the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized Minds of the People against the Person or Govern-to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts ment of His Majesty — Thirdly, That, as a Mining of Parliament. Part of the Country, we long ardently for the Blessings

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the of Peace, as we consider a Return of that happy Period Lords, and desire their Concurrence. would greatly tend to lessen the Price of the neces-

sary Articles of Life, and reduce the Value of the A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, Mer- Materials consumed in the Mines, whereby our People chants, Tradesmen, Yeomanry, and others, of the would be rendered happy, and our Mines conducted County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and with Vigour.

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, firmly at- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Petition tached to the sacred Person of His Majesty, and holders of the County of Denbigh, was likewise pre- respecting highly sensible of the inestimable Value of the British sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Meeting Constitution, are, at all Times, zealously determined to the Petitioners have long beheld, with deep Concern, defend the one and preserve the other: That the Peti- the daring Attempts which have been made, by many tioners have long perceived, with deep Concern and discontented and ill-designing Persons within these Anxiety, the unwearied Attempts of wicked and de- Realms, to overturn the Constitution of this Country, signing Men, to poison and deceive the Public Mind, and thereby to bring us into a State of Anarchy and to introduce into this happy Kingdom all the Miseries Wretchedness, which the Petitioners most earnestly of Anarchy and Confusion, and, as far as in them lie, deprecate: That the Petitioners humbly conceive, to overturn our excellent Form of Government: That that the Laws now existing have not provided an the Petitioners have observed with Astonishment and adequate Punishment for the highly seditious Practices Indignation, the recent, daring, and desperate Attack which have of late taken place in these Kingdoms: made upon the sacred Person of His Majesty, when in The Petitioners therefore entreat the House, in Con-. the Discharge of the highest Duty of his Station, on currence with the other Branches of the Legislature,

His Way to meet His Two Houses of Parliament on to enact such Laws, as in their Wisdom they shall the First Day of the present Session: That the Peti- deem most proper for protecting the Person of our tioners are persuaded, that the detestable Doctrines, gracious Sovereign, the Suppression of seditious Meet-so abundantly promulgated in certain seditious As- ings and Practices, and for preventing the Dissemination

semblies, have been, in a very great Degree, the of such corrupt Principles as endanger the Security of

Cause of this flagitious Attempt, and humbly conceive our most excellent Government.

that the Laws, now in existence, are not adequate to And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

prevent an Evil which, without a timely Remedy, may lie upon the Table,

eventually destroy all Public Tranquillity, and may

endanger the Constitution itself: That the Petitioners, A Paper, stated to be a Petition from Wrexham, in A certain under an awful Impression of the Miseries from which Favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Paper from this Nation has been delivered by the providential Person and Government, and for preventing seditious Escape of His Majesty, and solicitous to prevent the Meetings, was offered to be presented to the House; withdrawn. Possibility of any Repetition of similar Outrages, look but it appearing that the same contained only Observa-up, with full Confidence, to the Wisdom of the House, tions on a Petition before presented to this House from and pray that appropriate and adequate Remedies may that Place on the Subject of those Bills, and that the be provided, and that, in Concurrence with the other same Paper was addressed only to Sir Watkin Williams Branches of the Legislature, such wholesome and sabi- Wynne, with a Request that he would lay the same taryLaws may be enacted for the Suppression of seditious before the House: the said Paper was, with Leave of Assemblies and unlawful Practices, as may effectually the House, withdrawn, protect the sacred Person of His Majesty, and preserve

to us, under His mild and equitable Government, the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Blessings of that Constitution unde» which this Nation Account of the Produce of the Legacy Tax, for the ordered,

has so long and so eminently flourished. last Three Years, to the latest Period to which the Le — cyTax.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are same can be made up. thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an d° of Asses* and read; Setting forth, That, at a General Meeting of Account of the Produce of Assessed Taxes for Three »ed Taxes.

Vol. 51. 3D Years

Raw Sugar imported and exported.

Refined.

Sugar

exported.

Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, Scotland.

Duties on

Printed

Goods.

D° on

Tobacco and Snuff.

Discount on Duties on Salt.

Allowances for Waste on Salt.

Accounts of Sugar imported and exported, presented.

Accounts

presented.

Duties on Tobacco and Snuff.

194 7° Decembris. A. 1795.

Years, to the 5 th of April 1795; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of each Tax.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, during the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Duties paid, and of the Drawbacks allowed thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Refined Sugar called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, exported from Great Britain during the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Drawback allowed thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of any other refined Sugar exported from Great Britain during the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Drawback allowed thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Remittances from Scotland of the Duties on Tobacco and Snufij for Three Years, ended the 5th Day of July 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on printed Goods, for Three Years, ended the 5th Day of July 1794; distinguishing, as far as may be, the Produce on each Species of Goods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, for Three Years, ended the 5th Day of July 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Sums paid for Discount on prompt Payment of the Duties on Salt, for Three Years, ended the 5th Day of April 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Allowances paid for Waste on Salt carried Coastw ise, for Three Years, ended the 5th Day of April 1794.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into and exported from Great Britain, during the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Duties paid and the Drawbacks allowed thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of refined Sugar called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, exported from Great Britain during the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Bounty allowed thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar, fully refined, exported from Great Britain in the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Bounty allowed thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Planner, from, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, for Three Years, ended 5th July 1794: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Remittances from Scotland of the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, for Three Years, ended 5th July 1794: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on printed Goods, for three Years, ended the 5th July 1794; distinguishing, as far as may be, the Produce on each Species of Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hunter, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was c'alled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Assessed Taxes, for Three Years, ending 5th April 1 795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant tx> their Order,

An Account of the Legacy Duty, for Three Years,

ending 1st of August 1795.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rissoan, from the Commissioners for the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Discounts allowed on prompt Payment of the Duties on Salt, for Three Years, from 5th April 1791 to 5th 1794; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Salt carried Coastwise from one Part of England to another, Twenty Miles by Sea, with the Amount of the Allowance for Waste thereon, for Three Years, from 5th April 1791 to 5U1 April 1794; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of die loyal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, observing with Sorrow and Regret, that tumultuous and seditions Meetings are held, from Time to Time, in various Places, with Horror beholding the atrocious, diabolical, and alarming Effects, which they most irmly believe have arisen from the Doctrines promulgated

Duties od Tobacco ind Snuff, Scotland.

Duties on

printed

Goods.

Account of Produce of Assessed Taxes, presented.

Account of Legacy Duty, presented.

Accounts

presented.

Discounts on Duties on Salt.

Salt carried Coastwise, with Allowance for Waste thereon.

Petition from Bridport, respecting Seditious Meeting*.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c. and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Report

Supply.

Ordinary

Navy

36 Geo. III. 7° Decembris. 195

and held out at such Assemblies, and, being filled with Reso, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy, a still higher Degree of Abhorrence and Indignation That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Eight at the late wicked Attack on the sacred Person of our thousand and Four hundred Pounds, be granted to beloved and most excellent Sovereign, at a Moment His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Ite-buildings, when He was fulfilling one of the most important and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Duties attached to His exalted Station, do therefore Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and most humbly request, that the House would be pleased, above what are proposed to be done upon the in Conjunction with the other Branches of the Le- Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year gislature, to bring forward, and pass into Laws, such 1796.

Bills as they, in their Wisdom, may think most ex- The said Resolutions being severally read a Second pedient for the better Protection of His Majesty's most Time, were, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, sacred Person, and for the Prevention of all such tumul- agreed to by the House, tuous and seditious Meetings as can be only calculated

to inflame the Minds of the Unenlightened and Ignorant, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Mcs-to draw them aside by Falsehood, Treachery, and Mis- House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this representations, from their Loyalty and Allegiance, and House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the pHze Money, to introduce into our happy Country, instead of the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker present glorious Constitution, a System of Violence, (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and Oppression, and Anarchy. is as followeth;

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood oi Huddersfield, in the GEORGE R.

County of York, was also presented to the House, and His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners approach the of Commons, that a considerable Sum is likely to arise

House with Sentiments of unfeigned Attachment to the Principles of the Constitution established by the glorious Resolution of 1688: That the Petitioners have seen, with Indignation, the Principles of that Constitution violated by the atrocious Insults lately offered to the Person of His Majesty; but that the Petitioners view, with the most serious Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other. An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; the obvious Tendency of which is to invest the Magistrates with new and arbitrary Powers; to introduce new Penal Laws and constructive Treasons; and to build, on the Ruins of our dearest Rights, a System incompatible with any free Constitution whatever: That the Petitioners consider the said Bills as unnecessary, impolitic, and unconstitutional; unnecessary, because the existing Laws are adequate as well to the Detection as to the Punishment of Offenders; impolitic, because they will lessen that Confidence which should subsist between the People and their Representatives, and that Respect which is due to the Magistrates and the Laws; and unconstitutional, because they tend to frustrate the Provisions of the Bill of Rights, to deprive the People of the Privileges of Petition and Remonstrance, to . prevent the House from being informed of the Wishes of its Constituents, to extend the Influence of the Executive Power, and, by restraining the Constitutional Exercise of Political Discussion, to surrender into its Hands the Bulwarks of Popular Liberty: And therefore die Petitioners most humbly entreat the House not to permit the said Bills to become the Laws of the Realm.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Twenty-four thousand One hundred and Fifty-two Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1796.

Vo 1.51.

from the Sale of such of the Prizes, made on the Subjects of the United Provinces, as are by Law vested in the Crown; and that it is His Majesty's Intention, when the Accounts shall be closed, to direct that the Produce which shall arise therefrom, after making such Allowances as may be thought due to the Merits of any of the Captors, shall be applied to the Public Service.

G. R.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this thereupon. House for His most Gracious Message; and to acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude, His Majesty's tender Concern for the Interests of His People, in the Intention which His Majesty has manifested of directing that the Money which shall arise from the Sale of Dutch Prizes, vested in the Crown, after making such Allowances as may be thought due to the Merits of any of the Captors, shall be applied to the Public Service.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of the House as are of llis Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Kind's Mos-Mcssage be referred to the Consideration of the Com- sage"referred, mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, of Ways and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Means. Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they Ijad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A. 1795.

196 7° — 8®

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Price of Com inS> res°ive itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Poor Relief Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Bill deterred. T\j0ming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the " Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, " and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases.

Supply Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

deterred Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill for prohibiting the mtiking of Spirits from Wheat, &c. deferred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, " for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or " Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort " of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for " permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home " Consumption, on Payment of Dutyand to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Wearmouth Bridge, &c. Roads Bill, presented.

Lancaster Marsh Embanking and Drainage Bill, passed.

Blaauw's Nat. Bill committed.

Mart is, 8* die Decembris; Anno 36* Georgii III'" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Burdort presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, a convenient Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish of Whitburn, to the Market Place in the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 8. To leave out from " Persons" to " And," in 1. 29.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question pu£ thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Dent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ston, Mr. Hobart, Stc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and certain Op-others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting P?ser! forth, That an Act was made, in the Thirty-fifth Year and King*'* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Lynn Dnun Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and aee Bill, to " South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens [heirExt" " called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or pences.

" near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands ad joining,

" or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of " draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour " of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River " Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the " Parish of WiggenhallSaint Mary, in the said County,

" to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River " Ouze;" and that the Plan for effecting such Improvement and Alteration of the said Drainage and Navigation, proposed by the Bill, as originally brought into this House, for obtaining the said Act, was, in the Judgment of able and skilful Engineers, an extremely dangerous Project, and would probably, if adopted, have been productive of ruinous Consequences to the Harbour of King's Lynn, to the Navigation of the said River Ouze, and to the Drainage of the Countries, which discharge their Waters by that River, and the said Bill was, in many other Respects, imperfect and unjust; and that the Petitioners, and many others interested in the Preservation of the said Harbour and Navigation, and as Proprietors of a large Proportion of the Country concerned in the said Drainage, and Two of the Petitioners as Proprietors of private Navigations upon, or communicating with, the said River Ouze, alarmed by such Dangers to their Property and Interests, presented Petitions to this House against the passing of the said Bill; and the Petitioners were heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, upon their said Petitions, and many Witnesses were produced and examined in Support thereof, by whose Testimony the Objections to the Plan proposed were fully substantiated, and much Information was furnished essentially necessary to the Formation of a safe and effectual Plan for the Relief of the Country: and that, in Consequence of these Proceedings, a Reference was at length agreed upon, as well on the Part of the Promoters as of the Opposers of the said Bill, to Two skilful Engineers (namely,

Sir Thomas Hyde Rage, Knight, Captain of the Royal Engineers, and Robert Mylne, Esquire,) to consider of such Plan as they could concur in recommending to the Country, w ho accordingly made their joint Report, which was confirmed and approved by both Parties, and the said Bill was agreed to be altered so as to carry into Effect the W'orks thereby pointed out; and that the new River or Cut agreed upon by the said Engineers was materially different in its Form and Dimensions from that originally proposed by the said Bill, and freed from the Dangers and Objections which chiefly gave Rise to the Opposition thereto, and various other Works were recommended by their said Report, as well for the Preservation of the Navigations as the Improvement of the Drainage, which were not proposed by the Bill as originally framed; and the Bill was accordingly altered so as to carry into Effect the Plan recommended by the Two Engineers, and agreed upon as aforesaid, and with such Amendments passed into a Law, and the Form of the new River or Cut, originally proposed, was consequently abandoned; and that, the said Bill having, in the above Particulars,

and

his

r3

c-'

er-

ver

toe

l!!].

jA,

let

01-

ud

:ht

in

x-

if

es

jf

r,

e

s

e

d

t.

isi

ift

lid

36 Geo. III. 8° Decembris.

and in many other Respects, been essentially amended and rendered more beneficial to the Country in consequence of the said Petitions, and the Investigation occasioned thereby, the Petitioners conceive it to be equally just that they should be reimbursed their Lx-pences incurred in, or relating to, the said Petitions, and the Reference to the said Engineers, as that the Promoters of the Bill, whose Plan has since been relinquished, should be repaid theirs; but the Petitioners are advised that, in the Form in which the said Act was passed, the Expences incurred by the said Petitioners against the said Bill are not sufficiently provided for, or at least that it is doubtful whether the same can be reclaimed or recovered; and that a Bill is depending before the House for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by the said Act: And therefore praying, That in the said Bill now depending, Provision may be made for the Reimbursement to the Petitioners, against the first-mentioned Bill, of the Expences incurred by them, in relation to the said Petitions and the Amendment of the said Bill, in consequence thereof.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving " the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part " of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, " and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said " Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the " River Ouze, in the County of , draining

" through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's " Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from " or near a Place called Eau , in the Parish of " TViggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said " Harbour of King's , and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze," is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Walpole, j

Tellers for the Yeas, < Sir Martin Browne > 51.

[ Folkes: J

Tellers for the Noes, {^; Montagu}»<*

So it passed in the Negative.

Petition to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are aummdRame- thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing gate Paving, an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Ac. Act. ' of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and " watching, the Highways, Streets and Lanes, of and " in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, " and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, " and for erecting a Market House, and holding a " Public Market in the said Vill," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners have proceeded to execute the several Powers contained in the said Act, which has been attended with great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Vill, and to a great Number of Persons resorting thereto every Year on Account of the Sea; and that the said Act has been found in several Respects, defective, and, for the better carrying into Effect the good Purposes thereby intended, it is requisite that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 51.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they dr> examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Honyuood, Mr. Ryder,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and The Lord* Ml'. Ord: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for the for the better Relief of the Poor within the several better Relief Hundreds, Towns, and Districts in that Part of Great of the Poor Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance Parliament, and Employment of the Poor, and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds,

Towns, and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, w'ho Second Re-were appointed to take into Consideration the present Port froni high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as pointed)® it should appear to them, to the House, with their consider the Observations thereupon; That the Committee had made high Price a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the same, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Comr and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

Have received, since their last Report, further Information respecting the Deficiency in the Crop of Rye, and the great Want of that Article in those Parts of the Country where it forms the principal Subsistence of the People; and they are thereby induced to think, that similar Measures ought to be adopted for the Encouragement of the Importation of that Species of Grain, as have been recommended respecting Wheat. They beg Leave therefore to submit their Opinion to the House, that a Bounty of Ten Shillings per Quarter should be given for every Quarter of Rye, weighing not less than 50per Bushel, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 30th Day of September 1796, until the Quantity of such Rye ' shall equal 100,000 Quarters; and also that a Bounty of Six Shillings per Quarter should be given for every Quarter of Rye which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 30th Day of September 1796, exceeding the Quantity to which the before-mentioned Bounty is limited.

Your Committee are also inclined to reepmmend an Extension of the Period for which the several Bounties on Grain and Flour are proposed to be granted.

They observe, from the Weekly Returns of the Price of Wheat in the whole Kingdom, and of the Price and Quantity in the London Market, since January last, that the highest Price and the greatest Scarcity took place during the Months of July and August, and particularly in the latter. These, therefore, are the Months for which it is most important to provide; and they are led to fear, that if the Bounty is confined to such Corn as may arrive before the 31st of August,

Merchants may be discouraged from sending Supplies j

to this Country during that Month, by the Apprehension

3 E that

198 8° Decembris. A. 1795.

that they may not arrive in Time to be entitled to the Bounty. They beg Leave therefore to suggest an Extension of the Time to the 30th of September; and they submit, whether it might not also be expedient to place, in proper Hands, a discretionary Power of allowing the Bounties to such Ships as may arrive before the 15th of October, upon Proof of their having actually set Sail for Great Britain, from their respective Ports, at such Time that they might, in the ordinary Course of their Voyage, have arrived before the 30th of September.

Your Committee have also received a Suggestion, from Merchants trading to the Southern Parts of Europe and to Africa, that it would be advisable to enlarge the Quantity to which the highest Bounty upon Corn brought from those Quarters, was proposed to be limited: They do not state an Expectation that the Whole of that Quantity can be procured; but they are apprehensive that the original Limitation may tend to check Speculation, by the Fear of exceeding the Quantity specified — and they propose, therefore, that the highest Bounty should be extended to 400,000 Quarters.

Your Committee have also examined several Merchants, respecting the Proportion which the Bounty upon Flour ought to bear to that upon Wheat: They have been satisfied by this Examination that, in Consideration of the various Size and Weight of the Barrels used in different Countries, it would be more advisable to grant a Bounty upon the Hundred Weight of Flour than upon the Barrel, as had been at first suggested: That it is expedient to adopt, upon the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, the same Proportion of Bounties which has been already established by the Legislature upon the Exportation of the same, (i.e.) One Shilling and Six Pence per Hundred Weight of Wheat Flour as equivalent to Five Shillings per Quarter of Wheat; and that the same Rule ought to be applied to Indian Corn and Meal.

In suggesting in their former Report that the Bounty given on Wheat ought to be limited to such as weighed not less than at the Rate of 55 per Bushel, your Committee proceeded upon Information then received, that Wheat of a lower Weight was usually of so inferior a Quality, as to be unfit for the Use of Man; and under a full Persuasion of the Necessity of fixing some Limit, in order to prevent tire Object, for which the Bounty is given, from being defeated by the Importation of Corn inapplicable to the Subsistence of the People. They have since received further Information, which has satisfied them, that Wheat, naturally of somewhat a lower Weight, may produce wholesome Food; and that Cargoes, not unfrequently, arrive out of Condition, in consequence of which the Weight is for the Time diminished, though it soon recovers; and that it might prove an inconvenient Restraint upon Speculation, if the Merchant were exposed to lose the Whole of the Bounty, by a slight Inattention of his Agents abroad, or by a temporary and accidental Deterioration of the Article imported: They are therefore of Opinion, that a Bounty, equal to Four Fifths of the proposed Bounty, should be given on all Wheat weighing not less than at the Rate of 531, per Bushel.

Your Committee having stated such further Observations as they have thought necessary, respecting the Amount of the Bounties, and the Limitations as to Weight and Quantity, and Time, beg Leave to recommend, for the Prevention of Fraud, that all Corn and Flour imported for Bounty, should be subject, in Addition to the Inspection of the proper Officers of the Customs, to the Examination of Persons qualified to judge thereof; that without the Certificate of such Persons, stating that the Article is merchantable and fit for making Bread, no Bounty should be paid; find that the Importation of Corn add Flour for

Bounty, should be confined to such Ports in which it is probable that Persons so qualified may be found.

Your Committee have also received Information, that there are Ships now in the Port of this Country laden with Corn, which are intended to be reported for Exportation; and that other Ships may arrive, the Consignees of which may send their Cargoes to Foreign Ports, unless tempted by the Bounty to unload them here; and they beg Leave, therefore, to submit the Expediency of extending the Bounty to the Cargoes of all Ships which may now be in the Ports of this Country, or may arrive here previous to the passing of the Act by which it is to be granted.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present hitjh Price of Corn.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be discharged;

T he House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Sheridan, 5' \Mr. StJo

°9-

208.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes /^r* leneis 101 the iNoes, |Mp Long.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House be called over upon Friday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, {Jfc&L,.. } »

Tellers for the Noes, {££ >n-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uhco-vered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the Assurances which He has received from His faithful Commons, of their Determination to support His Majesty in those Exertions which are necessary under the present Circumstances, recommends it to this House to consider of making Provision towards enabling His Majesty to defray atty extraordinary Expences which may be Iflr-curred for the Service of the ensuing Year, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require. His Majesty, on this Occasion, thinks proper to acquaint the House, that the Crisis which W'as depending at the Commencement of the present Session has led to such an Order of Things in France as will induce His Majesty (conformably to the Sentiments which He has already declared) to meet any Disposition for Negotiation, on the Part of the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect; and to conclude a Treaty for General Peace, whenever it can be effected on just and suitable Terms for Himself and His Allies.

It is His Majesty's earnest Wish that the Spirit and Determination manifested by Parliament, added to the recent and important Successes of the Austrian

Armies,

Call deferred

King's Message for Vote of Credit; and respecting a Negotiation for Peace.

36 Geo-. III. 8

199

'*b

'M

h,

Cor.

reifljj

i*

li

b

Mo

m

:ail

'of

ii

it

Armies, and to the continued and growing Embarrassments of the Enemy, may speedily conduce to the Attainment of this Object, on such Grounds as the Justice of the Cause in which this Country is engaged, and the Situation of Affairs, may entitle His Majesty to expect.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

King's Mes- Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That i^Disem-" h® bad a Message from His Majesty to this House, barkation of signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same Foreign to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Troops. Members of the House being uncovered) and is- as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that a considerable Division of Ships, having on Board Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, having been dispersed and damaged whilst on their Passage from the Rivers Elbe and JVezer to Spithead, the Place of Rendezvous appointed for the Convoy under which it was intended they should be sent on distant Foreign Service, His Majesty has found it unavoidably necessary to order the said Troops to be disembarked, and to be stationed in Barracks near Southamptoand in the Wight;

and, at the same Time, has given Directions that they shall be re-embarked, and sent to the Place of their Destination, as soon as the Transports necessary for their Accommodation and Conveyance shall be in Readiness to receive them, the necessary Orders for that Purpose having, by His Majesty's Commands, been already given.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into 'Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Petition in A Petition of the Magistrates and Common Coun-

BUbfor the* ^ie Burgh of in the County of

I Safety of His wa9 Preaented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

r Majesty's That, attached inviolably to the happy Constitution

t Person, ice.; of these Realms, the Petitioners reflect with Horror,

s and for ^e recent Attack made upon the sacred Person of

SediUou"6 His most Gracious Majesty, and with Indignation, at Meetings. those daring and flagitious Attempts to vilify both Houses of Parliament, and to excite a Spirit of Sedition among the People, which have rendered it necessary to introduce into Parliament, A Bill for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government; and, A Bill for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That, incited by their Duty to the Community, of which the Petitioners have the Honour to be the Administrators, to consider these Bills, they are impelled, by their Loyalty, to express their hearty Approbation of the Principles thereof, and their firm Reliance on the Wisdom of the House to guard our Constitution from the Dangers with which it is at present assailed: The Petitioners therefore most humbly pray. That the House will, for a limited Time, pass those Bills into Laws, with such Improvements as a Majority of the House shall in their Wisdom judge to be proper.

Ordered, That -the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Motion for Mr. Hobart, according To Order, reported from the bringing up Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-wlwsand ferred to consider further of Ways and Means dor Mean*, with- raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Reap-drawn. Vox. 51.

lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed)

That the said Report be brought up.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Order of the Day, for the Attendance of the Several Deseveral Members who were ordered to attend the Ser- atar

vice of the House this Day, and the Orders for whose are'ex-Attendance have not been discharged, being read, the cused. Names of the said several Members were called over; and- several of them appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, they were severally excused, on. Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness of their near Relations, or as being Abroad, or as having been in the House this Day, or as being Abroad on the Public Service.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report Ways the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider and Mean?-further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now brought up.

Mr. Hobart accordingly delivered the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Raising a That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Sutn ty the Sum of Eighteen-Millions be raised by Annuities. Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Terms for That every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen ralsin8 llie Millions shall, for every tool, contributed and paid, 8ame‘ be entitled to the Principal Sum of 120/. in Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1795, and to be added to> and made One Joint Stock with, the 3/. per Centum Annuities, Consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subs sequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said 31, per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there: That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of 951, in Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum, to commence from the 1 oth Day of October 179.5, and to be added to, and made One Joiat Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Ra e of 3/. per Centum, which were reduced ;from 4/. to 3/. per Centum per Annum, by an Act made ,in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said 31, per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there: That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1795, ftod to continue for the Term of Sixty-four Years and a.Quarter, and then to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of 120/., after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, and 251., after the like Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, in respect of every 100l. to [be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, which Annuity of Six Shillings and Six Peace per Centum, so -to continue for Sixty-four Yeaxs and a Quarter, shall be added to, and make One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which > were granted for the /several

Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-

eight,

3iscontinu-ng the Duties m Receipts or Legacies.

200 8° Decembris. . 1795.

eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five Years and an Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-seeond Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferable, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferable at the said Bank of England: That the several Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum, 3/. per , and

Six Shillings and Six Pence per , so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 10th Day of this Instant December, make a Deposit of 10/. per Centum

on such Sum as he or she shall choose to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned, that is to say;

10/. per Centum on or before the 22d Day of January 1796;

101, per Centum on or before the 18th Day of March next;

10/. per Centum on or before the 20th Day of May next;

15/. per Centum on or before the 2 2d Day of July next;

15/. per Centum on or before the 9th Day of September next;

15/. per Centum on or before the 11th Day of November next; and,

.15/. per Centum on or before the 16th Day of December next:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, at any Time on or before the 10th Day of November 1796, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so advanced for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 16th Day of December 1796; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money as aforesaid, at any Time subsequent to the 10th Day of December 1795, and previous to the 30th Day of December 1795, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of 3/. 5 s. per Centum per, Annum on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 16th Day of December 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several Rates and Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Receipt, or the Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a Personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed (and which said Duties were granted by several Acts of Parliament made in the Twentieth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty) shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty be charged upon every Legacy, and upon every Share or Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying and leaving such Estate of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds or upwards, which shall pass either by Devise, or by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, to any of the Kindred of the Deceased in tire several Degrees herein after mentioned, according to the Rates following, that is to say: Where any Legacy, or any Share or Residue of any such Personal Estate, shall pass to a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or to any the Issue of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of Two Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity: Where any Legacy, or any Share or Residue of any such Personal Estate, shall pass to a Brother or Sister of a Parent of the Deceased, or to any the Issue of a Brother or Sister of a Parent of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of Three Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity: And where any Legacy, or any Share or Residue of any such Personal Estate, shall pass to any the Issue of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather of Grandmother of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of Four Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged for every hundred Pounds of the Value of any Legacy, or any Share or Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying and leaving such Estate of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds, or upwards, which shall pass either by Devise, or by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, to any Person in any more distant Degree of Collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased, than is before charged, or to any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty be charged upon the clear Value of any Real Estate that, upon the Death of any Person, shall descend, or pass by Devise, or by force of any Gift, Grant, or Conveyance, or by Act or Operation of Law, to, or to the Use of, or in Trust for, any Person or Persons of the Kindred of the Deceased in the several Degrees herein after mentioned (except Purchasers for valuable Consideration actually paid) in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for Term of Life or Lives, according to the Rates following, that is to say: Where any such Estate shall pass to a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or to any the Issue of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of Two Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity: Where any such Estate shall pass to a Brother or Sister of a Parent of the Deceased, or to any the Issue of a Brother or Sister of a Parent of the deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of Three Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity: And where any such Estate shall pass to any the Issue of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty of Four Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum or Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pounds be charged for every hundred Pounds of the clear Value of any Real Estate that, upon the Death of any Person, shall descend, or pass

Charging certain Duties on Legacies.

Charging certain Duties on Estates descending to Kindred of the Deceased

0.

any

line

to

«Us

Additional /. Duty on As-iil gess«d Taxes.

4e

35 Geo. 111.

8° Decembris.

201

Additional Duty on Tobacco.

by Devise* or by forte of any Gift, Grant, or Conveyance, or by Act or Operation of Law, to, or to the Use of, or in Trust for, any Person or Persons in any more distant Degree of Collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than is before charged, or to any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased (not being Purchasers for valuable Consideration actually paid) in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for Term of Life or Lives, and after that Rate for any greater Sum or Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, upon every Assessment made, or to be made, for the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1796, under, or by virtue of, any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for, or in respect of, the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, a further additional Duty shall be charged, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of the gross Amount of all the said former Duties charged by such Assessment, to be computed for the Half Year ending the said 5th Day of April 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, upon every Assessment to be made after the 5th Day of April 1796, under, or by virtue of, any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for, or in respect of, the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, a further additional Duty shall be charged, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of the gross Amount of all the said former Duties charged by such Assessment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be charged for every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported into Great Britain on or after the 7th Day of December 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco imported into Great Britain before the 7th Day of December 1795, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said 7th Day of December 1795, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the said Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, on the 7th Day of December 1795, shall be in any Warehouse, in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of An Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the said Reign, and which shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Penny be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, at any Time from and after the 7th Day of December 1795, shall be delivered for Exportation out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Four Pence be charged for' every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the

Vo 1. 51.

Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, imported into Great Britain on or after the 7th Day of December 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Put> on 10 jesty, an additional Excise Duty of Four Pence be bacco> charged for every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, imported into Great Britain before the 7th Day of December 1795, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said 7th Day of December 1795, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Four Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, on the 7th Day of December 1795, shall be in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Duty on jesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be Snuff* charged for every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on or after the 7th Day of December 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Snuff imported into Great Britain before the 7th Day of December 1795, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said 7th Day of December 1795, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Shilling be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, which, on the 7th Day of December 1795, shall be in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Direc*-tions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which shall be delivered out of such Warehouse.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Six Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies, on or after the 7th Day of December 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Six Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Snuff imported into Great Britain before the 7 th Day of December 1795, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said 7th Day of December 1795, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Six Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Snuff which, on the 7 th Day of December 1795, shall be in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which shall be delivered put of such Warehouse.

202

8" Decembris. A. 1795.

Uonal

,y on

uff.

Additional Duty on Horses.

Duty on Horses not before chargeable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Seven Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain from any other Place, on or after the 7 th Day of December 1/P5-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Seven Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Snuff imported into Great Britain before the 7th Day of December 1795, and which shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said 7th Day of December 1797, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Seven Pence be charged for every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, which, on the 7th Day of December 1795, shall be in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which shall be delivered out of such Warehouse.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty, every Person who shall keep, and use, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriage is now, or hereafter may be, called or known (for or in respect, whereof any Rate or Duty heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and now transferred to and under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes is payable) shall be charged with a further additional Annual Duty of Ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Two Horses, Mares-, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, shall be charged with a further additional Annual Duty of Live Shillings for One of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Three, Four, or Five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter maybe, called or known, shall be charged with a further additional Annual Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of One.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Six or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, shall be charged with a further additional Annual Duty of Ten Shillings for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of One.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not charged with any former Rate or Duty, or any Colt or Filley, or any Mule, shall yield and pay Annually a Duty of Two Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filley, or Mule.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several Duties on Persons exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and who shall take out a Licence to use and Exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer within the City of London, or the City or Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of S Mary le Bone or Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, or the Borough of Southxcark, in the County of Surrey, and who shall

take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay Annually the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer without the City of London, and City and Liberties of 1 Pest mins terthe Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Mary le Bone and

Saint Pancras, in the Cquuty of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade anil Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay Annually the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged for every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings, or other Uses (over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Five Pence be charged for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard Wide, of Foreign Callicoe and of Foreign Muslin, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny be charged for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard Wide, of all Linens, and of all Stuffs made either of Cotton or Linen, mixed with other Materials, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stud's, made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Excise Duty of Tw'o Pence Halfpenny be charged for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard Wide, of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, and of British Muslins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only) and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Allowance for Waste on White and Rock Salt, carried Coastwise, be discontinued.

Rcsdlved,

Discon ti ruin'* the Duties on Dealers.

Charging a Duty on Hi u se Dealers.

Additional Duty oa stained raster.

Additional Duty on Foreign Caili-coes, &c.

Additional Duty on Linens and Cotton Stuns.

Additional Duty on British Muslin*.

Discon tinning the Allowance for Waste on Salt.

35 Geo. In.

8° — 9° Deccmbris.

203

for I'uynieut of Duties on Suit.

Discontinuing Part of Drawbacks on Ex porta

It educing the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered\ That the said Bill be read the Third Time -That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then the Time allowed by Law for the Payment of the Duties ingrossed. on Salt, be reduced as follows; that is to say, on White Salt to Three Months, on Rock Salt to Four Months,

and on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain to Two Months, and the present Rate of Discount to be allowed accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Four Shillings, Part of the Drawback now allowed on tion of Sugar, the Exportation of every Hundred Weight of Sugar exported, in the same State in which it was imported, be no longer paid or allowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Four Shillings, Part of the Draw-back now allowed on the Exportation of any refined Sugar called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, be no longer paid or allowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Seven Shillings, Part of the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation of every Hundred Weight of any other refined Sugar, be no longer paid or allowed.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Six Shillings and Six Pence," in that Part of the Resolution where it is said, that the Contributor is to be entitled to an Annuity to that Amount, and inserting the Words " Four Shillings and Six Pence" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Six " Shillings and Six Pence" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Bill for allowing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole >ns 15l,untle» House, upon the Bill for allowing Bounties on the °"r[ation of Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat wheat, l-'lour, Indian Corn, or Indian Meal, in British Ships, deferred, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That this Flouse will, Tomorrow Morn- Committee ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole high l'rica House, to consider further of the present high Price of of pora.

ft ' 1 o deferred.

Corn.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Bill for pro-further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last hibiting the Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, "iaklll£ °*

" for a limited Time, the making of Low W ines or \vi*jeat,

" Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other deferred.

" Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran;

" and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited " in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out " for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9*;

Anno 36* Georgii III1* Regis, 1795.

PRAYERS.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Pottgeisser'« whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Nat* tituled, An Act for naturalizing Petrus r^£jed 411

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon Aloysius Poltgeisser, was committed; That the Com-P

the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Morning Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to

Bill to protect Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bankers, &c. more effectually to protect Merchants, Bankers, and

datioilsof"6" others, from the Depredations of their Clerks, Ap- the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath their Clerks, prentices, and Servants: And that Mr. Alderman Ander- agreed to the same, without any Amendment, ordered. son, Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report of Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, &c. further considered.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gen- Member tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ®dd«itobring Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, RoadBui passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Coventry, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Road Rll,» by the House. Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Prescne<*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Reign of his late Majesty King the First, and

ingrossed. in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Vol. 51. Majesty,

)ean Forest toads Bill, ommitted.

Uaauw's sat. Bill, eported.

.uhbren's STat. Bill, ►resented.

7alck's Nat. 'eiitkm.

L\vre In-losure Bill, resented.

>heet Bridge, 'ortsmouth, nd Peters-eld Hoads lill, com-j litted.

olkestone

'aving, Ac. 'etition.

204 9° Decembris. . 1795.

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City to Warwick, and from Coventry to Marty ns , and

also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Gutter: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, 'J'hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of New land. ,adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Vine in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Master, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for naturalizing Marie Anne commonly called Maria Ann Blaatcw, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Christopher Falck, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tyth-ing of Awre, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, and its Environs, wa6 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Town of Folkestone is a large and populous Sea Port, and much resorted to by Strangers, and has within these few Years much increased in Population, and in its Number of Buildings; but the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, are not properly paved or cleansed, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Parts narrow, incommodious, and dangerous; and that the paving and cleansing the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing of Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and rendering the same sufficiently wide and commodious for Passengers and Carriages, would

O o T

be of great Benefit not only to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but also to all Persons resorting thereto, and passing through the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Eduard Mr.

Chute, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Wakeman, Esquire, with Theodosia Freeman, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wigley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill: and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Taunion, convened by Public Advertise-

ment the 30th Day of November 1795, to prevent the selling of Wheat by Sample, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the Imposition to which the Community at large is exposed, and impressed with Concern for the Hardships and Sufferings experienced by the lower Orders of Society from the present exorbitant Price of Wheat, beg Leave to approach the House, and submit to their Consideration the few following Particulars: The Petitioners conceive it to be an incontrovertible Maxim, that the Value or Rise and Fall of any Commodity should be in proportion to its Scarcity or Abundance; in the present Instance it is fortunate that the Degree of Scarcity of Wheat can be pretty accurately ascertained — It appears, from the best Authorities, the Returns of the Magistrates to the Lord Lieutenants of the different Counties, that the Failure of the Crop this last Season may be set down at One-third of the usual Produce: Supposing the n, the Average Price of Wheat, in Years of common Fertility, to be Six Shillings per Bushel, in Compensation to the Farmer, for the Failure of this last Crop, Three Shillings ought to be added, and the present Price of Wheat will be Nine Shillings per Bushel, i. e. taken unconnected with any other Circumstance; but it appears also, by the authentic

Returns

Committees) Wakeman's Divorce Bill.

Petition from Taunton respecting the Sale of Corn.

Petition respecting Seditious Meetings.

30 Vjeo. 111. y JJecembm. (Zi)5

Returns above-mentioned, that the Increase of the Produce of Barley and Oats is fully equal to, if it does not exceed, the Decrease of the Produce of Wheat, consequently, supposing the Quantity of these Articles sown to be equal to that of Wheat, and that they are now sold, one with another, at Four Shillings Bushel, Two Shillings must be deducted from the above Nine, and the fair and* equitable Price of Wheat, at the present Season, will be Seven Shillings per Bushel. That no Advantage, however, may be taken from any Inaccuracy in the above Statement, let us admit the fair Price of Wheat to be even Nine Shillings per Bushel, it is with equal Regret and Surprize the Petitioners are obliged to report, that they cannot purchase any of the said Commodity at a less exorbitant Sum than from Twelve to Thirteen Shillings: Here then is a Hardship, or Grievance, on the Part of the Community at large, and an Imposition or Extortion on the Part of the Farmers, which, if not satisfactorily accounted for, cannot be too strongly reprobated, and which calls loudly on all Ranks of Society to employ every legal Measure to have it redressed. The Petitioners further beg Leave to observe, that is for the Interest of the Miller and Baker, as well as the Farmer, to keep up the present high Price of Corn; a Combination, therefore, between these Trades, to the Public Disadvantage, takes place; all Transactions relative to the Sale of Wheat are done in private, or by Sample only; and, as this Article is now never produced in Market, no Magistrate can possibly fix the Assize, and the Bakers are left at their Discretion to sell their Bread at what Price they think proper: The Farmers, on being remonstrated with, have alledged, that they are afraid to bring forward their Wheat in the Market lest it should be forcibly taken from them; but, the Petitioners can with Truth say, that the Poor of the said Town have hitherto borne their Grievance with becoming Fortitude and Patience; that though there, as in all other Places, a few discontented People may be found, no general Disposition to Riot, or unlawful Violence, has hitherto appeared — That all possible Security and Protection have been promised the Farmers on the Petitioners Parts: and that Magistrates and Peace Officers are ever ready to assist on the Occasion; notwithstanding all which, it is a melancholy Truth, that the Families of the Poor must, for many Weeks past, have gone without the most necessary Article of Life, had it not been for the charitable Exertions of a few Individuals, which they cannot, however, expect long to continue: That the Petitioners would be sorry to recommend any unnecessary Restraint on any Class of Individuals whatever in the Way of Commerce, much less do they wish to be instrumental in retarding or obstructing the Improvement of Agriculture, that grand and necessary Support of Society; but, from the Facts above stated, they deem the Disposition of the Farmers, and the Necessity of the Times, to be such as to warrant this their Application, with a View to prevent the most serious and alarming Evils: And therefore praying, That the House would, in its Wisdom, pursue such Measures as may appear most effectual to redress the Subjects of their Complaint, and they presume to suggest that one very important Regulation may be, to put a Stop to the Disposal of Wheat by Sample, or in any other Way than by the actual Production of it in the Public Market, except the supplying the Poor at the Farmer's House with such small Quantities as may be deemed accommodating and beneficial to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Com.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish and the Neighbourhood, in the County of Cornwall,

Vol. 51.

whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in that remote and peaceable Part of the Kingdom, the Petitioners are grievously alarmed at the late atrocious and dastardly Attempt upon the Life of our good and gracious King, and thoroughly convinced that it was made in consequence of the Doctrines or Insinuations of some of the licentious and dangerous Assemblies, which the Petitioners are so happy as to know chiefly by Public Report — As the Petitioners are equally anxious for the Preservation of that Constitution which the Wfsdom of our Forefathers, and the Goodness of Providence, have delivered down to us, they do most humbly entreat that the House will, in Concurrence with the other Branches of the Legislature, establish such efficient and wholesome Laws as will contribute to preserve the Life of our Sovereign, and prevent the wicked Designs of all open and concealed Traitors, who, stimulated by Poverty, in consequence of Idleness or Dissipation, and directed by ambitious and discontented Men, would, under the Pretences of free Reasoning and liberal Discussion, attempt to poison the Minds of the People, for the Subversion of our Government.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on Account of Illness in his Family.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh Evelyn have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks, on Account of Illness in his Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys have Leave to go into the Country, fora Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of Illness in his Family.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on urgent Business of a Public Nature.

Ordered, That Sir Robei't Williams have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fownes Luttrell have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to be called over upon Friday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Whitbread, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders " for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and " Apprentices," as empowers Justices of the Peace, at, or within Six Weeks after, every General Quarter Sessions held at Easter, to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 3d Day of February next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of the House who had delivered in Lists, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of

3 G the

Leave of Absence.

Motion for reading the order for Call, withdrawn.

Bill to regulate the

Wages of Labourers in

Husbandry,

presented.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

‘4UO

y lMccmo

A\

Address for List of Officers in India lately promoted.

Third Report from Select Committee appointed to consider the high Price of Corn.

the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of such Officers in India; who have lately beem promoted in His Majesty's Service to the Hunk of General Officers.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it should appear to them, Ur the House, with their . Observations thereupon; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the same, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The said Report, together with the Appendix thereunto, are as followeth; viz.

The Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the present High Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereunto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

Have received, since their First Report, a considerable Number of Returns, made by the Custodes Rotulorum of the different Counties respecting the Stute of the last Crop; together with much additional Intelligence upon that Subject, communicated by many of their Members.- They find it however impossible as yet to draw, either from these Returns or from any other Quarter, a precise Conclusion. The Returns are so incomplete in their Number, and are founded upon so many different Principles, some stating the whole Quantities of Grain produced, others the Number of Acres sown and others again the Average Produce of each Acre; and drawing, in some Instances, a Comparison with the Crop of last Year, in others with that of certain preceding Years, and in others with what is generally called a Fair Crop; that it is extremely difficult to combine and compare them, so as to state accurately the Result of the Whole.

Your Committee would have endeavoured to render this Investigation more complete, if they had not felt the great Importance of suggesting, without further Delay, such Measures as have occurred to them for alleviating an Evil which evidently exists to such an Extent as to call for the most effectual Remedy.

From the best Consideration of such Information as they have hitherto obtained, they should not feel themselves authorized in assuming, as the Ground of any Opinion they may offer, that the Deficiency of the Crop of Wheat is less than from i-5th to i-6th compared with the Crop of last Year, and from l-4th to l-5th, compared with an Average Crop. The Crop of Rye, of which no great Quantity is usually grown, may probably be considered as equally deficient: But the Crops of Barley and Oats are represented to be nearly double those of 1794, and at least i*5th better than an Average Crop.

It appears also, from the concurrent Testimony of intelligent Persons, that the Stock of Wheat in Hand

at the Commencement of; the last Harvest was- mueUi less than at the same Period of the preceding Year; and there is also Reason to believe, that a larger Quantity-has been used for Seed in the present Seed Time than ini the lasti One of the Causes of the extreme high Price which prevailed antecedent to the last Harvest, was< generally supposed to be the very exhausted State ta which the Stock of the Country had. then been reduced. In order to avoid; a Repetition of this Evdl) to the same or to a much greater Extent (if the succeeding Crop should; from unfavourable Seasons, be later or less productive than usual) it is certainly extremely desirable that the Stock remaining in die Country at the Commencement of the next Harvestshould be more adequate to die Demand than what remained this Year at a similar Period; Whatever is necessary for this Purpose, ought therefore to be added to die Amount of the Deficiency.

Your Committee: have stated diese Circumstances to the House, in order to explain more fully the Grounds of their Opinion, that there will be no Security against very considerable Distress in the Course of the ensuing Year, unless the Deficiency of Wheat and Rye can he supplied by Importation; or unless odier Mean scan be found, by which, out of the Stock of different Sorts of Grain in the Country, a comfortable and wholesome Subsistence can be furnished to the People daring the Whole of that Period.

Upon the First Part of this Alternadve, your Committee have already humbly submitted theio Opinion; and though they flatter themselves, that from, the Adoption of the Measures now in Con tern plation for the Encouragement of the Importation of Wheat, of Indian Com, and of Rye, some considerable Supplies may be procured from Foreign Parts, yet. they should think it unwise to rest in any great Degree upon die Hope that such Supplies can cover a large Proportion of the Deficiency. Your Committee would, feel great Regret in stating this to the House, if they were not also of Opinion, upon the fullest Consideration^ that the Country possesses other Resources, both more extensive and more secure, in an economical Use of the Stock of Wheat in the Kingdom, and in the abundant Crops of Barley, of Oats, and of Potatoes.

It is obvious, that there must be a very numerous Class of Families where, in Times of ordinary Plenty, the Consumption of Wheaten Bread and of Flour is by no Means an object of strict Regulation and Attention; and it can be as little doubted, that under such a Pressure as the present, an important Reduction might be effected in this Respect, without diminishing, in any Degree, the Quantity necessary for Subsistence. It is also to be remarked, that the Consumption of this Class of Persons and their Families, together with another Class, far more extensive, consists in a large Proportion of other Articles than Bread; and that the Situation of those Classes may enable them, as Circumstances require, to augment in some Degree that Proportion, and thereby to leave a larger Share of the Stock of Wheat to those for whose Subsistence it is more immediately essential.

The Reduction of the Consumption of Wheat may be considerably aided amongst this Description of Persons, and in a great Degree extended to all Classes of the People, if they can be induced to employ the other Resource to which your Committee have referred, and to avail themselves of the Abundance of other Crops to supply the Deficiency of Wheat.

For the Purpose of ascertaining in what Proportion the Articles before enumerated, and others, could be mixed with Wheat, so as to produce a Bread likely to answer the Purposes of general Consumption, your Committee have examined the Result of a Variety of

Note. — The Appendix was not delivered in to die House until the 33d Instant.

Experiments,

Vl/vf,

aiuta,

SM'r*

State in ^fn r#.

Evil in

trffigy

% 3J

is^ lor ounti

nc£j|j

roiais

;n

ant cant its of QOW

?tb

"on liflD; ue i la

13 Gao. III.

36 Geo. III. 9° Efeccfnbris 207

Experiments, made by the Victualling Office, under the Direction of the Friry Council, and ordered to be communicated' to them; and of further Experiments since made by the same Office, under the Direction of your- Committee; and have been also assisted by the Board of Agriculture, who have communicated to them. an. Account of Trials made with a. still greater Variety of Mixtures; Your Committee see no Reason to: doubt that good Bread may be made from any of these Mixtures, with no greater Proportion than Three Fifths or Two Thirds of Wheaten Flour; and there is the best Ground, for concluding that, such Bread would be wholesome and: nutritive, because in many Parts of this Country, where Labour and Industry are carried to as great an Extent as in any other, the People are wholly fed by Bread made of some one or more of the component Parts of these Mixtures. Your Committee are further encouraged in this Opinion, by finding that in the Course of the last Season the Use of mixed Bread of various Kinds has been introduced into general Consumption in many Places, whose Consumption was before confined to Wheaten Bread; that the Consequence has. been a considerable Reduction of Price to the labouring Poor in such Places; and that the Use of it has not been found to be attended with any Inconvenience. The Variety of different Species of mixed Bread is such, as to offer a considerable Number of Alternatives to different Parts of the Country; and they will be naturally led to select those which are feast foreign to their Habits, and Prejudices, and of which, from local Circumstances, they can most conveniently procure a Supply.

That the Sacrifice of some Degree of Indulgence, or of Prejudice, is one which, under the present Circumstances, can be made, and ought to be made; and that without such a Sacrifice to a considerable Extent, the Country will be exposed to still greater Difficulties than those with which it has so lately contended, is an Opinion with which your Committee are so strongly impressed, that they cannot too earnestly recommend it to the serious Attention of this House* and of the Nation at large.

Deeply, however, as they feel this Impression, they are far from proposing any Legislative Measure to enforce a Compliance with this Suggestion, They well know that the People of this, and of every other Country, are attached by Habit to their accustomed Species of Food; and that however they may, by Recommendation and Example, be induced to make a partial Change, yet any sudden and compulsory Alteration might, perhaps, be more sensibly felt than the very Grievance it was intended to remedy.

There are indeed many Precedents in the Statutes of this Country, of the Interposition of the Legislature for this Purpose, at Times when, from the less advanced State of Cultivation and Commerce, Distresses of this Kind occurred much more frequently and severely than at later Periods; and even in more recent Times, an Act passed which authorizes the Magistrates, whenever they think the Case requires, to set the Assize upon Standard Wheaten Bread alone, and thereby to prohibit the making of all other Sorts of Bread. Your Committee, however, entertain great Hopes that without applying this Principle to the present Case, the general Impression produced by the late Distress, and continued by the present Scarcity, will incline Men of all Descriptions to unite voluntarily in the only Measure which can give effectual and immediate Relief; and they conceive that if this House should give to such a Measure the Sanction of its Example and Recommendation, there could be little Doubt of its

being immediately adopted by a Proportion of the Community sufficiently numerous to secure the Attainment of the Object in View.

Your Committee beg Leave to submit this Suggestion to the Wisdom of the House; and they hope it will not be thought beyond the Line of* their Duty, if, upon an Occasion so urgent in Point of Time, ffiey presume also to suggest the principal Points which, such an Engagement ought, in their humble Opinion, to embrace.

To reduce the Consumption of Wheat in the Families of the Persons subscribing such Engagement, by at least One Third, of the usual Quantity consumed in ordinary Times.

In order to effect this Purpose, either to, limit to that Extent the Quantity of fine Wheaten Bread- consumed by each Individual in such Families;

Or, to consume only mixed Bread, of which not. more than Two Thirds shall be made of Wheat;-Or, only a proportional Quantity: of mixed Bread, of which more than Two Thirds, is in$de of Wheat;

Or, a proportional Quantity of Bread m^de of Wheat alone, from which no more tha$ Five Pounds of Ijlran. is excluded.

If it should be necessary, in order to effect the Purpose of this Engagement, to prohibit the Use of Wheaten Flour in Pastry, and to diminish, as much, as possible, the Use thereof in other Articles than. Bread.

By one or more of these Measures, ojr by any other which may be found equally effectual, and more expedient and practicable, in the respective Situations of Persons subscribing, to ensure to the utmost of their Power the Reduction above mentioned.

This Engagement tp continue in Force until Fourteen Days after the next Session of Parliament, unless the Average Price of Wheat shall, before that imp, be reduced to an Amount to be specified.

APPENDIX to the Third Report frorn the Select Committee appointed to tqke so to Consideration the present high Price ojf Corn.

The Committee beg Leave to lay, before the House, as an Appendix to their last Report, an Account of the Experiments made by the Victualling Office upon different Kinds of mixed Bread, under the Directions of the Privy Council, and of this Committee. Lhey have not thought it necessary to add the Account of the Experiments made by the Board ptf Agriculture, as they understand that it is the Intention of that Board tq communicate that Account to the Public, together with their Observations thereupon.

The Committee have proceeded to take into further Consideration different Branches of this extensive Subject. Being aware, however, that some of them contain Matter which ought not to be made the Object of Regulation, except upon mature Deliberation, and a clear Conviction of Necessity, they have thought it most consistent with their Duty, to defer making any further Report till after the Recess: But they beg Leave to add to this Appendix, a few of the Papers which have been communicated to them; not as intimating any Opinion whatsoever, as to the different Observations and Suggestions contained in these Papers; but with a view of drawing Attention to the principal Points, of which it may be necessary for the Committee to resume the Consideration.

Vol. 51.

Appendix,

Appendix, No. 1.

Victualling Office, 11th November 1795. An ACCOUNT, shewing the Produce of One Quarter of Wheat, Barley, Oats, and Rye, respectively, dressed through a Thirteen Shilling Cloth, and of the Denomination of Standard, or the Whole of the Flour of the Grain, from which the Loaves, presented to a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons on the 9th Instant, were manufactured, as specified in the accompanying Schedule.

Species of Weight per Weight of the Meal. Loss on The Whole of the Grain Loss on Bran.

GRAIN. Bushel. Whole. grinding. dressed through a 131. Cloth. dresiing.

lb. o*. lb. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz.

Wheat - 59 9i? 476 n 470 8 -J 6 3 t 381 9* — 3 T 88 11 |

Barley - 49 10 ts 397 ? 388 15 8 2 f 286 7 J 3 1 1 99 6

Oats - 40 11 TI 325 13? 3H 5 11 8* 137 11 i 1 7 f 175 2

Rye ... 54 >°A 437 4 ? 433 11 3 9 312 14 1 14 H» H- r- 00 r-«

Victualling Office, nth November 1795.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Produce of One Quarter of Wheat, Barley, Oats, and Rye, respectively, dressed through a Twenty-one Shilling Cloth, and of the Denomination of Household Flour, from which the Loaves, presented to a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons on the 9th Instant, were manufactured, as specified in the accompanying Schedule.

Species of GRAIN. Weight per Bushel. Weight of the Whole. Meal. Loss on grinding. Fine Flour, j Middlings. Loss on dressing. Bran.

Wheat - lb. oz. 59 912 lb. oz. 476 114 lb. oz. 470 8| lb. oz. G 3 t lb. oz. 279 6 lb. oz. 100 4 lb. oz. 2 3 it*. 02. 88 11 *

Barley - 49 i° A 397 1 i 388 15 8 2 1C0 8 123 2 5 15 99 G

Oats - 40 11 ?! 325 13? 314 5 11 8i 64 3 70 6 4 10 175 2

Rye ... 54 10 A 437 4? 433 11 3 9$ 191 14 H7 13 5 i* 118 14 f

N* B, — The several Species of Grain above-mentioned were British, and of the Growth of the present Year; and cost, on the 2Gth October 17 95, as under:

t. d.

Wheat - - 99 — ~\

Oats - - - 29 61 ~

Barley - - 3(5 _ Quarter.

Rye - - - 50 6j

1. Bushels. lbs.

At which Time the Middlings from Wheat were worth 9G per Quarter, of 10 of 5G each: and the Bran - - from Ditto - - - - 10 per Ditto, - of 16 of lG each:

But the Value of the Middlings and Bran produced from the other Species of Grain, the Victualling Board are not of themselves competent to speak to.

Appendix, No. 2.

Victualling Office, 8th December 1795.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Produce of One Quarter of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Rye, and Indian Corn, respectively, dressed through a Twenty-one Shilling Cloth: Prepared in pursuance of a Letter from the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Chairman of the Corn Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th November last.

Species of GRAIN. Weight per Bushel. Weight of the Whole. Meal. Loss on grinding. Fine Flour. Middlings. Loss on dressing. Bran.

lb. oz. Ib. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz. lb. oz. Ib. or. Ib. oz.

Wheat - 59 476 lit 470 00 G 3t 279 6 IOO 4 2 3 88

Barley - 49 10 tV 397 It 388 15 8 2? 1G0 8 123 2 5 15 99 6

Oats - 40 325 13? 3H 5 11 «t c4 3 70 6 4 10 175 2

Rye 54 445 00 Ml*- 437 4t 8 4 191 H 117 13 8 11 118 Hi

Indian Com 52 12 422 6 415 15 6 7 124 12 204 9 1 77 4

N. B___The several Species of Grain (excepting the Indian Corn) above-mentioned were British, and of the present Year; and cost, on the 26th October 1795, as under:

Wheat - -Oats - - -Barley - -Rye - -Indian Corn

S. d.

99 —

29 6 38 -

50 6 46 —

► per Quarter. $.

Bushels. lbs.

the Growth

At which Time the Middlings from Wheat were worth 96 per Quarter of 10 of 56, and the Bran - - from Ditto - - - - 10 per Ditto - of 16 of 1G:

But the Value of the Middlings and Bran produced from the other Species of Grain, the Victualling Board are not of themselves competent to speak to.

Victualling Office, 8th December 1795.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Produce of Seven Pounds (being the stipulated Quantity allowed for Two Quartern Loaves) of sundry Mixtures of Grain, and of Grain and Potatoes, directed to be baked into Bread: — Shewing the Weight of Dough made therefrom, the Quantity required for making Two Quartern Loaves, according to the usual Custom of the Town Bakers, being 9 lb. 10 oz. or 41b. 130Z. each; — the Weight it turned out over or short thereof; — and the Wreight of the Bread when taken out of the Oven, and w hen cold. Prepared in pursuance of a Letter from the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Chairman of the Com Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th November last.

FLOUR. DOUGH. BREAD.

DESCRIPTIONS of BREAD. Weight allowed for making Two1 Quartern Loaves, at Weight after being properly mixed with Yeust, Salt. Over or short of the W'eight allowed. Weight when taken out of the W'eight when cold.

3 lb. 8oz. each. and W ater. Over. Short. Oven.

N° 1. 2/3 Wheat, 1/3 Indian Corn -2/3 Ditto, 1/3 Barley - lb. 7 lb. oz. I1 9 lb. oz. 1 15 lb. oz. Ib. oz. 8 10 Ib. oz. 8 7

2. 7 10 14 1 4 - 8 7 8 31

3. 2/3 Ditto, 1/3 Oatmeal - 7 10 8 — 14 - 8 9 8 4*

4- 2/3 Ditto, 1/3 Rye 7 10 15 1 5 - 8 9 8 5i

5* 2/3 Ditto, 1/3 Potatoes - 7 8 if - — 11 8 ii 7

6. 3/5 Ditto, 1/5 Indian Corn, and 1/5 Potatoes 7 9 — 2 - 8 11 } 8 7

7* 3/5 Ditto, 1/5 Barley, and 1/5 Potatoes 7 9 - — 4 9 3? 8 14

8. 3/5 Ditto, 1 Is Oatmeal, and 1/5 Potatoes - 7 9 10 - . 8 12 8 7i J 8 134 7 9

9- 3/5 Ditto, 1/5 Rye, and 1/5 Potatoes - 7 9 5 — 5 1 — 8 14

10. 11. 3/5 Ditto, 1/5 Indian Corn and 1/5 Barley -3/5 Ditto, and 2/5 Potatoes ... 7 7 11 3 8 10 9 T 9 7 11

208 9° Decembr is.A. 1795.

36 Geo. III. 9° Decembris. 209

Appendix, N* 3.

COPY of a Letter from Charles Dundas, Esquire, to the Chairman of the Committee appointed to enquire into the high Price of Corn.

SIR,

As many of the Members who have attended the Committee appointed to enquire into the high Price of Corn, may visit their Constituents during the Christmas Recess, I beg Leave to call their Attention to a Subject which I conceive does most materially affect the Sale of Wheat; and to propose a Remedy for some Part of the Grievances which are now complained of, meaning that our Constituents may be consulted, during the Adjournment of Parliament, on the Practicability of adopting Weight as a Regulator of Measure; which appears to me to be the only just Criterion of the Quality of Corn.

By this, Jobbing would be annihilated, and Certainty would be established in the Returns of your Markets, and in the Profits of the Miller, Mealman, and Baker. At this Instant, notwithstanding the prevailing Opinion, that the Winchester Bushel is the legal Standard, yet there does not exist a certain Measure in the Kingdom. The Bushel kept in the Exchequer is less than Eight of the Standard Gallons there, the Gallon less than Four Standard Quarts, and the Quart is more than Two Standard Pints. The Bushel of Queen Elizabeth, 1601, contains 2,124 Cubical Inches; the Gallon of the same Date, 271 Cubical Inches; and the Pint, dated 1602, 34A Cubical Inches. Therefore the Inequalities of your regulating Standard Measures are as follow:

Cubical

13 William III. C. 5. Round 18 f Inches, Inches, Diameter 8 Inches deep - - - 2,150

The Standard Bushel in the Exchequer - 2,124

Eight of the Standard Gallons - - 2,168

Thirty-two of the Standard Quarts - - 2,240

Sixty-four of the Standard Pints - - 2,227

But this Inequality of your Standard Measures, is not the Grievance of which I particularly complain. It is, the uncertain Practice of selling Com in the Country Markets by Measures of various Sizes; which is an evident Fraud on the Consumers of Bread, and an Advantage to none but the Jobbers in Corn; who, from Practice, are as well acquainted with the Size of every Farmer's Bushel as with his Face. As the Measure varies almost every Ten Miles, the Difference is a great Encouragement to Com Dealers; and the Public are deceived by seeing in the Gazette the Account of the Prices of Grain in different Counties, which cannot be accurately collected, whilst the Measures so locally differ.

In Markets where Certainty of Measures is not strictly attended to, all Averages must be false. In many, where the Nine Gallon Measure is customary; I have know Measures of Ten Gallons (and, what is a shameful Fraud on the Consumer, Gentlemen's Bushels of Ten Gallons and a Half.) The Dealers,

knowing this, give an advanced Price for the largest Measures; consequently, when the Average of the Market is struck, and a Return made by a Reduction of the customary Measure of the Market to Winchester Measure, the Price of the Measures of Ten Gallons being ranked as Nine Gallons, they raise the Price of the Article considerably above the Value it sold for. In other Markets, where no Average is taken, the Price of Bread is generally fixed from the highest Sale of the best Wheat which has been in the Market; consequently, the Price of Flour, bearing a proportionate Value to the Wheat of which it is made, and that being put at an higher Average (owing to this false Return) it follows, that Bread is sold at a

Vol. 51.

dearer Rate than it would be if the Sale of Wheat was property regulated.

It will be said, Why is not the Use of the Winchester Bushel enforced, as the Law directs? This has been attempted during the last Century without Success; it is a very unpopular Proceeding to bring this forward. The lower Orders of People detest it, from the smallness of its Contents; and the Dealers in Provisions instigate them to this, it being their Interest to retain every Uncertainty in Weights and Measures; and this cannot be enforced but by Informations, which do not suit the honest Character of the People of this Country; but if it was brought into general Use, Certainty (which is one Object of this Letter) could not be obtained; for in the Act of measuring, no Two Men fill the same Quantity into the same Bushel; and the Manner of striking the Measure is as uncertain as that of filling it. Weight, regulated by the Thirty-fifth of George the Third, which gives the Magistrates a Power of preventing false Weights, would remedy this, and prove the Difference of the Quality of good and bad Wheat, which is supposed to be nearly One Third; this Difference will shew the Fallacy of the original Formation of the Bushel, which is to contain 495,040 Grains of Wheat, " well dried, and gathered " out of the Middle of the Ear;" notwithstanding the re is perhaps as much Difference in Ears of Wheat, arising from Soil, Climate, and Culture, as there is in the uncertain Measures of this Kingdom. The System of weighing Corn is practised in many Parts of the Country: It is authorized to be done by the 31st of George the Third, in which Act the respective Weights of all Grain taken by the Bushel, and also of the Meal of the different Grains, is inserted; and as most Com Dealers buy according to , their Judgment of the Weight of the Grain, and all Millers weigh their Com on its being delivered at the Mill, the Regulation which I propose would not be strange to them, and it will place the Shopkeeper, Manufacturer, and Labourer (who purchase Wheat for their own use) on a fair Footing with Dealers. It will reward the industrious Farmer, by giving the highest Price to the best and cleanest Com, while it exposes the idle and slovenly Farmer, by reducing his Price to the proportionate Quality of his unproductive Grain.

Salt was originally sold by Measure — it is now sold by Weight (56 lb. to the Bushel) the Act which regulated this, in one Instant equalized all the Salt Measures in the Kingdom; the same Effect would follow a similar Proceeding in the Sale of Corn, by which the Assize on Flour might be justly set, and the Relation between the Articles of Corn, Flour, and Bread, clearly ascertained and fairly regulated; and the Magistrates should be empowered to controul the Clerks of Markets, Millers, and Bakers, so as to prevent Fraud, which is the only Object of any Regulation which I wish to propose: But perhaps, if the Quantity to be weighed in the Market was declared to be not less than a Bushel, this would meet the Ideas of many Gentlemen who now complain of the Difficulty of the Poor becoming the Purchasers of small Quantities of Corn, and are desirous of having that Quantity pitched in the Market as a Sample. And also as the Weight of the Bushel of different Grain is fixed by the Thirty-first of George the Third, C. 30, I shall add that Regulation to what I wished to submit to the Consideration of the Committee. By the Thirty-first Geo. III. C. 30.

A Bushel of Wheat, weighing 57 lb. Avoirdupoise, Rye - - 55

Barley - - 49

Beer or Bigg - 42

Oats - - 32

shall be respectively deemed equal to every Standard Winchester Bushel.

3 H Wheat

Third Report on High Price of Corn.

51 H. III. ia*6.

210

9° Decembris. . 1795.

Wheat Meal Wheat Flour Rye Meal - 53

Barley Meal - 48

Beer or Bigg Meal 41

'Oatmeal - 2ft

- 56 lb. Avoirdupoise,

- 55

shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of the unground Grain whereof it is made; and what will not pass through a 14s. Cloth is to be considered as Wheat Meal.

If therefore the Committee are of Opinion that the Introduction of the Use of Weight, to regulate and ascertain the Measures of Corn, is likely to produce Certainty in the Returns from the Markets of Corn in this Kingdom, and by a just and clear Statement of the Relations between the Prices of Wheat and Flour, to enable us to prevent Fraud, and to supply the Inhabitants of the Country with Bread at a more moderate Rate than it has lately been sold for, allowing a fair Profit to the Persons employed in the manufacturing of these Articles, I would recommend the following Resolutions, or such as would enable the Committee to act with Certainty in setting the just Values on Flour and Bread.

1. That Returns shall be made of the Corn sold from every Market Town in England, stating the Quantity and the Weight of the Grain sold in such Markets.

2. That in striking the Average of the Grain so sold, it shall be computed from the Weight of such Grain as that is fixed by the Thirty-first of George the Third,

C. 30.

3. That a certain Quantity of the Grain intended to be sold, not less than One WBushel, shall be pitched in the public Market, and the Weight of the Wheat, or other Corn, openly marked on such Sample.

4. That the Weight of the Bushel, and the Quantity of the Com sold, shall be delivered, with an Account of the Price, to the Clerk of the Market, for the purpose of making his Returns, and also to prove the Quality of the Corn, if the Quantity sold should prove on the Delivery to be of an inferior Quality to the Sample produced in the Market.

MILLERS.

1. To keep a regular Account of the Weight of all Corn delivered at their respective Mills for the Purpose' of being ground.

2. To grind all Grain separately, Maslin excepted.

3. To keep a regular Account of the Produce of the said Grain, subject to Inspection of the Magistrates of the County or District where the Mills are situated, when they shall find Occasion for setting an Assize on Flour or Bread.

4. Persons who have had Com made into Flour at any MiH, to have the Option of paying the Miller's Toll either in Money or in Kind (Meal) as they choose.

5. That nothing in this shall affect the Customs of Soke Mills, as for as relates to their ancient Tenures 5 but that the Magistrates shall have a Power of examining their Books as above.

When I propose these Resolutions to the Committee, it is for the Purpose of drawing their Attention to the Subject, and to request of them to converse with their intelligent Neighbours in the Country, who are either Farmers, Flour Dealers, or Bakers. I have received several Letters on this Subject, containing Opinions of Persons of Experience and Practice. They all agree in the Justice of the Plan I propose; dome dread the Dislike which attends every Thing that is new; but almost all allow that the improvement would be of

considerable Benefit to the Country. I am particularly satisfied by the decided Opinions (in Favour of Weight being the Regulator of Measure) of Mr. Strutt oiTerRng, of Mr. Davies of Longleat, and Mr. of Wincanton (in their Letters to Mr. Morton and of Mr. Billingsley of AsharstGrove, in Somersetshire; Gentlemen who are so fit to judge, from their Ability, Experience, and Judgment in these Matters. Mr. Billingsley is desirous that the Weight of the Grain should be put higher than it is directed by the Thirty-first of George the Third. I have subjoined his Letter to this, that the Weight he recommends may be considered.

I have only to add, that should the Committee, on their Return to Parliament, approve of the Proposal I have now made, and it is thought of too great Importance to be contained in a Part of the Act for regulating the Objects which now engage the Attention of the Corn Committee, I wHl (unless some Gentlemen of more Consideration will undertake it) move for Leave to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes stated in this Letter, " To use Weight as the Regulator of Measure, " in buying and selling of Corn;" not intending to carry the Bill through the Houses of Parliament in this Session, but that it should be printed and distributed in the Country, and brought forward hereafter, if it should be generally approved.

1 have the Honour to be, with much Respect,

Your obedient Servant,

Barton Court, near Newbury, Charles Dundas.

December 7, 1705.

COPY of a Letter from Mr. Billingsley to Charles Dundas, Esquire.

Dear Sir,

Should Parliament think proper to alter the present Mode of selling Grain, and to substitute Weight instead of Measure, I think the Standard should be fixed rather high than low.

Suppose the following:

Wheat - 63)

Barley - 52 or 531

Oats - 38 or 40J

per Winchester Bushel.

It is not only my own Opinion, but also that of the most intelligent Farmers and Corn Dealers in our Part of the Kingdom, that such an Alteration would be highly conducive to the general Weal of the Kingdom.

I am,

Ashurst Grove, Dear Sir,

December6, 1795. Your most humble Servant,

J Billingsley.

To Charles Dundas, Esquire.

December 10th, ft 795-P. S. — Since I had the Honour of submitting the above Letter to the Committee, I have received several Letters from Gentlemen of Experience and Judgment in the Country, on the Proposal of substituting Weight as the Regulator of Measure in the Sales of Com; all of whom (except Two very respectable Men) approve of the Plan. The Two Gentlemen I allude to, say there will be an Alteration without an Improvement; their Reasons have however relieved my Doubts, as they rest their Opinions on Two Grounds:

1st. That weighing will occasion Trouble.

2d. That it is already practised by all skilful Purchasers.

In Answer to the first — When a Load of Wheat is delivered, if the Sacks should be suspected to be small, they are sooner weighed than measured; and if the Com is not as Clean as the Sample was, the Weight will prove this, which cannot be done by Measure.

In

211

36 Tjeq. III. 9 Dectmhris.

In loading and unloading of Ships, after having ascertained the Weight of a Box. or Machine to run the Wheat into, the Weight of the Grain would be much sooner proved, than the Quantity by Measure.

adly. As to the present Practice of Weight being used, I am well acquainted with this Circumstance, and it is a very obvious Reason for endeavouring to make the Mode general, as by this public Regulation, Fraud would be prevented, and the Labourers or Manufacturer's purchasing Corn would be put on an Equality, with the most artful Seller. — I have introduced the pitching of a Bushel in the public Markets, to meet the Wishes of many respectable Mem here of the House of Commons, in consequence of Applications from their Constituents, who have found great Difficulty in procuring Wheat to purchase. But as pitching a Bushel may be attended with an inconvenience to the Farmer, and also raise the Price of that small Quantity to the Poor; and as compulsive Regulations are considered by many as unjust and impolitic, in the Sale of an Article the Growth of which is optional; I beg to 6uggest to the Committee the Propriety of empowering the Magistrates of Towns, the Clerks of the Markets, or the Overseers of the Poor in their Parishes, to open or authorize Shops (under the Regulation of their Justices of the Peace) to supply the Labourers, Manufacturers, Poor, &c. of their Parish, with any Quantity, from One Peck to One Quarter of Corn, at the Market Price, with such Addition as would be necessary to pay the Attendance of a Person to retail it This Increase of Price would be very inconsiderable, and would be much less than the Value of the Time which would be thrown away by the Purchaser waiting in the Market, or his Loss by his Ignorance of the Quality of the Commodity.

What I have said respecting Millers, appears to me roost necessary to do away the present Opinion, that the high Price of Flour is in some Degree owing to the Millers or Mealmen: but as a respectable Baronet has brought forward a Bill on this Subject, the Resolutions contained in my Letter respecting Millers may be rendered unnecessary, except in drawing the Attention of the Country to the Consideration of these Subjects, which I hope will be the consequence of the Attention which has been paid by the Committee to enquire into the Causes of the High Price of Corn.

A Table, like the following, might regulate the Prices of a Market, as far as related to the Quantity and Weight:

lb. lb. £. s. d.

Co or 59 per Bushel - 12 — — pet' Load.

58 — 57 D* - - 11 6

56 — 55 D* - 11 15 —

54 — 53 D# - 11 12 6

52 — 51 D* - - 11 10 —

50 — 49 . D* - - 11 7 6

Thus 11, log. per Load Difference would be made in the Price, where 28 lb. per Sack was the Difference in Weight, which would be Five Half Hundreds in a Load of Wheat, which is the exact Weight of a Sack of Flour, and which the best Wheat would produce more than the lightest — I have added this as a Rule to settle any Dispute, in case the Wheat delivered under a particular Sample should prove lighter than the Bushel or Sack registered with the Clerk of the Market

I will only add, that from every Conversation which I have had with Farmers, Mealmen, and Millers, since this Subject has been brought forward, I am convinced that the Use of Weight, as the Regulator of Measure, will prevent Fraud in Dealings in Corn, and will enable the Magistrates or others to regulate the Price of Bread by the Average Price of Wheat or Flour, instead of being fixed by the highest Price of Wheat, as it is at present C. D.

Vol. 51.

Appendix, N° 4. Third

on His

EXTRACT of a Letter from Mr. to '

William Morton Pitt, Esquire.

Longleat, 2 2d November 1795.

Your Question, " Whether it be possible or proper,

" that Farmers who sell their Corn by Sample,

" should be obliged to bring the Whole, or a certaio " Quantity of it, to Market ? " involves so many Objects of Consideration, that I must beg your Leave, not only to give nay Opinion, but to state my Reasons at some Length.- — The Subject is a serious One, and I trust you will not thiok me more prolix than it requires.

The Difficulties in reducing this Plan to Practice seem to be these,

1st. The Infrequency of Market Towns in many Parts of the Kingdom, and the Distance from those Towns to the Places where Corn is consumed.

2d. The increased Expence of carrying Corn to Markets, and then, in many Instances, bringing it back again, to be consumed near the Spot where it grew.

3d. The Impolicy (if not Injustice) of restraining, by compulsive Means, the Sale of an Article, which; however indispensable in itself, has as fair a Claim as any other Article of Trade to a free and voluntary Mode of Sale; especially an Article of which the Growth is optional on the Part of the Seller.

4th. The absolute Impossibility of securing a constant uniform Supply on every Market Day, sufficient for the Consumption of the District dependant on that Market, till the next Market Day.

The above are my Doubts, as to the Practicability or even Possibility of carrying a Plan of this Kind into Effect: — My Opinion is, that it can do but little Good, and may do a great deal of Harm; and I take the Liberty of supporting that Opinion by the following Reasons:

The present, and indeed every Scarcity of Com, arises chiefly from a Failure of Crops.

That Failure must be compensated to the Grower (who is obliged to pay the same Rent in all Seasons) by an encreased Price. — That Price is always regulated by the Demand. — -The great , is to keep the Demand and the Supply as nearly regular as possible. The Proposal now made to the Committee has that End for its Object: I have, with all Deference, to prove that it is inadequate.

I live in a Situation most likely to furnish me with the Means of Information; viz. at the Junction of the Country which produces Corn, with the Country which consumes it, within Five Miles of the great Com Market of Warminster.

From Warminster, for near Forty Miles Eastward, through Wilts and Hants, is a Country which does not consume One Fourth Part of the Com it grows. — From Warminster, for near Forty Miles Westward, through a great Part of Somersetshire, and including Bath and Bristol, is a Country which does not produce One Fourth Part of the Corn it consumes.

The other Three Fourths of the Corn consumed in the latter District is brought chiefly from the former (for the increased Population of the North has deprived Bristol of the Resource it once had down the Seocm.) Warminster and Devizes are the principal Markets by which this Quantity is supplied. From these Towns to Bristol and Bridgewater there is not a Market where Com is exposed for Sale in Bulk. But would it be politic to compel the Growers of this One Fourth Part of the Consumption of Somersetshire to bring it to Westminster or Devizes, or to Bridgewater or Bristol, to sett it, to be carried back again to be consumed at the manufacturing Towns of Frome or Shepton

pteafoly

Third Report on High Price of Corn*

'ZVZ br necembris. A. lYb/D.

possibly within a few Miles of the Place of its Growth, at an advanced Price, occasioned by this useless Carriage *.I may be asked, Why cannot Markets be held at these Towns ? I answer, the Establishments of Markets are not the Work of a Day — and suppose they were established, still that would not encrease the Quantity of Corn grown in that Country. The Dealers must still go Eastward for Three Fourths of their Supply, to the Neglect of their own trifling Markets, which of course would soon come to nothing again.

The avowed Object of the Plan before the Committee is, doubtless, to defeat a supposed Combination between Buyers and Sellers of Corn to keep up its Price, and to lay the Markets open to a fair Competition; and a very laudable Object it is. I have already stated my Doubts as to the Possibility of carrying this Plan into Execution, or indeed any Plan that would defeat this Kind of Combination; but I have very great Doubts in my own Mind as to the Existence of this Combination to the Extent we frequently hear of and still greater as to the Magnitude of the Injury supposed to be done thereby to the Public: I am sensible I am taking the unpopular Side of the Argument. I think you agree with me in some Parts of it at least; and if you do not, I am sure you will not be offended at my giving my Opinion.

That a Combination should exist among Farmers is impossible — they are too numerous, and many of them too necessitous, ever to act in Concert.

Rich Farmers may undoubtedly, (and this Year they have done it) keep their Wheat from Market. In Times of Scarcity, like the last Months of and July, it is well they did; we should otherwise have been quite starved in August. The Shortness of the Supply then produced a Saving in the Consumption, and thereby the Stock in Hand lasted out. Suppose we had had a wet Harvest! In that Case the new Corn could not have been ground without an Addition of old. The rich Farmers who had Wheat left would then have been useful Men. The Fact speaks for itself.

As to Jobbers of Com, these Men may combine together; their Number is but few, comparatively speaking, but how do they combine? Not to raise the Price of Corn, but to sink it! Warminster Market, though a Sack Market, and not a Sample Market, is in a great Measure governed by these Men; and were it not for them, Bath and Bristol must be fed much dearer than they are now. If these Men cannot get Corn at one Market they go to another, and if there is not enough at Market they go to the Farm Houses. But when they get to the Places of Consumption, there the Combination ends, and Competition begins. Less Profit will suffice these Men than the Expence that would be incurred by Ten Times the Number of Bakers or Maltsters, coming Twenty or Twenty-five Miles to Market. In fact, had it not been for Men of this Description, Bristol would have starved last Summer. — There were Instances, more than Once, of that City being without a Fortnight's Supply of Com. These Men knew it, and ransacked the Country for more. They did it for their own Sakes, and thereby served the Community.

But even admitting a Combination between Farmers and Jobbers to exist in any particular Country; the Moment Corn gets above the Price at which it would bear the additional Expence of Carriage Ten Miles farther, there is an End of the Combination; and if it was possible the whole Kingdom could combine, an

Importation from any Country where it could be got cheaper would instantly knock it up. In fact, these very Men, though dealing at all Times under Suspicions, and this Year frequently in Danger of their Lives, are the very Hands that transfer the Plenty of one Country to relieve the Distresses of another; and though in all former Periods, as well as now, they have in Times of Dearth been pointed at as the Cause of it, they have to my Knowledge this Year more than Once saved whole Towns from Famine. In fact, Times of Scarcity are favourable to this Set of Men. They are then (against their Will, I allow) particularly useful to all Countries who do not grow Corn enough for their Consumption. In Times of Plenty, they cannot exist to answer their own Purpose. In those Times they are not wanted.

But the great Evil which we in this Country feel, and which our great Com Markets rather encourage than prevent, is the Inequality of Measures by which Com, and particularly Wheat, is sold; I do not speak of the various Provincial Measures. It is immaterial to a Country whether Eight, Nine, or Twelve Gallons are sold for a Bushel, provided all Parties understand what the Measure is.

But in this Country, in all Villages and small Towns where there is no Assize of Bread, the Baker sells his Bread and his Flour at his own Price, for which he always quotes the highest Market Price of Wheat; a few Farmers, who happen to have extraordinary good Wheat, make a Point of adding Two or Three Quarts to the Measure. This Sack of Com, so much better and bigger than the Average of the Market, will frequently sell for One Fifth more than inferior Samples of fair Measure in the same Market. This high Price, and which it is the Interest of the Buyer to give, forms a Standard of Price of Bread and Flour for the ensuing Week. No existing Laws are adequate to the Remedy of this Evil, for as neither Buyer nor Seller complain, who is to re-measure this Corn, though sold in a public Market? Besides, there is so much Art in measuring Com, that Two People may make several Quarts Difference in a Sack, and yet both appear to measure fair. If any Remedy can be applied to this Evil, it must be by a Compulsion to sell Corn by Weight. — This is done by Choice at and Liverpool, and in this Country the Buyer always asks the Weight, though he does not buy by it. In fact, Weight determines the Quality as well as the Quantity. If Weight was adopted, the Price would be nearly equal, and it would then be possible to frame a fair Assize Table, which in my Opinion is impossible to do from Measure, especially in such a Year as this, when the Difference in the Price of good and bad Wheat is full One Third.

I cannot help thinking, that if this Measure was tried a Year, it would be found efficacious. It would do one Thing in an Instant which the Legislature has not been able to do in a Century — " equalize all the various " Measures of the Kingdom."

Appendix, N° 5.

COPY of a Letter from Sir Francis

Baronet, to the Chairman of the Com Committee.

Upper Grosvenor Street, Dec. 22d, 1795.

Sir,

Many Complaints having been made in different Parts of England, of the Hardships suffered by the

The Proposal made in the Committee of obliging Farmers to bring at least a Sack of Corn to Market as a Sample, or even a Bushel, is objectionable. The latter Quantity, small as it is, cannot be brought Ten Miles under an Expence of Two Shillings, and nobody could buy it at that additional Expence, unless they also contracted to take a greater Quantity with it to cover that Expence. The Poor, for whom it is intended, could never buy it. Besides, in all manufacturing Countries the Poor seldom buy Wheat at Market, or would if they could. The Labourers in Agriculture in the Villages buy it of the Farmers for whom they work. The Manufacturers live from Hand to Mouth, and buy Bread ready baked. Besides, it is seldom reckoned how much a poor Man loses in Time and Expences in going to Market to buy Corn, even if he could buy it.

Poor

36 Geo. III. 9° Decembr. 213

Poor from the present Mode of Payment for grinding Corn, and also of the Difficulty of obtaining Redress whenever there is a Suspicion that Frauds are practised by the Millers; I beg I^eave, through you, to submit to the Corn Committee a Plan for remedying these supposed Grievances.

I would propose, in the first Place, to alter the present Custom of taking Toll, into a uniform Payment in Money, to be settled by the Justices, with respect to all Mills where such Alteration would not interfere with peculiar Rights established by the Courts of Law. 1 further propose to enable those Persons who may in future think themselves aggrieved by Millers, to obtain Redress by a summary Proceeding before Two Justices of the Peace, instead of being obliged to have Recourse to so expensive and so tedious a Process as an Indictment. As the Law stands at present, the Proprietor of an old Mill may take his accustomed Toll; but as that Toll is known only to himself (for it is rarely avowed to his Customer) this gives him a considerable Latitude, and is a constant and never-failing Source of Jealousy to those who employ him. I have just said that the Customer seldom knows what he pays; but in the few cases which have come to my Knowledge, where the Miller professes to take a fixed Toll, it varies from Three to Six Pounds Winchester Bushel, besides the Allowance of from a Pound to a Pound and a Half for Wastage. In taking Toll, the Miller, by uniform Custom, helps himself from the Top, which consists of the best and finest Flour. It appears then, that the Proprietor of an old Mill may take such Toll as is justified by Custom; but the Owner of a new Mill may take what Toll he chuses, according to the Opinion of Lord Holt, in the Case of The King and Burdett; this, probably, is the only existing Case in which a Tradesman arbitrarily fixes the Price of his own Labour, without acquainting his Employer what his Terms are.

The Millers of course profess to take a fair Price for their Labour, and could not therefore, I presume, reasonably object to a Regulation obliging them to receive a fixed Payment in Money, instead of an arbitrary and uncertain Toll in Grain; indeed, if they are convinced that the Complaints alleged against them are unfounded (as in many Cases they probably are) they would rather rejoice, to see a Mode of Payment adopted, by which all Jealousies will be avoided in future, and by which they would receive an adequate Compensation for the Labour performed, and the Capital employed. The Toll, as now taken, is certainly extremely oppressive to the Poor, who pay the most when they can the least afford it; and if Frauds are ever practised by Millers they are most likely to take place when there is the greatest Temptation, that is, when Com bears a high Price.

It will not be necessary to say much respecting the Preference which a summary Proceeding must have over an Indictment. An Indictment is attended with a great certain Expence, with considerable Delay, is liable to much Evasion and Uncertainty as to the Issue; the Expence of an Indictment, if traversed, amounts to at least Seven Pounds: This Circumstance alone, would make it impossible for a poor Man to have Recourse to it; and, indeed, would render it imprudent even for a wealthy Person, as in most Cases he would find the Remedy worse than the Disease. But the Delay is another main Objection to proceeding by Indictment, for, if traversed, it cannot be tried till the Sessions after it is laid; but, after all, if neither Expence nor Delay are considered as sufficient Objections, it must be observed, that when the Cause is brought to Issue, though the Complainant may prove that the Miller has taken exorbitant Toll, the Indictment must fall to the Ground, provided it appears either that the Predecessors of the Miller have

Vol. 51.

taken the same Toll, or that he is the Proprietor of a Third Report new Mill. on Wgh

The Measure I have in View, contains some other of ^orn‘ Regulations, but they are chiefly subordinate, and connected with the Two Objects which I have stated.

If the Plan I propose should be adopted, I think few Disputes could hereafter arise between Millers and those who employ them, as the chief Subjects of their usual Differences, namely, the Exorbitancy and Uncertainty of the Toll, would no longer remain. But if, contrary to my Expectation, there should be any Complaints in future, they would be settled at a small Expence, and without any Delay, before Two Justices of the Peace, probably well known to both the contending Parties. I propose that the Decision of the Justices should be final, for the Purpose of avoiding Expence and Delay; but if this Powrer is thought too great to be lodged in the Hands of these Magistrates, an Appeal may be allowed to the Quarter Sessions.

I beg Pardon for taking up so much of your Time on this Subject, which really appears to me important, and therefore to deserve the serious Consideration of the Corn Committee.

I have the Honour to be.

With great Truth and Esteem,

Sir,

Your most faithful and

Most obedient Servant,

Francis Basset.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on hi8h Price to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed. That the Order of the Day, for the House to reading the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Committee upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made on°Pwr in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Relief Bill, First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws re- withdrawn.

" lating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief " of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday (which was presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer) be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being posed, That an humble Address be presented to Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of House for His most Gracious Message:

To acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude

King's Message for Vote of Credit, and respecting & Negotiation for Peace, considered; and Address thereupon.

pro-

His

this

and

3l

Satisfaction,

214 9° Deeembris. A. 1795.

Satisfaction, His Majesty's Condescension and Goodness, in having been graciously pleased to acquaint us, that the Crisis, which was depending at the Commencement of the Session, has led to such an Order of Things in France as will induce His Majesty (conformably to the Sentiments which he has already declared) to meet any Disposition for Negotiation on the Part of the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect, and to conclude a Treaty for General Peace, whenever it can he effected on just and suitable Terms for Himself and His Allies:

To assure His Majesty, that, until that desirable Period shall arrive, it is our firm Determination to continue to afford His Majesty that vigorous Support which we are persuaded is essential to the most important Interests of His Kingdoms; and that it will yield us the highest Gratification if His Majesty's powerful Preparations and Exertions, added to the recent and important Successes of the Austrian Armies, and to the continued and growing Embarrassments of the Enemy, should have the happy Effect of speedily conducing to the Restoration of General Peace, on such Grounds as the Justice of the Cause in which this Country is engaged, and the Situation of Affairs, may entitle His Majesty to expect.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " Your Majesty's faithful Commons having " thus manifested their Determination to give Your Majesty the most vigorous Support in the further " Prosecution of the War, in case just and reasonable tC Terms of Peace should be refused on the Part of the " Enemy, and having declared the cordial Satisfaction " they feel at Your Majesty's Gracious Intention to " meet any Disposition to Negotiation on the Part of " the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give it the " fullest and speediest Effect, cannot at the same Time " avoid expressing the deep Regret they feel that <£ Your Majesty should ever have been advised to " consider the internal Order of Things in France to " have been such as should not have induced Your Majesty at any Time to meet a Disposition to Nego-

tiation on the Part of the Enemy:

u And, Your Majesty's faithful Commons feel them-ts selves, at this Conjuncture, the more forcibly called " on to declare this Opinion, because if the present <£ existing Order of Things in France be admitted as " the Motive and Inducement to negotiate, a Change " in that Order of Things may be considered as a €i Ground for discontinuing a Negotiation begun, or

O O D '

" even for abandoning a Treaty concluded:

" Wherefore Your Majesty's faithful Commons, " duly reflecting on the calamitous Waste of Treasure, " and of Blood, to which, it is now manifest, the act- ing on this Principle may have so unfortunately " and so largely contributed, and greatly apprehensive " of the grievous and ruinous Consequences to which " the persevering to act on such a Principle must " inevitably tend, do humbly and earnestly implore " Your Majesty, that it may be altogether abandoned " and disclaimed; and that the Form of Government, " or Internal Order of Things in France, whatever " they be, or shall become, may be no Bar to a Negotiation for restoring to Your Majesty's Subjects the " Blessings of Peace, whenever it can be effected on " just and suitable Terms for Your Majesty and Your " Allies:

" And, as the principal Bar to a Negotiation for " Peace appears to have been Your Majesty's having " been hitherto advised to consider the Order of " Things in France, as precluding Your Majesty from " meeting a Disposition to Negotiation on the Part of " the Enemy, Your faithful Commons now humbly beseech Your Majesty, to give Your distinct Directs,

" tions, that an immediate Negotiation may be entered " on for the above salutary Object."

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House of the 26th Day of January, in the last Session of Parliament, " That, under the present Circumstances, this House feels itself called upon to " declare its Determination firmly and steadily to " support His Majesty in the vigorous Prosecution of " the present just and necessary War, as affording, at " this Time, the only reasonable Expectation of permanent Security and Peace to this Country; and " that, for the Attainment of these Objects, this House " relies with equal Confidence on His Majesty's Intention to employ vigorously the Force and Resources " of the Country in Support of its essential Interests; " and on the Desire, uniformly manifested by His Majesty, to effect a Pacification on just and honourable Grounds with any Government in France, under " whatever Form, which shall appear capable of maintaining the accustomed Relations of Peace and Amity " with other Countries," might he read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be added at the End of the Question be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message:

To acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude and Satisfaction, His Majesty's Condescension and Goodness, in having been graciously pleased to acquaint us, that the Crisis, which was depending at the Commencement of the Session, has led to such an Order of Things in France as w ill induce His Majesty (conformably to the Sentiments which he has already declared) to meet any Disposition for Negotiation on the Part of the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect, and to conclude a Treaty for General Peace, whenever it can be effected on just and suitable Terms for Himself and His Allies:

To assure His Majesty, that, until that desirable Period shall arrive, it is our firm Determination to continue to afford His Majesty that vigorous Support which we are persuaded is essential to the most important Interests of His Kingdoms; and that it will yield us the highest Gratification if His Majesty's powerful Preparations and Exertions, added to the recent and important Successes of the Austrian Armies, and to the continued and growing Embarrassments of the Enemy, should have the happy Effect of speedily conducing to the Restoration of General Peace, on such Grounds as the Justice of the Cause in which this Country is engaged, and the Situation of Affairs, may entitle His Majesty to expect.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most gracious Message of Yesterday (which was presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas) be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved,

Message referred to Committee of Supply*

King's Message respecting Disembarkation of Foreign Troops considered; and Address thereupon.

36 Geo. III.

9° — 10° Decembris.

215

Resolved \Nenrine Contradicen, That an bumble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's Message to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Tobacco and Snuff Duty Bill, presented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to permit Bakers to make certain Sorts of Bread, ordered.

Mr. Ryder, from the Select Committee who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

And Mr. Ryder moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, presented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Tomorrow Morning.

Petition in favour of the Bills for

preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.

Bill to permit Bakers to make certain Sorts of Bread, presented.

Ml for the more expeditions Conveyance of Writs, deferred;

regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to " the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within the Kingdom, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to pro-" hibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines " or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; " and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out " for Home Consumption, on Payment of Dutyand to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ways and Means deferred.

Poor Relief Bill, deferre

Supply deferred.

Bill to prevent Obstrui tions to the free P&ssage of Grain, &i deferred.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheat, Ac. deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, Gentry, Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Great Torr'mgton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, fully sensible of the great Excellence of the British Constitution, and the many invaluable Blessings they enjoy under it, cannot behold, without Horror and Detestation, the daring Attempts that have been lately made to overthrow it; which Attempts they conceive to originate, in a great Measure, from those factious and seditious Meeting?, in which, under the Pretence of Reform, Doctrines and Principles are maintained and propagated subversive of Order and good Government, and tending to Democracy and Anarchy: The Petitioners therefore, convinced of the Necessity of restraining these dangerous and disorderly Meetings, and looking upon the Bills, lately brought into the House, for restraining the same, and for securing His Majesty's Person and Government, as well calculated to answer those Purposes, modified as they now are, humbly pray the House, That they will pass the same, or adopt such other Measures as they, in their Wisdom, may think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Jovis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Praters.

A BILL to vary and alter the Line of the Canal Bill to vary

SjL authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the the Line of - . ~ Jr„- ,r . the Newbu

Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Bath intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable Canal from canal Act, " the River Rennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, &c. comin the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or miUednear the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable,

" Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Chute, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Falck's Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Christopher Falck: Nat. Bill> And the same was received; and read the First Time. Presented-Resolved, That the Bill be r^ad a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and Voe. 51.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, Blaauw'* commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw, was read the Nat. Bill, Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw.

Ordered,

1U Decem

A. UVb

Petition to liter and imend Holton nclosure and having, &c. \ct.

Vakefield jghting and Vatching, ic. Petition.

M±o

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the* Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Commissioners for executing an Act, made for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Bolton Moor, in the County of and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common " or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other " the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster, and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating, the Streets, Imies, " Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great " Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said "Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines " and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for " licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, " within the said Tow nsin pursuance whereof, the several Lands therein mentioned have been set out and divided, as by the said Act is required, and the several Lots have been contracted for, and leased by the Commissioners therein named to several Persons, at and under certain Rents in those Leases and Contracts expressed and specified; and that it has been since found that many of those Leases and Contracts were made upon Terms much less beneficial to the Tenants than was expected or intended, and by Reason of the high Rents at which the said Lots are set, and from other Circumstances, they cannot improve their several Allotments in such a Manner as to afford a permanent Security for their Rents, and that several of the Allotments so leased and contracted for, have, by the Failure of the Tenants, fallen into the Hands of the Commissioners, who have not again disposed thereof, nor have the Trustees under the said Act received any Rents therefrom; and that the said Lessees, and Persons so contracting with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, have applied to the said Commissioners and Trustees for Relief in the Premises, which they are unable to grant without the Aid of Parliament; and the said Act has also in several other Respects been found defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town, are not properly lighted, watched, or cleansed; and that, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, were properly lighted, watched, and cleansed, it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience, to the Petitioners and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and also to Persons resorting to, or travelling through, the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Hobart,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and Petition Inhabitants, of the County of Durham, whose Names njj*,1"?th® are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, venting'sedj'' and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have tiousMeet-' observed, with extreme Disquietude of Mind, that a ings; and for Bill has been brought into the House, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meet- pe^naJ&ct} ings and Assemblies, the Effect of which Bill will, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, be the Destruction of those Liberties which, at the ./Era of the Resolution, the People of this Country did claim, demand, and insist upon, as their true, ancient, and indubitable Rights: That the most important and valuable of those Rights are the Freedom of Public Discussion, and open, frequent, and unrestrained Communication between the different Branches of the Legislature and the People of these Kingdoms, and that without such free and open Communication the Grievances of the People cannot be made known to those in whom the Constitution has lodged the Power of redressing the m:

That the Exercise of those Rights, hitherto unfettered and deemed inalienable, will, by the Provisions of the said Bill, be placed under the Controul of Magistrates, who are constituted sole Judges of the Sentiments that may be uttered, of the Manner in which a Grievance may be stated, or a Privilege asserted; and to differ with them in Political Opinion subjects the Person so differing to Arrest, in Violation of the Fifth Clause of the Bill of Rights, which declares, " That it is the " Right of the Subjects to petition the King, and all " Commitments and Prosecutions for such petitioning " are illegal:" The Petitioners therefore humbly pray the House, That the afore-mentioned Bill may not pass into a Law: The Petitioners further beg Leave to express their Sentiments upon another Bill, now depending in the House, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the Petitioners conceive that the Experience of upwards of Four-hundred Years has proved, that the clear and comprehensive Provisions of the Statute of the 2.5th of Eduard the Third have afforded as effectual a Security as Laws can provide for the Preservation of the Lives of our Sovereigns, even in Times the most turbulent — That the Creation of new Treasons have been found to endanger and not ensure their personal Safety — therefore, as loyal Subjects, the Petitioners cannot but deprecate a Bill, which, without creating an additional Protection to the Person of His Majesty, is calculated to harrass the Subject with an Accumulation of Treasons: That the Misdemeanor, at which another of the Clauses of the said Bill is directed, is described in such vague and ambiguous Terms as to comprehend, in its penal Operation, every Exercise of the Right of examining Public Affairs, and Matters of Government, either by speaking or writing, and therefore eminently threatens the Overthrow of the Liberty of the Press, that Palladium of English Freedom; and that also, the novel Punishment thereby created, as adapted to Offences of that Nature, is repugnant to the mild and merciful Spirit of the Laws of England: That in the Attachment of the People to those Laws will ever consist the real Safety of the Monarch, and the Prosperity of these Realms: The Petitioners therefore further pray, That the last mentioned Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Petition from Paisley, in Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- TWnCoun-titioners have seen, fora considerable Time past, with cil of Paisley,

t|i« in fayour of D* Bills.

Petition in favour of the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, Sec.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petitions in favour of Measures for the above mentioned Purposes.

36 Geo. III. 10° Decembr217

the deepest Regret and Astonishment, the shameful Endeavours of designing and ambitious Men to disseminate Doctrines and Opinions totally subversive of our happy Constitution; and to such may be attributed the late daring Attempts which disturbed the Deliberations of Parliament, and endangered the Life of our most Gracious Sovereign: The Petitioners therefore pray, That such Measures may be adopted as shall appear to the House most effectual for the better securing His Majesty's Person and Government; and for preventing in future all Seditious Meetings and Assemblies; and they beg Leave to express their Approbation of the Bills lately brought into Parliament, as well calculated to produce this desirable Purpose.

A Petition of the Bankers, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , and its

Neighbourhood, whose Names and Designations are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, firmly attached to that free Constitution, as vested in King, Lords, and Commons, under which we have enjoyed so many invaluable Blessings, and deeply impressed with a Conviction of the Danger arising from the Dissemination of Doctrines and Opinions subversive of its Principles, feel it their Duty to express their decided Approbation of the Bills introduced into Parliament, for the more effectually securing the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government; and for preventing all Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That, considering the present State of the Country, and the peculiar Circumstances of the Times, the Petitioners confide in the Wisdom and Energy of the Legislature, that those Bills may be passed into Laws, and every other Measure may be adopted which may tend to the Preservation of good Order and Public Tranquillity, so essentially necessary to the Protection of our Persons, Properties, and Privileges, and to the Security of our Religion, Trade, and Manufactures.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Perth and its Neighbourhood, North Britain, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have beheld, with the utmost Concern, the unremitting Efforts of certain seditious Persons and Meetings to overturn the Constitution of this Country, and feel the deepest Regret and Astonishment at the daring and wicked Attack made upon His Majesty's sacred Person while going to discharge the Duties of His exalted Situation: Relying entirely upon the Wisdom of Parliament to take pro]>er Measures for securing His Majesty's Person and the Constitution in this alarming Crisis, the Petitioners should not have thought of obtruding themselves upon Parliament had they not observed, that Petitions are daily presenting against the Two Bills now pending for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government; and for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That the Petitioners are most decidedly of Opinion, that some additional Laws are necessary, at the present Time, to repress the Spirit of Dissatisfaction and Sedition which has, of late Years, shewn itself in Shapes and Forms unknown to our Ancestors, and for which, therefore, it is not surprizing that the existing Laws do not afford an adequate Remedy: From the Measures which are at present pursuing in Parliament, the Petitioners have the fullest Confidence that such prudent and necessary Laws will be enacted as may tend to the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person, and the more effectually to prevent Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, which it is their earnest Wish may be adopted as speedily as possible.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Heretors, and InhabitaQts, of the Town and Port of Leith, whose Names are thereto subscribing, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

Vol. 51.

Petitioners, warmly attached to the Cause of true Liberty, and to that free Constitution protected by which we and our Forefathers have enjoyed so much Happiness and Prosperity, have contemplated, with the deepest Regret, the Conduct of certain Societies and Individuals, who, for Years past, have endeavoured to effect the Subversion of the established Government, and the Destruction of the British Constitution: Unwilling as the Petitioners are to obtrude their Opinions on the Deliberations of Parliament, they feel themselves called upon, in the present State of the Country, and the Circumstances of the Times, humbly to pray the House, to proceed in the Exercise of those Powers with which, for the Good of the People, it is by the Constitution invested, by adopting Measures for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person, and for the Suppression of Seditious Meetings; Meetings, which the Petitioners consider, as hostile to true Liberty, as threatening Destruction to the Persons, the Property, and the Privileges of Britons, and as tending to bring on this Nation those Calamities which have desolated other States and Countries in Europe, where social Order has been subverted, Religion overthrown, and Humanity extinguished.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe that Two Bills are pending in the House, one for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies: Impressed with an unalterable Attachment to His Majesty's Royal Person, and to the excellent Constitution of this Country, the Petitioners earnestly pray the House to adopt effectual Measures for those important Purposes, being fully convinced that the Interference of the Legislature is become indispensably necessary, to discountenance and defeat those wicked Principles and Designs, which have a Tendency to introduce the Miseries of Confusion, Tyranny, and Rapine, in the Place of those mild and beneficent Laws which have so long protected the Liberties and Property of the Inhabitants of these Kingdoms.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Queensferry, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, attached in the warmest Manner to the happy Constitution of their Country, feel high Indignation at the Outrage offered it, in the audacious Attack made on His Majesty's Person, as He was proceeding to open the present Session of Parliament, and having Cause to apprehend that this daring Insult was chiefly occasioned by the previous Meetings of the Disaffected and Seditious, the Petitioners feel themselves called on to express their Approbation of the Two Bills now depending in the House, the one for His Majesty's Safety and Preservation against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; the other for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies — That, while the Petitioners regret the alarming Circumstances of the Times, which require such vigorous Interposition of the Legislature, and having perfect Confidence in the House, they willingly signify their Assent to Measures which they consider not only as expedient but as absolutely necessary for defending and protecting the glorious Fabric of the Constitution under which we have the Happiness to live: The Petitioners therefore pray, That the House may be pleased, for a limited Time, to pass the said Two Bills into Laws, or to pass such other Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government, and for the more effectual preventing Seditious Meetings, as to their Wisdom may seem meet.

3 K A Petition

Petitions in favour of Measures for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition against the Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings.

Petition against the Bills for the Safety of His Majesty's Person, &c.; and for preventing Seditious Meetings.

218 10" Decmbris. A. 1795.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Villages of Renton, Brnhill, Alexandria, and Neighbourhood, near Dumbarton, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, viewing with Regret and Indignation the late daring Outrage committed against His Majesty, find these Feelings much increased by seeing it made a Pretext for introducing into the House a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, and which they consider as a wicked and open Attempt to deprive the Subject of their Right of petitioning the Legislature for Redress of Grievances, a Right which they have enjoyed particularly since the Resolution, and which is secured by the Bill of Rights, &c. but of which they will be deprived, should the said Bill pass, as it subjects all Popular Meetings to the discretionary Power of Magistrates, under the Influence of the Executive Government, and thereby prevents free Discussion and Enquiry: That we have been called a free and happy People, but, after the said Bill shall have been made Part of the Law of the Land, we will no longer have Reason to exult in cither our Freedom or Happiness, and yet, should any one have the Temerity to call the Existence of these Blessings in Question, the unfortunate Enquirer will be subjected to the severest Penalties: That the Petitioners would humbly represent to the House, that, in their Opinion, coercive Measures ought not to be resorted to but in Cases of the greatest Emergency (and certainly no such Case exists at present) as they are inimical to the Principles of our Constitution, and instead of being productive of Good, will, the Petitioners are afraid, be attended with the most fatal Consequences: They therefore, looking upon the House as the proper Guardians of the People's Rights and Privileges, earnestly c itreat the House will not suffer the said Bill, so tyrannical in its Principle and Operation, to pass into a Law under any Modifications; and the Petitioners also petition the House to take such Measures as, in their Wisdom, they may see proper, for putting a speedy Termination to the present destructive and ruinous War, which the Petitioners look upon as the Source of the many Hardships under which the Country groans.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, viewing, with extreme Surprize, and with great Alarm, the Introduction of Two Bills into Parliament, the one intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; and the other, An Act to prevent seditious Assemblies; which they conceive to be Infringements upon the Constitution, and Violations of their best Rights and Liberties, have met in the Coffee Room of the said Borough, to beg of the House, that they will, at this awful Crisis, act as behoves the Representatives of a People firmly attached to the Constitutional Liberties of their Country, and oppose their Authority to this Innovation, unprecedented since the Resolution of 1688: That, whilst the Petitioners lament the late Insult offered to the Person of the King, they conceive that the existing Laws are adequate to the Punishment of the Offenders, and, if properly enforced, sufficient to prevent a Repetition of such Outrages: That the Petitioners, knowing the distressed Situation of the great Majority of the People, are decidedly of Opinion, that, to deprive them of the Means of complaining will, in the Issue, drive them to Measures which may be fatal to the Safety and Prosperity of their Country: The Petitioners therefore earnestly pray, That the House will put their decisive Negative upon those Bills, which, if they pass into Laws, will render nugatory the Bill of Rights, and overthrow the most valuable Privileges of Britons.

A Petition of the Persons thereto Subscribers, iu- Petitions habitants of the City of Edinburgh, and of the Noigh- against tb> bourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; for Setting forth. That the Petitioners participate with the House, and the w hole Nation, in the universal Sen- Person, 4c.; timent of Abhorrence to the late Outrage offered to and forpre-His Majesty's Royal Person, while in the Exercise of ventinR^ His Duty as supreme Magistrate, and as they cannot ^ous 51<*1' doubt, that tire utmost Zeal and Activity of the officers of Government will be exerted to discover, so the Petitioners derive the highest Satisfaction from the Reflection, that the existing Laws are sufficient to reach and to punish such atrocious Offenders: That the Petitioners entertain a sincere Attachment to the British Constitution as established at the Resolution, which, while it laid the Foundation of His Majesty's Title to the Throne of these Kingdoms, secured to the People their indisputable Right of free and public Discussion, the Claim of Rights having expressly declared, *' that " it is the Right of the Subject to petition the King," a Right, involving in its very Nature the Power of assembling, and of free and public Discussion and Deliberation on the Subject of such Petitions: That the Petitioners now however behold, with Astonishment and the deepest Regret, Measures utterly inconsistent with those invaluable Rights, adopted by His Majesty's Ministers, and introduced by them into Parliament in the Form of Two Bills, the one purporting to be a Bill to secure His Majesty's Person and Government, and the other purporting to be a Bill to prevent seditious Meetings and Assemblies; for, although the Titles of both Bills carry a fair and imposing Aspect, yet the Petitioners cannot help considering them, in their Enactments and Effects, as Two Parts of one System, having a necessary Tendency to undermine and subvert the free Constitution of Great Britain, in the Preservation of which, as established at the Resolution, we possess the deepest and most important Interest that can belong to Men in a State of Society: That, in this View, those Two Bills appear to the Petitioners to be in the highest Degree alarming and dangerous, because they invade the fundamental Principles of Freedom, which the Resolution had recognized, and which the Claim of Rights liad expressly protected; because they impose unexampled Restraints on the tree Exercise of Rights, avowed by the Constitution itself, striking equally against the Liberty of the Press and the Freedom of Public Discussion; because they villit'y and degrade the Name anti Office of Magistracy, by converting Magistrates into State Spies, to whose arbitrary Will and Discretion the Personal Liberty, and even the Life, of every Man, in every Public Meeting for the Consideration of Public Grievances, arc universally subjected; because they are thus adapted, by preventing a free Communication and Union of Sentiment among the People, to impose Silence under the most galling Oppression, to subdue, and, by Degrees, to extinguish the free-born Spirit of the Nation, and to implant throughout, in reference to Political Rights and Duties, the Seeds of profound Ignorance and abject Servility; and, because they are in this Manner calculated, in their Nature and ultimate Consequences, to produce a Tyranny more humiliating and severe than that from which the British Nation fondly flattered itself it had been for ever redeemed by the memorable Resolution: The Petitioners therefore most earnestly pray the House not to pass those Bills into Laws.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Dundee, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner have heard, with the deepest Regret, of a most daring Attack upon the Person of His Majesty on the First Day of the present Session of Parliament; but, while in common with all good Subjects, they deplore this unfortunate Event,

they

vy

k

nd

its

f CSHiK(-i *

» SOAe to Qf

° % i

TitJei

Nk

cus4

' >

(life

id Dfr

at & *0®

'dsea |h'i at a 1 be t

wuat

itsei

(»tin

in. R

of OK aed

Petitions against the Bills for preventing Seditious Meetings; and for the Safety of His Majesty s Person, &c.

in [if

idfts,

uteres

Ik

boras

;em\

b i

d

ltd:

the

[ion

tie

'M

a*

3

1/

7

1

A

the

d

1 all

k}'

36 Geo. III. 10°

219

they have seen it with heart-felt Sorrow made the Pre-' text for introducing into Parliament Two Bills, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies; and, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts; which they cannot but consider as, in foe highest Degree, hostile to some of the best Rights and dearest Privileges of Britons: That the Petitioners conceive the Right of Public Meeting and-Discussion, with a free and unrestrained Use of the Press, to be essential Parts of the British Constitution, secured to the Subjects by the Bill of Rights, and other Public Acts, and of which they cannot be deprived without the Subversion of that Constitution under which the Inhabitants of this Country have long enjoyed Prosperity and Happiness: That the Petitioners, alarmed for the Safety of Privileges so justly held sacred by Freemen, do make a solemn Appeal to the Justice of the House, and earnestly implore that the Inheritance transmitted by our Ancestors may not be torn from us, but that we may be left in the full Enjoyment of it ourselves, and enabled to transmit it unimpaired to Posterity: And therefore praying the House not to pass into Law those Bills, so inimical to the Liberty and Happiness of Britons.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Heritors and Parishioners of the Parish of East County of Lanark, convened at the Church by Public Adver-

tisement, 30th November 1795, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seriously alarmed at the Bills now pending in foe House, especially the one set forth to be for preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, which, if allowed to pass into a Law, may tend to subvert the Principles of that venerable Constitution, under which our Forefathers and us have experienced so many National Blessings: That the Petitioners hold in the utmost Detestation the Insult offered to the Person of His Majesty, and do most sincerely express their Abhorrence of all Promoters of Anarchy and Confusion: but they humbly apprehend the existing Laws of the Land are amply sufficient (as the Experience of former Ages have found them) to repress every possible Act of Treason or Sedition: That the Petitioners, being convinced the Security of His Majesty's Person and Government will ever be best maintained in the Affections of His People, therefore praying, That the House will reject those Bills, which, if permitted to pass into unnecessary and oppressive Laws, may, in their Effects, endanger the Peace of the Country, and the Existence of our happy Constitution.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Heritors and Parishioners of the Parish of Old Monkland, County of Lanark, convened at the Church by Public Advertisement, ist December 1795, wa8 also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are seriously alarmed at the Bills now pending in the House, especially the one set forth to be for preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, which, if allowed to pass into a Law, may tend to subvert the Principles of that venerable Constitution under which our Forefathers and us have experienced so many National Blessings: That the Petitioners hold in the utmost Detestation the Insult offered to the Person of His Majesty, and do most sincerely express their Abhorrence of all Promoters of Anarchy and Confusion; but they humbly apprehend the existing Laws of the Land are amply sufficient (as the Experience of former Ages have found them) to repress every possible Act of Treason or Sedition: That the Petitioners being convinced the Security of His Majesty's Person and Government will ever be best maintained in the Affections of His People, therefore pray, that the House will reject those Bills, which, if permitted to pass into unnecessary and oppressive Laws, may, in their Effects, endanger

Vol. 51.

the Peace of the Country, and the Existence of our happy Constitution.

A Petition of foe Inhabitants of the City of Edin- Petitions burgh and its Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereto " favour subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; th®safety of Setting forth, That the Petitioners, warmly attached His Majesty'* to the Cause of true Liberty, and to that free Consti- Person, &c.; tution, protected by which we and our Forefathers and for. have enjoyed so much Happiness and Prosperity, have s^lltiousS contemplated, with the deepest Regret, the Conduct Meeting*, of certain Societies and Individuals, who have, for Years past, endeavoured to effect the Subversion of the established Government, and the Destruction of the British Constitution: Unwilling as the Petitioners are to obtrude their Opinions on the Deliberations of Parliament, they feel themselves called upon, in the present State of the Country, and the Circumstances of the Times, humbly to pray the House to proceed in the Exercise of those Powers with which, for the Good of the People, it is by the Constitution invested, by adopting Measures for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person, and for the Suppression of Seditious Meetings, Meetings which the Petitioners consider as hostile to true Liberty, as threatening Destruction to the Persons, the Property, and the Privileges of Britons, and as tending to bring on this Nation those Calamities which have desolated other States and Countries in Europe, where social Order has been subverted, Religion overthrown, and Humanity extinguished.

Another Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh and its Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, warmly attached to the Cause of true Liberty, and to that free Constitution, protected by w'hich we and our Forefathers have enjoyed so much Happiness and Prosperity, have contemplated, with the deepest Regret, the Conduct of certain Societies and Individuals, who have, for Years past, endeavoured to effect the Subversion of the established Government, and the Destruction of the British Constitution: Unwilling as the Petitioners are to obtrude their Opinions on the Deliberations of Parliament, they feel themselves called upon, in the present State of the Country* and the Circumstances of foe Times, humbly to pray the House to proceed in the Exercise of those Powers, with which, for the Good of the People, it is by the Constitution invested, by adopting Measures for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person, and for foe Suppression of Seditions Meetings, Meetings which the Petitioners consider as hostile to true Liberty, as threatening Destruction to the Persons, the Property, and the Privileges of Britons, and as tending to bring on this Nation those Calamities which have desolated other States and Countries in , where

social Order has been subverted, Religion overthrown, and Humanity extinguished.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of York, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Measures are now depending in Parliament for the better Security of His Majesty's Person, and for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: That the Petitioners are affected with tire most lively Grief and Abhorrence at the late atrocious Attack on His Majesty's Person, wrhen on the Way to and from His House of Parliament, and hope, with Confidence, that the Perpetrators of an Outrage so daring and treasonable may be speedily brought to condign and exemplary Punishment: That foe Petitioners being convinced that the Prosperity and Happiness of the Nation are inseparably united with the Safety of His Majesty's Person, entreat that such Laws may be, without Delay, enacted as the Wisdom of the House

shall

220 10° DecembrisA. IT95.

shall deem proper for the more ample Security of His Majesty: That the Petitioners, having witnessed the Evil resulting to the State from divers ill-disposed Persons convening large Assemblies of the People, in which they disseminate licentious Principles, destructive of the Order and the Happiness of Society in general, and subversive of the Principles of our glorious Constitution, think it necessary that a new Law should be framed to meet this new Emergency, and look up to the Constancy and Wisdom of the House for the Adoption of such Measures as shall effectually prevent the further seditious Practices and Attempts of the Ill-affected against His Majesty's Government.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and prin-Rochdale, to cipal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of tiHeries from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was

using British- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That made Me- the Petitioners, observing that a Bill is now before the lasses. House for restraining Distilleries, beg Leave to re-

present that British-made Melasses is a principal Part of the Food of the Manufacturers and Labourers in the said populous and trading Country, as a Substitute for Milk and Butter, and that, if the Distilleries are permitted to use British-mudc Melasses, the Price will be considerably raised, and the Distresses of the Poor, already deeply suffering from the Dearness of Provisions, be greatly increased: And therefore praying, That the House w ill insert in the said Bill such Clauses as they shall think proper, for restraining Distilleries from using British-made Melasses.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pill for pro- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the maldn °of6 Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue, Spirltsffrom for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Wheat, See. last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to pro-read the " hibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines Hurd lime. or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other " Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; " and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for " Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third

ffV

i line.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " upon " WednesdayMorning next."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill j

Debate on an And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Amendment, Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To-adjourned. morrow Morning.

Bill for the

Safety of His Majesty's Person and Government, passed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lSh' W Young, \ fi i ellers for the Y cas>\Alr. Smy(k . j 220.

[Mr. ]

Tellers for the Noes,' Mr. Whitbread, > 45.

[Junior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in I'r. 3. I. 4. by leaving out the Words " that " Part of."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fLo-d Viscount Bel-

1,

84.

27.

grave,

{Mr. Anstrul/ier: J

Tellers for the Noes, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on hlSh 1>nce consider further of the present high Price of Corn; ferred'

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Page have Lcuve to go into the Leave of Country, for a Fortnight, for the Recovery of his Absence-Health.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Tobacco and of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, was, according to Snuff Dun-Order, read a Second Time. mitted°m"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Bill for rais-Way of Annuities, was, according to Order, read a ing a Sum by

Second Time. Annuit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. commit

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts Bill to permit of Bread, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. Bakers

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Bread, com-of the whole House. mitted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Assessed a Bill for granting to His Majesty further additional Taxes Duty Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Ma- Pre‘ nagement of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, seute therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

36 Geo. III. 10° — 11° Dc

r c 'V

1 k

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bills for He- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Drawbacks a for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties &c. on Sugar, now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar: And the presented. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

'h Printed Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

Stuffs Dut a for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Bill present- of Excise on printed -Paper and printed Stuffs: i ed. And the same was received: and read the First

| Time.

!>i Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Poor Relief Bill deferred.

wt

us

nat-

te

sb-

U

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to " the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

i®‘ Bill allowing The ingrossed Bill to prevent Obstructions to the ^rTTc. free Passage of Grain, and of other Provisions, within passed. ' the Kingdom, was, according to Order, read the Third gj Time.

v Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom, jg- Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

« Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 Pr<^eed"1K* The House was moved, That an Act, made in the a Judicabire Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Att. for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused

D of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lists which had been before delivered , in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the

v said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon

Si the Table;

£ The said Lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker,

taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lists be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same, and report to the House, upon Monday next, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists:

And they are referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Burton, £ Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Smith, Sir William Young, Mr.

o- Eliot, Mr. Rose, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Dent, Mr. Sargent,

1* Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Burden,

Mr. Praed: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Vol. 61.

Veneris, 11* die Decembris;

Anno 36° Georgii IIPa Regis, 1795.

Praters.

MR. Holden Strutt reported from the Committee* Folketfo*e to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of reported the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, and its Environs, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been com-; plied with; but that it appeared to them, that the Petitioners had not determined to apply to Parliament until the Month of November last; and that, owing to the very bad State of the Pavement of the said Town, very great Inconveniencies would arise if Power were not given, in the present Session, to carry the Intentions of the Petitioners into Execution; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Reynolds being examined, said, That the Town of Folkestone is a large and populous Sea Port, and has of late much increased in its Buildings — That the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town, are very badly paved and cleansed, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Parts narrow, incommodious, and dangerous; and the Witness added, that if the said Streets and other public Passages and Places were properly widened, paved, and cleansed, and the Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein removed, and prevented in future, the same would tend to the great Convenience and Benefit, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town, but also of all Persons resorting thereto, and passing through the same.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the Christmas Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Kent, and Three Times in the Newspaper called Kentish Gazette, in the present Month of December, and in the Month of January, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Report.

A Petition of the Customary Tenants, and others, Dartmoor having Right of Common in the Forest of Dartmoor, Inclosure and in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, Peti*

and read; Setting forth, That the Forest of Dartmoor, within the Manor of Lidford, of which His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales is seised in Himself and his Heirs, as Parcel of the Possessions of the Dutchy of Cornwall, is a large Tract of Waste Land containing many Thousand Acres, the Whole of which, except the ancient Customary Tenements held of the said Manor, and certain Parcels of Land, called New-takes, is Open and Uninclosed, yielding very little Profit, and destitute in a great Degree of Inhabitants: and that a large Portion of the said Open and Uninclosed Land in the said Forest is capable of being improved, brought into a State of Cultivation, and rendered of much greater Advantage, as well to the said Dutchy of Cornwall, and the said Customary Tenants, as to the Public at large: That great Part of the said

3 L Forest

Order respecting Bolton Inclo-Mire,&c. Act, discharged, and Petition referred.

Committee to sit Tomorrow.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Dunton Bassett Inclosure Bill committed.

Stoke Roch-ford Inclosure Petition,

222 11° Decembris. A. 1795.

Forest is likewise so far distant from any Parish Church, that the Inhabitants thereof are seldom able to attend Divine Service at any Place; and it will be of great private Convenience to such Inhabitants that a Church should be built, and a new Parish and Rectory erected within the said Forest: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Forest, and for erecting a new Parish and Rectory within the 6ame, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Rode,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Commissioners for executing an Act, made for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Bolton Moor, in the County of Lancaster', and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Chute, Sac.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House, will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties, of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Curzon, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Edmund Turner, Junior, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manors of North Stoke and South Stoke, alias Stoke Ro in the County of Lincoln, and is Proprietor of above Nine Parts in Ten of the Common Fields, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the same, which cannot be effectually divided, allotted, and inclosed, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to divide, inclose, and allot the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold, and Mr. , Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Watkin Levees reported from the Committee, to St. Bnd<j

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- p«auoo selves and others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed reported, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint , in the City of London, and for providing a Work-house for the same Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act w as read: — Ana,

Mr. Abel Bradley being examined, said. That the Trustees have made a great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have expended the Sum of Six thousand Pounds authorized to be raised thereby; but that the Whole of the Works directed to be done by the said Act cannot be completed, unless the said Trustees are empowered to borrow a further Sum of Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act: And that Sir 1Catkin Levi es, the Lord Mayor of LMr. Alderman

Anderson, and Mr. Alderman Lus do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Cranford Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King the Bnd?e'

First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re- committed! pairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ahkcorth Neville, Sir William Young, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Reymer-Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within *tone, Letm, the several Parishes of Rcynicrstone, Let ton, Cramcorth, *c-Incl(Sore and Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the Courtty of Norfolk, ^'coinm was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed in and Petition toob-by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for divid- XsRotb»ell ing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, Haigh bdo-called Rothwell Haigh, within llothwell, in the West awe Act. Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have divided the said Land, and, by their Award, duly executed, have assigned and allotted the several Parts or Shares thereof: That, previous to the Execution of the said Aw'ard, several Persons, having Right of Herbage upon the said Tract of Land, sold, or agreed to sell, their Rights thereon separate from

their

11° Decemlris.

223

36 Geo. III.

their Lands, or other Properly to which such Rights were appurtenant, and in consequence of such Sales or Agreements, the Petitioners (apprehending the y were authorized so to do) did, in and by their said Award, assign and allot to the several Purchasers of the said Rights, such Parts of the said Tract of Land as the several Persons who had sold, or agreed to sell the same, would have been entitled to, in case no such Sales or Agreements had been made, and the several Persons, to whom the said Allotments have been made, have held and enjoyed the same ever since the Execution of the said Award; and that Doubts have lately been entertained whether the Petitioners were strictly authorized to make Allotments to the Purchasers of any Common Rights, separate from the Lands or other Property to which such Rights were appurtenant, as there is no express Power given in the said Act to enable Persons, entitled to such Rights, to sell and dispose of the same separate from the Lands or other Property to which such Rights were appurtenant previous to the making and executing the said Award: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to obviate any Doubts touching the Validity of the Award made by the Petitioners respecting such Allotments as aforesaid, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

'Assessed Taxes Duty Bill, committed.

Bill for Reduction of Drawbacks, &c. on Sugar, committed.

Printed Paper and Stuffs Duty Bill, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the BiM for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself in a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on printed Paper and printed Stuffs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House °®. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities, be now read.

Voi.51.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry to Mr. Dunda* the Lords the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, c^ny, to. An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His e

Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable Safety of and seditious Practices and Attempts; and acquaint His Majesty's their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the Per8on>&c-same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of Order for the House, be now read. charged*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pric#

to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, om‘ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Mayor of London accordingly reported Reported, from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in consequence of the high Price and deficient Supply of Wheat, it is expedient to adopt such Measures as may be practicable for diminishing the Consumption thereof, during the Continuance of the present Pressure, and for introducing the Use of such Articles as may conveniently be substituted in the Place thereof.

The said Resolution being read a Second lime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

The Lord Mayor of London also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Resolved, That it is expedient an Engagement should Resolutions be entered into, by such Members of this House as may [°Joe^ring chuse to sign the same, to the following Effect: Engagement

To reduce the Consumption of Wheat, in the Fa- for lessening milies of the Persons subscribing such Engagement, the Con-by at least One-third of the usual Quantity consumed wheatT ° in ordinary Times. In order to effect this Purpose — either to limit to that Extent the Quantity of fine

Wheaten

Committee appointed to draw up an Agreement pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Second Report from Committee appointed to enquire who was the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled,

" Thoughts " on the " English " Govern-M meat."

11" Dectmbris. A. 1795.

Wheaten Bread consumed by each Individual in such Families — Or to consume only mixed Bread, of which not more than Two-thirds shall be made of Wheat — Or only a proportional Quantity of mixed Bread, of which more than Two-thirds is made of Wheat — Ora proportional Quantity of Bread made of Wheat alone, from which no more than Five Pounds of Bran Bushel is excluded: And, if it should be necessary in order to effect the Purpose of this Engagement, to prohibit the Use of Wheaten Flour in Pastry, and to diminish as much as possible the Use thereof in other Articles than Bread — By one or more of these Measures, or by any other which may be found equally effectual, and more expedient and practicable in the respective Situations of Persons subscribing, to ensure to the utmost of their Power the Reduction above-mentioned — This Engagement to continue in Force until Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, unless the Average Price of Wheat shall, before that Time, be reduced to Eight Shillings per Winchester Bushel.

Resolved, That the Persons subscribing this Engagement do also engage to recommend the same, in the most earnest Manner, to be adopted in their respective Neighbourhoods.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Agreement pursuant to the said Resolutions; which Agreement shall be left in the Office of the Clerk of the Journals of this House, in order that the same may be signed by such Members of this House as chuse to sign the same, or to give some other Member of this House, or the Clerk of the Journals, Authority to sign the same in their Names:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Secretary Dundas, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Hussey, the Lord Sheffield, The Earl of Morn in the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles

Mr. Bankcs, Mr. Wilberforce, Sir And

they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Sheridan reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire who was the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government —

" addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the People " of England; in a Series of Letters — Letter the " First, on the National Character of Englishmen —

" The Nature of the English Government — The " Corruptions caused in both by the Introduction of " French Principles — The Effects produced by the Reformation and the Resolution upon Political Principles " — The Conduct of the Whig Party — The Character " of the modem Democrats — London, printed for " J. Owen, N# 168, Piccadilly — 1795," and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had further enquired into the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Owen being examined, was asked, Whether he persisted in his Refusal to give up the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled " Thoughts on the English Government, &c. ?" he replied, He felt it his Duty not to give up the Author: Then,

Mr. Thomas Wright was also examined, and being asked. Whether he had not acted as Secretary of the Association at the Crown and Anchor Tavern ? he replied, No.

And expressing a Desire to give Information on the Subject of that Society, which he conceived would illustrate his former Evidence; he produced a Book, containing their Publications, intituled, " Association " Paperswhich, at the Desire Of the Committee, he delivered in.

And being shewn the Name of J. , Secretary, signed to the First Association and Declaration and Resolutions of the Society, on the 20th of November 1792; and the N. B. which followed; viz. " All " Letters and Communications are requested to be addressed to the Secretary at this Place." He was asked, Whether he knew the said Secretary J. Moore lie answered, That J.Moore was a Man in,

He explained, by stating, that he, J. Moore, was merely a fictitious Name; that no such Person existed as*

Secretary to the Society, and that he knew it at the Time he printed their Proceedings, but that the Name had not been continued after a few Meetings.

On being shewn the Proceedings of the Society on the Two next Meetings of the 24th and 29th of November; he admitted the Signature of J. Moore was the same fictitious Name.

And being asked, Whether there were any fictitious Names among the List of the Committee published in the Proceedings of the 29th of November ? he said, He was sure there were none.

And being asked, Whether the Committee knew that their signing Secretary was a fictitious Name? he answered, No one but Mr. Reeves. With regard to the Means of Circulation of the Society, he said, they were very extensive. He believed the Correspondence with Mr. Reeves from other Associations would make Fourteen Volumes bound.

And being asked, To whom he returned the Manuscript of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the " English Government, &c. ? " he answered, To Mr.

Reeves, from whom he had received it.

Mr. Andrew Wilson being examined, said, That he had been Printer of the Newspaper called, " The True " Britotiand bad frequent Opportunities of seeing Mr. Reeves write for that Paper.

And upon being shewn the Proof Sheets of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English " &c" as delivered into the Committee on a former Day by Mr. Jones; he was asked, Whether he knew the Hand Writing contained in the said Proof Sheets, and the separate Paper thereto annexed ? he replied,

To the best of his Knowledge they were the Hand Writing of Air. Reeves.

At the Request of Mr. Wright, he was again called in, and permitted to add to his Evidence; as follows,

That it was at his Suggestion originally that the fictitious Name of J. Moore was adopted by Mr. Reeves, pro tempore, as it might be afterwards dropt; and at the Meeting of the 30th of November, he mentioned the Circumstance to the Committee, who resolved that the Name should be dropt.

And being asked, Why the Resolution does not appear on the Proceedings of that Day? he answered.

Because it was considered merely as a private Resolution.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration at the same Time that the Report, which, upon the 1st Day of this Instant December, was made from the said Committee, shall be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report now made to the House, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Conaiden-further Consideration the Report which, upon the 1st tion of First Day of this Instant December, was made from the Com- m

mittee, who were appointed to enquire who was the Committee Author of the said Pamphlet; deferred.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Select Com- Committee mittee be appointed to take into Consideration the on Colti« Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement Lands.

of

'etal„

Mon mij

jWjff lit. «j|

36 Geo. III.

11° Decembris.

2 2

neirjj j' j/tji 'ii mlm TOlWi existed j ' it atfe the Xu

iocietva

of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands of used by each Individual in our Families; or we will the Kingdom; and to report the same, as it shall consume therein only mixed Bread, of which not more appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, than Two-thirds shall be made of Wheat, or we will to the House: consume only a proportional Quantity of mixed Bread,

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Sinclair, of which more than Two-thirds is made of Wheat; or Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, a proportional Quantity of Bread made of Wheat alone, Mr. Fox, Lord William Russell, the Earl of Mornington, from which no more than Five Pounds Weight of Bran the Earl of Carysfort, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Annes- per Bushel is excluded: And we will also (if it shall be Icy, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Plumer, Sir Watkin necessary for the Purpose of this Engagement) prohibit

X W u f tirtiS!

Mskfi: said, ft

! lx o id lo ft iieyist sncetiii ie fa

‘Jfa

fair.

33lk

dm

iff

Pa-

Ml

W

k£f

tad

led

----- ----- 9 ----- ----- - ~ — /

Williams Wynn, Mr. Pole Carew, Mr. Coke, Mr. Dun combe, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Looeden, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Minchin, the Lord Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Powys, Mr. Sumner, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Smith, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Western, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Sir William

Young, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Adams; and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Kobe, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in_ the Speaker's

in our Families the Use of Wheaten Flour in Pastry, and diminish, as much as possible, the Use thereof m other Articles than Bread.

By some one or more of these Measures, or by any other which may be found equally effectual, and more expedient and practicable, in our respective Situations, we will, to the utmost of our Power, ensure the Reduction above-mentioned, of at least One-third of the Quantity of Wheat usually consumed in our Families in ordinary Times.

This Engagement shall remain in Force until Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session _ of Parliament, unless the Average Price of Wheat in

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, the whole Kingdom shall be reduced, before that Time,

To sit notwithstanding Adjournment

Mutiny Bill, presented.

Innkeepers Bill, ordered.

and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to " Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, for a " limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report of Agreement to be signed by the Members.

to Eight Shillings per Winchester Bushel: And we do earnestly recommend to our Fellow Subjects to adopt and strictly to adhere to the same.

The said Agreement, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Agreement be ingrossed on a Roll of Parchment, with Distinction for the Counties and Places therein, according to the Roll for subscribing the Test; and that the Agreement be left at the Office of the Clerk of the Journals of this House, in order to be subscribed by such Members of this House as chuse to sign the same themselvfcs, or who shall signify their Desire to any other Member of this House, or to the Clerk of the Journals, to subscribe the same for them.

Ordered, That the Resolution, which was this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, and which has been agreed to by the House, together with the said Agreement, be communicated to the Lords at a Conference.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships respecting the Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, who were high Price of Com.

appointed to draw up an Agreement, pursuant to the Resolutions of the House of this Day, to be signed by the Members of this House; That the Committee had drawn up an Agreement accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

WE, the Undersigned, impressed with a Sense of the Evils which may be experienced by His Majesty's Subjects, in consequence of the defrcient Supply of Wheat, unless timely and effectual Measures are taken to reduce the Consumption thereof within such Limits as may prevent the Pressure of actual Scarcity previous to the next Harvest, and may secure, as far as possible, the necessary Subsistence Of the People of this Kingdom, until it shall please Divine Providence to restore the Blessing of general Plenty, do hereby, jointly and

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the said Message.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Bounties on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Com, or Indian Meal, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, Fesolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

severally, pledge ourselves, in the most solemn Manner, Supply granted to His Majesty;

to execute and maintain, to the utmost of our Power, the following Resolutions; and also most earnestly to recommend the same to be adopted in our respective Neighbourhoods:

We will reduce the Consumption of Wheat in our Families, by at least One-third of the usual Quantity consumed in ordinary Times.

In order to effect this Reduction, either we will limit to that Extent the Quantity of fine Wheaten Bread Vot. 51.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

3 M The

Resolution, and Agreement, to be communicated to the Lords at a Conference.

Bill for also itig Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, &c. deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Debate on an Amendment to the Bill prohibiting making of Spirits from Wheat, &c. resumed.

226 11° Decembris. . 1795.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate on an Amendment, which was, Yesterday, proposed to be made to the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of " Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, " or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Potatoes: And,

An ingrossed Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that if any Question arises, whether Melasses in Distillery is the Manufacture of Great Britain, or not, the Proof of its being Foreign shall lie on the Distiller;

The said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for excepting Potatoes grown by any Distiller, and reserved for the Use of his Family.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. i.l. 7. After " Melasses" to insert " of the " Manufacture of this Kingdom," and after " or" to insert " from." Pr. 2. 1. 1. To leave out " Twelfth" and insert " Eighteenth" instead thereof.

1. 6. To leave out "Fifteenth" and insert " Twenty-second" instead thereof.

1. 25. After " Melasses" to insert " of the " Manufacture of this Kingdom," and after " or" to insert " from."

1. 31. After " Melasses" to insert " of the " Manufacture of this Kingdom," and after " or" to insert " from." Pr. 3. 1. 1. After " Melasses " to insert " of the " Manufacture of this Kingdom," and after " or" to insert " from."

1. 7. After "Melasses" to insert " of the " Manufacture of this Kingdom," and after " or" to insert " from."

1. 8. To leave out " from."

1. 23. After " Melasses" to insert " of the " Manufacture of this Kingdom," and after " or" to insert " from."

1. 25. To leave out " Eighth" and insert " Fourteenth" instead thereof.

1. 28. To leave out " Fifteenth" and insert " Twenty-second " instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 1. To leave out "Twelfth" and insert " Eighteenth" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out " Fifteenth" and insert " Tw'enty-second" instead thereof.

1. 22. To leave out " or Sugar."

1. 34. To leave out "or Sugar."

1. 37. To leave out " or Sugar."

Pr. 6. 1. 11. To leave out " or Sugar."

1. 19. To leave out " or Sugar."

Pr. 7. 1. 1. To leave out " or Sugar respect

' " tively." 1

1. 25. To leave out " Twelfth" and insert " Eighteenth" instead thereof.

1. 37. To leave out " suspended" and insert "null and void" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill paswd. be, An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the " making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat,

" Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from " any Meal, Flour, or Bran, and for permitting Homemade Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Ex-"portation, to be taken out for Home Consumption,

" on Payment of Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantity of Melasses imported into ^lela^ Great Britain, during the last Ten Years; distinguish- ordered.' ing each Year.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for new Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty new Duties Duties on on all Horses not charged with Duty by any other Horses not Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Colts, Fillies, and preSeLted. Mules: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for addi-Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several honalDauet additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of presented* Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a- Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for new Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof: And presented, the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wakeman's to dissolve the Marriage of Henry JVakeman, Esquire, with Theodosia Freeman his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IVigley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His ""^g^0 Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and i>utv b!il Snuff.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmenns thereunto;- which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

'5.

in

anj

ty

tlHr

iai

t

h

fc

k

t

r

i:

fi-

ll

t

I»

36 Geo. III. 11° — 14° Decembris. 227

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

l ' " 4

Committee The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve on high Price Jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider 0 orn‘ further of the present high Price of Corn, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

Agreement Ordered, That the Resolution, which was this Day th* Snbg rePor*ed from the Committee of the whole House, to sumption of wh°m it was referred to consider further of the present Wheat; and high Price of Corn, and which has been agreed to by Proceedings the House; together with the Form of the Agreement to reported from the Committee, who were appointed to pnn draw up the same; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 14* die Decembris;

Anno 36° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

Falck and JOHN Christopher Fulck, and John Diederich Lub-Lubbreu bren, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their

sworn. Naturalization.

North t Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

Shields and whom the Bill for continuing the Term of certain Acts uponTyne for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the Road Bill, County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle reported. . upon Tyne, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coventry, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Warwick, and Acts, parsed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign Gutter"Road his date Majesty King George the First, and in the

Bill,'com- Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

mitted. for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to

Vol. 51.

Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Township of Kimberworth Kimberworth, in the Parish of Rotherham and West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the e on' House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Common Fields and Undivided Inclosures, containing together, by Estimation, 220 Acres, or thereabouts, and also several Commons or Waste Grounds, containing by Estimation, 250 Acres, or thereabouts, which are, in their present State, incapable of any great Improvement, and the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, which would be of great Advantage to the Proprietors: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township of Kimberworth, and for exonerating the Lands within the said Township from the Payment of Tythes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber force and Mr. Henry Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Bill to obviate to Order, a Bill to obviate a Doubt touching the Va- a Doubt re-lidity of certain Parts of an Award made in pursuance Rowell*16 of an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Haighin- Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Open closure Act, Tract of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, presented, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and repairing the Roads from Kincardine the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Road* and Kincardine, to, or near to the Town of Stonehaven, and j^u^ Bill from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to committed, the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and otherwise Regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allar-dyce, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Com- Royal Ex-mittee, to whom the Bill to explain and enlarge the change ^s‘ Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Ex- sported.1 ' change Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr.

London Assurance Bill, reported.

North wold

Inclosure

Petition.

Falck's STat. Bill, rommitted.

'erth Roads, tc. Petition.

228 14° Decembris.A. 1795.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Henry Partridge, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Northzvold, and of the Manor of and

Dayneys, in Northwold, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner of Lands within the Parish of Northwold aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, Owners of Estates and Common Rights there respectively, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Northwold, divers Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, which are respectively subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, and Half Year Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Pieces, and are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in, the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, and according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Eill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir John JVodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for naturalizing John Christopher was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Steele, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons thereto subscribing, Trustees appointed under the several Acts, passed for repairing and making certain Roads in the County of Perth, and particularly an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for other Purposes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, certain Persons were appointed Trustees, inter alia, for making the Road from Perth towards Meiklowe, passing near Scone and Byres till it joins the Road on the North Side of the River Isla from Blairgowrie to the Ferry across the Toy to Kinclavin, and for erecting Toll Gates or Bars, and exacting certain Tolls or Duties on the said Road; and that considerable Progress has been made in making the said Road, and building Bridges, and large Sums of Money have been expended by the Petitioners in executing of the said Road, and building the said Bridges, particularly in building the Bridge over the

River of Isla, consisting of Five Arches; but, it is found necessary, that the Powers of the Trustees, in some Respects, should be enlarged and explained, particularly as to the borrowing of more Money, laying on additional Tolls, and exacting a Pontage on the said Bridge, for defraying the Expence of making the said Road, and building the aforesaid Bridge, and keeping the same in proper Repair, in order that the Intention of the aforesaid Act, in regard to the said Road and Bridges, may be carried more fully and easily into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the Trustees appointed by the said former Acts, the borrowing of more Money, levying a higher Rate of Toll on the said Road, and exacting a Pontage on the said Bridge over the River of Isla, in order the more effectually to make, build, and keep in proper Repair, the said Road and Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dt'ummond, Mr. Allardycc,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Edward Kedewen and Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, Lord of the Manors of Hopton, At. Kedewen and Hopton, in the County of Montgomery, and of the Right honourable George Viscount Her ford, and the humble Petition of John Pryce, Clerk, and Mary, his Wife, Lord and Lady of the Manor of Overgorther, in the said County, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manors, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, several Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the said several Purposes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Wigiey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed, that Mr. from Account of the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Meb»se» Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; 1Tnpor^' and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to p their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Melasses imported into Great Britain, during the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Shoolbred, from Account, Ac. the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading of African to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the presen Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper,

3o vjEO. ill. 14

J: bji}!

1J® lit

tiatii,

sij

'A

ilV

to, Correspon-. - dence relat-^2l ingto drafting the 109th Rekeen Siment> Presented.

Oft

as k

1*

in

uriii 5 oft m Is

hri 'L and r of

reni

bed,

K

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1794 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence

" under its proper Title :" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1794 — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the* said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from the Deputy Secretary at War, to Colonel Hay, dated 4th September 1795: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Aberdeen to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Aberdeen, 18th September 1795: And also,

List of the Names of the Gentlemen present at the Meeting referred to in the above Letter: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Earl of Aberdeen, dated W, 24th September 1795: And also.

Statement of the Transactions of Drafting the 109th Regiment: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Alexander Allardyce, Esquire, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Aberdeen, 19th September 1795.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

T-j

Bill fur de- Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according termining the to Order, a Bill for determining the present Allowances fbrWasteon ^or Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, and for reducing 30 Salt, pro- die respective Times of Payment of the Duties on

' seated. Salt: And the same was received; and read the First

I Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

1 Report East Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the India Indica- Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the turt* several Lists, which had been delivered in at the Table,

in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lists accordingly, f and had directed him to report to the House the Name

of every Member, whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lists; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be _ struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Bragge,

Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Robert Smith, Esquire, > Matthew Montagu, Esquire, Thomas Powys, Esquire,

Vol. 51.

Thomas JVallace, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, Henry Duncombe, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot, Frattcis Glanville, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Grenville, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Sir John Rous, Baronet, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, Andrew Stuart, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, William Holbech, Esquire, Robert Dundas, Esquire, Sir William Young, Baronet, John Hiley Addington, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, Francis Gregor, Esquire, Sir William Baronet, James Gordon, Esquire, Francis Lloyd, Esquire, John Whitmore, Esquire, William Drummond, Esquire, the Lord Lavington, Lord Viscount Brome, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, Charles Abbot, Esquire, Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, Charles Dundas, Esquire.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Com, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty be granted on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing not less than Four hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Avoirdupoise, imported into Great Britain, equal to Four-fifths of the Bounty already granted on Wheat weighing not less than Four hundred and Forty Pounds Weight Avoirdupoise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Six Shillings be granted on every Hundred Weight Avoirdupoise of Wheat Flour which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, or from any Port in the Mediterranean, or in Afr, before the 30th Day of September 1796, until such Wheat Flour and Wheat shall equal the Quantity limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Four Shillings and Six Pence be granted on every Hundred Weight Avoirdupoise of Wheat Flour which shall be imported into Great Britain from any other Part of Europe, not being a Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or from His Majesty's Colonies in America, or from the United States, until such Wheat Flour and Wheat shall equal the Quantity limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Three Shillings be granted on every Hundred Weight Avoirdupoise of Wheat Flour which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 30th 3 N Day

Innkeepers Bill, present^ ed.

Mutipy Bill, committed

Report oft* high Price of Corn.

Marine Mutiny Bill, ordered.

Mr. Hobart to carry to the Lords the Bill for prohibiting making of Spirits from Wheat, &c.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, reported.

230 14® Decembris. 1795.

Day of September 1796, exceeding the Quantities to which the Bounties are already limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence be granted on every Hundred Weight Avoirdupoise of Indian Meal which shall he imported into Britain

before the 30th Day of September 179G, until such Indian Meal and Indian Corn shall equal the Quantity limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One Shilling be granted on every Hundred Weight Avoirdupoise of Indian Meal which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 30th Day of September 179(1, exceeding the Quantities to which the Bounties are already limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Ten Shillings be granted on every Quarter of Rye, weighing not less than Four hundred Pounds Weight Avoirdupoise, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 30th Day of September 1796, until the Quantity of such Rye shall amount to 100,000 Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Six Shillings be granted on every Quarter of Rye, weighing not less than Four hundred Pounds Weight Avoirdupoise, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the 30th Day of September 1796, exceeding the Quantity to which the last mentioned Bounty is limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That tl te Bounty on Corn imported from the Mediterranean be extended to 400,000 Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time allowed for Payment of the respective Bounties on Corn be extended to the 30th Day of September 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to extend the respective Bounties on Corn to the Cargoes of all Ships which may now be in the Ports of this Kingdom, or shall arrive previous to the Commencement thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Bounties on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, or Indian Meal, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Leave bo given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Sir Philip Stephens, the Lord Arden, Mr. Pybus, and Lord Hugh Seymour, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, " the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, " Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from " any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting " Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses " for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty;" and to prohibit the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Me-lasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House', to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and SnulV, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which the'y had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept fertile Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty new' Duties on all Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Colts, Fillies, and Mules, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Ryder reported to the House, that he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference, respecting the high Price of Corn; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, as desired, and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the feaid Conference.

And

Tobacco and SnulT Duty Bill, reported.

Bill for additional Duties on Hordes committed.

Bill for new Duties on Horses not charged, committed.

Motion for printing D' Bill.

Xeg.

The Lord' agree to a Conference.

Managers

appointed.

k

k

k<]

fi:

C*

id

k

"r

36 Geo. III. 14° Decem 231

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundos, Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Mr. Anstruther , Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Adams, Mr. Hobart, Sir John

Ordered, That printed Copies of the Three Reports which have been made from the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, be communicated to the Lords at the said Conference.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Conference Mr. Ryder reported, That the Alanagers had been reported. at Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; and that the Alanagers had communicated to their Lordships the Resolution and Agreement which, upon Friday last, were ordered to be communicated to the Lords at the said Conference, and had left a Copy of the same, together with printed Copies of the said Three Reports, with their Lordships.

Bill for new Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Duties on Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Li-Horse Deal- cences Persons using or exercising the Business of an

cr*s Licences # #

committed. ' Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wihole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pill to permit IV.tkora

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain j-

Sorts of Bread;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Atom

1m eat 1, H-ferrcMi.

ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for llc-resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and *c' «„ sutnr Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar; defem-d.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Alorn-ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Printed Paper resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional deferred. ' Duties of Excise on printed Paper and printed Stuffs;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorn-ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House W;i.vs a['<l to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, <le~

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, terr‘‘(1-to consider further of the Supply grafted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Assessed to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'Paxes Duty upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported front the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

allowing upon the Bill for allowing Bounties on the importa-

DieT^oru- t®on *nto Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, tion of Wheat, Indian Corn, or Indian Aleal, in British Ships, or other &c. Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State

in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. _

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next,

Vol. 51.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Con- Reports from sideration the Reports which, upon the 1st and nth Committee Days of this Instant December, were made from the eli' uire^vho Committee, appointed to enquire who was the Au- fv^the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, '* Thoughts on the thorofa " English Government — addressed to the Quiet Good retain Pam Sense of the People of England; in a Series of " Letters — Letter the First, on the National " ter of Englishmen — The Nature of the -

" vernment — The Corruptions caused both by the " Introduction of French Principles — The " duced by the Reformation and the Resolution upon -

" litical Principles — The Conduct of the Whig Party —

" The Character of the modem Democrats — London,

" printed for J. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795."

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House of the 26th Day of November last* " That the " said Pamphlet is a malicious, scandalous, and sedi*

" tious Libel, containing Alatter tending to create " Jealousies and Divisions among His Majesty s " Loyal Subjects; to alienate their Affections from " our present happy Form of Government, as established in King, Lords, and Cotnnions; and to " subvert the true Principles of oilr free Constitution;

" and that the said Pamphlet is a high Breach of the " Privileges of this House," might be te'ad.

And the same being read accordingly j A Alotion was made, and the Question being proposed, That One of the said printed Books be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman in the New Palace Yard, W estminster, on Monday the 1 st Day of

this Instant December, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that another of the said printed Books be burnt by the Hands of the Common Hangman before The Royal Exchange in London, on Tuesday the 22d Day of this Instant December, at the same Hour; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex

do

£52

14u Decembris. . 1795.

do attend at the said Times and Places respectively, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly;

An Amendment \vas proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the first Word " That" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to desire His Majesty that He will "be graciously pleased to give Directions to His " Attorney General to prosecute Reeves, Esquire, as the Author or Publisher of a printed Pamphlet, " intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government — " addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the People of " England; in a Series of Letters — Letter the First, on the National Character of Englishmen — The " lure of the English Government — The Corruptions caused in both by the Introduction of French " pies — The Effects produced by the Reformation and " the Resolution upon Political Principles — The Con- duct of the Whig Party — The Character the " modern Democrats. — London, printed for J.

" N* 16S, Piccadilly — 1795;" and also the Printer M thereof, in order that they, or he, may be brought to " condign Punishment for the same" instead thereof.

And the Question being proposed, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the -24th Day of February 1764, of the Proceedings of the House respecting a Book, intituled, " Droitle , or a Digest of the " Rights and Prerogatives of the Imperial Crown of u Great Britain,'' might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House w'as also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of February 1775, of the Proceedings of the House respecting a printed Book, intituled, " The present Crisis with " respect to America, considered;" and also, respecting a printed Book, intituled, " The Crisis, Number 3, u dated Saturday, February 4, 1775," might be read. And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day ot November 1751, of the Proceedings of the House respecting a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " The Case of the Hon.

" Alex. Murray, Esquire, in an Appeal to the People " of Great Britain, more particularly the Inhabitants " of the City and Liberty of Westminster," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 16th Day of February 1774, of the Proceedings of the House respecting a Letter signed " A South Briton," and printed in a Newspaper, intituled, " The Public Advertiser,

" nesday, February 16th, 1774;" and also printed in the Newspaper, intituled, " The Morning Chronicle " and London Advertiser, Wednesday, February 16th,

" 1774," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 26th, 87th, and 28th Days of March, 1770, of the Proceedings of the House respecting a printed Paper, intituled, " The " Whisperer, N# 5 and 6," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being proposed, That the Words,

" an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,

" humbly to desire His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute John Reeoes, Esquire, as the " Author or Publisher of a printed Pamphlet, intituled,

" Thoughts on the English Government — addressed

" to the Quiet Good Sense of the People of England; 4‘ in a Series of Letters — letter the First, on the National Character of Englishmen — The Nature of the " English Government — The Corruptions caused both

" by the Introduction of French Principles — The Effects " produced by the Reformation and the Resolution upon " Political Principles — The Conduct of the Whig Party " — The Character of the modern Democrats — London,

"printed for J. Owen, N* 108, Piccadilly — 179 and also " the Printer thereof, in order that they, or " he, may be brought to condign Punishment for the " same," be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment was nroposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words, " and also the Printer thereof, in order that they, or " he. may be brought to condign Punishment for the " same,"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That after the first Word " That" in the original Question, the Words, " an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, " humbly to desire His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney " General to prosecute John Reeves, Esquire, as the " Author or Publisher of a printed Pamphlet, intituled,

" Thoughts on the English Government — addressed " to the Quiet Good Sense of the People of England; " in a Series of Letters — Letter the First, on the " tional Character of Englishmen — The Nature of the i: English Government — The Corruptions caused in both " by the Introduction of French Principles — The Effects " produced by the Ref ormation and the Resolution upon " Political Principles — The Conduct of the Whig Party " — The Character of the modern Democrats — London, " printed for/. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — 1795," be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to desire His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute John Reeves, Esquire, as the Author or Publisher of a printed Pamphlet, intituled,

" Thoughts on the English Government — addressed to " the Quiet Good Sense of the People of England; in " a Series of Letters — Letter the First, on the National " Character of Englishmen — The Nature of the English " Government — The Corruptions caused in both by the " Introduction of French Principles — The Effects produced by the Reformation and the Resolution upon Po-

" liticalPrinciples — The Conduct of the Whig Party —

" The Character of the modern Democrats — London,

" printed for J. Owen, N# 168, Piccadilly — 1795."

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the N oes,

25-

Mr. Adams,

Mr. Wigley:

Sir William Dolben,'

(Mr. Pole Carew: J And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

laaj.

"kji

'kl'.L,

iIJ*

~kil

-I*,-

ijl,

t the j

jtlh

36 Geo. III. 15°

Q33

Mortis, 15° die Decembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers London A*-contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of suranc* Bill, Houses and Goods from Fire, was read the Third Pa9Sfed-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill to pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i n(ft

It k';t i'fe

lejj

Praters.

Awrelnc'o- A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and

sure BUI f\. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Corn-

committed. mon Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tything of in the Parish of Azcre, in

the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ii

A

>38

id,

.1;-

lit

d

m

;S

NorthShields and Newcastle upon Tyne Road Rill, passed.

The Lords have agi eed to

Faraborough and Seven-oaks Road BUI.

"Wades Mill, Barley, and Royston Roads Bill.

Bill to allow free Passage of Grain.

Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings, with Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a

Place called RiverhitI,in the Parish of Sevenoa/ts, in The said County; without any Amendment: And . also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades in the County of Hertford„to Barley and Royston, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal Ex- An ingrossed Bill to explain and enlarge the Powers »urwcc Bill con^a'neel *n die Charter of The Royal Exchange As-passed. ' surance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ufford Inclo-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors sure Petition, of Estates in the Parish of Uffordwith Ashton and Bainlon, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in which Open Fields and Meadows the Lands of the Petitioners and the other Proprietors, for the most Part, lie in small Parcels, and much dispersed and intermixed, and such Open Fields and Meadows, as well as the Commons,

Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, are, in their present State, not only inconvenient for Occupation, but incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, were inclosed and divided, and specific Parts of the same allotted to the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, such Inclosure and Division would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors and Persons interested therein, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, Bill for ex-to whom the Bill for extending the Term of the Tax tendingTerm on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchan- Tax, and dizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth by EatTurinlc Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, and King's " An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle LynnDrainand South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the age Act're"

" Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands ad- P°r e "

" joining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands " adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the

" Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and " for altering and improving the Navigation of the " said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau " Brink, in the Parish of WiggenhSt. Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn;

" and for improving and preserving the Navigation " of the several Rivers communicating with the said " River Ouze," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that none of the Persons whose Consents were produced and proved to the said Act, while depending in this House in the last Session of Parliament, have expressed their Dissent to the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

3 O A Petition

Snenton

Inclosure

Petition.

Quorum of Committee on Cultivation of Waste Lands.

To report from Time to Time.

Assessed Taxes Duty Pill, reported.

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, &c. by the Post, presented.

Petition to amendBolton Inclosure and Paving, &c. Act, reported.

234 15° Decembris. A. 1795.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Snenton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Properties of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it will tend greatly to the Interest and Advantage of the Petitioners, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Smith and Lord Eduard Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart, Sir Francis Basset, Mr. Haxvkins Browne, Sir John Call, and Sir George Jackson,

be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Commissioners for executing an Act, made for inclosing, dividing, and alljotting, Bolton in the County of Lancaster, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same,; as it appeared to to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for inclosing,

" dividing, and allotting, a certain Common or Waste " Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of " Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages,

" and Places within the Towns of Great Bolton and " Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with " Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances,

" Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing " and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, within " the said Towns," was read: And,

Mr. John IP'hiteleybeing examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act, the several Lands therein mentioned have been set out and divided as thereby is required, and the several Lots have been contracted for and leased by the Commissioners therein named, to several Persons at certain Rents. — That it has been since found that many of the Leases and Contracts were made upon Terms much less beneticial to the Tenants than was expected or intended, and by Reason of the high Rents at which the said Lots are set, and from other Circumstances, they ca.inot improve their several Allotments in such a Manner as to afford A permanent Security for their Rents; and that several of the Allotments so leased and contracted for, have, by the Failure of the Tenants, fallen into the Hands of the Commissioners, who have not again disposed thereof, nor have the Trustees under the said Act received any Rents therefrom. — That the Lessees and Persons contracting with the Commissioners as aforesaid, have applied to them and to the said Trustees for Relief in the Premises, but which they are unable to grant under the present Powers of the Act. — And he added,

That the Act has also been found in several other Respects defective and insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called " Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste " Grounds within the Township of Great , in

" the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for widening,

" paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton,

" and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and " for providing Eire Engines and Firemen, and for " removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, within the " said TownsAnd that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. fVitbraham Bootle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Harwood thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Inclosure Township of Harwood, in the Parish of Bolton in the Petition‘ Moors, in the County Palatine of , and having

Rights of Common, or other Rights, in, over, and upon, the Wastes and Commons lying and being within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are divers Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, affording, in their present State, little or no Advantage to the Persons interested therein, but are capable erf great

36 Geo. III. 15°

235

Mon, u Jleiji,' toloiit!

OjJ

Man*

hi fcj

"n> tij

d h

Tobacco and liceii^ Snuff Duty: Bill, passed.

hi

ties thei^r lira %

Ml

3t3tt

to At

tail

N

tie?

ord i

even!

i5r>

id*

fe

id

ia

93

r£

a

h

«s

lot

tr-

ic-

ot-

(d

it

great Improvement if they were divided, inclosed, and allotted to and amongst the several Persons who have Rights of Common, or other Rights, in, to, or out of, the same, according to their several and respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Bootle do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting from the Duty Tobacco used on Board Transport Vessels by Soldiers.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that such Tobacco shall be for the Use of the Soldiers, only, and shall not be re-landed.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Quantity of Tobacco to be allowed to such Transport Vessels.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Letter from

! Mr. Speed,

I. referred to the

Committee of Privileges.

Mr. Speaker informed the House, That he had, this Day, received a Letter from Henry Speed, Esquire, a Member of this House, dated Isle of Man, December 7th, 1795.

And the said Letter was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Isle of Man, Deer ~jth, 1795.

Sir,

I find by the Newspapers there has been a Call of the House. I was absent from Home for a Fortnight, and did not see a Paper where such a Motion was mentioned. Had I even known it, it would have been jf impossible for me to attend, as I am obliged to appear

'* at a Law Court for a common Action of Debt, which

1 I do not admit, and for which I was arrested and

obliged to give Bail, and the Bail would be liable to pay the Amount if I was not here. Upon my being arrested, I requested the Lieutenant-Governor to suspend the Arrest, as I pleaded Privilege of Parliament; he granted it till he could receive Instructions from the Duke of Portland; his Grace referred it to the Attorney and Solicitor General, and as they could find no Precedent, they gave it as their Opinion, that the VoL. 51.

House must judge of its own Privileges. Upon that, the Arresst was renewed, and I was obliged to give Bail.

I wrote some Time ago to Mr. Long upon the Subject; but having had no Answer, I must beg the Favour of you to take what Steps you think necessary about it. I have the honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

H. Speed.

P. S. It is necessary to observe, that the Man who arrested me is a Merchant of Liverpool, and not a Resident of this Place.

The Right Honourable Henry Addington,

Speaker of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges to examine the Subject Matter of the said Letter: And that they do report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an, Instruction to the said Committee, That they do sit Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, and proceed upon the Matter referred to them.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Reports, which, upon the 1st and nth Days of this Instant December, were made from the Committee, appointed to enquire who w'as the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government " — addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the People " of England; in a Series of Letters — Letter the First, " on the National Character of Englishmen — The Nature " of the English Government — The Corruptions caused " in both by the Introduction of French Principles — The " Effects produced by the Reformation and the Resolution " upon Political Principles — The Conduct of the Whig " Party — The Character of the modern Democrats — " London, printed for J. Owen, N° 168, -

" 1795," be now resumed.

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Reports.

And the Question, which was Yesterday proposed and amended by the House, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to desire His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute John Reeves, Esquire, as the Author or Publisher of the said Pamphlet, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to desire His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute John Reeves, Esquire, as the Author or Publisher of a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government — " addressed to the Quiet Good Sense of the People of " England; in a Series of Letters — Letter the First, on " the National Character of Englishmen — The nature " of the English Government — The Corruptions caused " in both by the Introduction of French Principles — The

" Effects produced by the Reformation and the Resolution " upon Political Principles — The Conduct of the Whig " Party — The Character of the modern Democrats — " London, Printed for J. Owen, N* 168, Piccadilly — " 1795."

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers, which were Yesterday presented to the

House

Further Consideration of Reports from Committee appointed to enquire who was die Author of a certain Pamphlet, resumed.

Address to prosecute Mr. Reeves.

Correspondence relating to the 109th Regiment to be printed.

Petition from certain Inhabitants of Manchester, respecting the War, See,

Petition from certain Inhabitants of Manchester and Salford, disclaiming she preceding Petition.

Lords

Amendments to Bill for preventing Seditious Meetings, agreed to.

236

15° Decembm. A. 1795.

House by Mr. Secretary Dundas, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Country has long been engaged in a War with France, without any fixed and definite Object, according to the Judgment of the Petitioners, or any Object of eventual Advantage: That Millions upon Millions of Debt have been accumulated, and Thousands upon Thousands of Lives sacrificed in the Contest; that the Public Taxes have been increased in Proportion as the People have been deprived of the Means ' of paying the m; that immense Stores of Provisions have been, in various Ways, destroyed; that some of the most fertile Parts of Europe have been ravaged; that Husbandmen have been withdrawn from the Culture of the Soil; that the Prices of all the Necessaries ot Life have been raised to an extraordinary and alarming Degree; and that the Dread of impending Scarcity is now become universal: The Petitioners therefore humbly pray. That the House will take this long Catalogue of Evils into serious Consideration, and provide a Remedy for the same, by using proper Means to restore Peace and Plenty to this once flourishing and happy Country — That the Petitioners wish to impress the House with the Conviction, that the Restoration of those Blessings will much more effectually quiet the Minds of the People, and unite all Ranks and Conditions in a zealous and affectionate Support of the Constitution, than the Introduction of new and oppressive Laws calculated to multiply Treasons, to infringe the Liberty of the Press, and to violate the Freedom of Public Discussion.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and and the Neigh-

bourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners rely, with the fullest Confidence, on the Gracious Assurance, vouchsafed by His Majesty to His Parliament and the Nation, of His Readiness to enter into Negotiations for Peace whenever Circumstances shall promise its Re-establishment to His People on a permanent and honourable Basis; the Petitioners therefore learn, with much Surprize as well as Regret, that certain Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, losing Sight of this His Majesty's most gracious Intention, are again obtruding themselves upon the Attention of Parliament with an artful and overstrained Representation of Evils, more calculated, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, to retard than to accelerate the Blessings

' o

of Peace, by holding out to our Enemies fresh Motives for the Continuance of the War:'That the Petitioners therefore disclaim any Part in such Interference with the deliberative Measures of Government, and humbly pray, That these their Sentiments may be fully known to the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. I.31. Leave out Offences" and insert " Felonies."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2(>th Day of June 1781, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into further Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a New Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways in the City

of Gloucester, and for amending the several Acts passed

for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating, the Streets there, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time.

And it appearing to the House, that the Alteration made by the Lords, does not, in any Respect, vary the pecuniary Penalty intended to be imposed by this House in the said Bill;

The Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a special Entry be made in the Journal of this House, of the Reasons for agreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said

Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now' ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by \Vray of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan;

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House of Tuesday last (which was presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer) might be read.

And the sume being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The N oes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JMr* William Smith, \ fellers lor the Yeas, ^Mr. j 19*

1 Mr. Edward James ]

Tellers for the Noes, ! Eliot, I 56.

[Mr. Robert Smith: J So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Committee be a Select Committee. , .

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. William Smith, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Mr.

Douglas, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. John,

Sir William Young, Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Grey, Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Alar tin, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Secretary at War, General Macleod, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Steele, Ix>rd Robert Spencer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Grant, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Francis, General Fitzpatrick, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Barclay, Mr. Phipps, General Tarleton, Mr. Baker, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle: And they are to meet in the Speaker's

Chamber;

BUI for raising a Sum by Annuities, passed.

Committee appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the Loan.

Se M-

96 Geo. III. 15# — 16° <23T

Of?

X

ii

ft

la

15

ft

91

k

k

5

r*

r

Bill for Reduction of Drawbacks, &c.on Sugar, deferred.

Printed Paper and Stuffs Duty Bill, deferred.

Bill for determining the Allowances for Waste on Salt, committed.

Committee

on Mutiny ML

3

Committee on Bill to permit making certain Sorts of Bread.

Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers-, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved ', That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House Bill fof to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, granting upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Honw.de-Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, ferred. he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on printed Paper and printed Stuffs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chairs

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, be uow read.

And the stud Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 51.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an Act, Innkeepers of the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Rates BlU>de, erred-of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III'" Regis, 17951

Prayers;

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of Thames and the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, was Severn Canal presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Company'* by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the etlUon* Reign of His present Majesty, The Petitioners were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at JVaUbridge, near the Town of Stroud, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, and the Petitioners were thereby also empowered to raise among themselves the Sum of 130,000l., for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution, and in case that Sum should be insufficient, they were further authorized to borrow and take up, at Interest, the additional Sum of 60,000l., upon the Credit of the said Navigation; and, by another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest the further Sum of 60,000l., upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners have, in the Prosecution of their said Undertaking, expended not only the said Sum of 130,000l., but also by far the greatest Part of the said Two further Sums of 60,000 /. and 60,000 /., which have been advanced to them upon the Credit of the said Navigable Canal and Collateral Cut, and the same *are" now nearly completed; and the Petitioners have incurred sundry Debts for Arrears of Interest of the Monies so borrowed, and otherwise, in the Prosecution of their said Undertaking, which Debts they are at present unable to satisfy, and greatly exceed the Amount of the Monies which they might still borrow by virtue of the said recited Acts; and the Petitioners are desirous of raising the further Sum of 65,000l., to enable them to liquidate and discharge their said Arrears of Interest, and other Debts, and to provide for the future punctual Payment of the Interest

3 P of

Cross ford Bridge and Altrincham Road Petition.

238 16° Decembris. . 17

of the Money go borrowed and to be borrowed, and to promote the generul Purposes of their said Undertaking: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to ihem, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir G Jackson, Mr. Love-den, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crossford Bridge to Ma, and for amending

the Road from Crossford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Roads which leads from Crossford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Roads comprized in the said Act have been, and are, divided into Two Districts, one of which comprehends the Road leading from Crossford Bridge to and the other the Road leading from Crossford Bridge to a certain House, late in the Occupation of Aaron

drett, situate in Altrincham aforesaid, and the said Two Districts of Road are under the Management of separate and distinct Sets of Trustees, and the 'Polls and Duties collected on that Part of the said Roads which lies between Crossford Bridge and Altrincham have been, and are, by the said Act, directed to be applied for separate and distinct Purposes from those which the Tolls and Duties collected on the other Part of the said Hoads are by the said Act directed to be applied; and that the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have made a great Progress in the Execution thereof, so far as the same relates to the said District leading from Crosford Bridge to Altrincham, and have borrowed

a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted for the same District, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Act, but the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said last mentioned District of the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, so far as relates to the same District, be continued; and that it would, be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Roads, if the said Act, so far as the -same relates to the said District of the said Roads leading from Crossford Bridge to Altrincham, were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof:. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, so far as relates to that Part of the said Roads w'hich leads from Crossford Bridge aforesaid to a certain House in Altrincham aforesaid, late in the Occupation of Aaron Brundrett (except as to the Term thereby continued and granted) and for granting further and other Powers instead thereof, in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Sir George Jackson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

ami Records.

Lord Viscount Stafford reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a List of such Officers in India, who have lately been promoted in His Majesty's Service to the Rank of General Officers, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stojford also reported to the House,

That their Address of Wednesday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message: To acknowledge, with the utmost

Gratitude and Satisfaction, His Majesty's Condescension and Goodness, in having been graciously pleased to acquaint the House, that the Crisis, which was depending at the Commencement of the Session, has led to such an Order of Things in France as will induce His Majesty (conformably to the Sentiments which He has already declared) to meet any Disposition for Negotiation on the Part of the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect, and to conclude a Treaty for General Peace, whenever it can be effected on just and suitable Terms for Himself and His Allies: To assure His Majesty, that, until that desirable Period shall arrive, it is the firm Determination of this House, to continue to afford His Majesty that vigorous Support which they are persuaded is essential to the most important Interests of His Kingdoms; and that it will yield them the highest Gratification, if His Majesty's powerful Preparations and Exertions, added to the recent and important Successes of the Austrian Armies, and to the continued and growing Embarrassments of the Enemy, should have the happy Effect of speedily conducing to the Restoration of General Peace, on such Grounds as the Justice of the Cause in which this Country is engaged, and the Situation of Affairs, may entitle His Majesty to expect) had been presented to Mis Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Lord Viscount Stopjord also reported to the House,

That their Address of Wednesday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the gracious Communication contained in His Majesty's Message to this House, respecting the Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, which His Majesty has found it unavoidably necessary to order to be disembarked, and stationed in Barracks near Southampton, and in the Isle of Wight) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Lord Viscount Stopford likewise reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute John,

Esquire, as the Author or Publisher of a printed Pamphlet therein mentioned) had been presented to Hi*

Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Old Stratford Execution an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the an(1 ^un-Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road Petition. from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Uunchurch, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and a considerable Sum of Money hath l>een borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected uj»on

os the

36 Geo. III. 16° Decembm.239

the said Road, which still remains due, and cannot he paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the v Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And

' ] therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

- in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 1 Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

5 shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JVitliam Dolben, Mr. Francis, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

{ ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

1 Records.

5

Rumble Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Com-

1 Paving, &c. mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons,

' ^tecL."'rC* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commis-

1 *" sioners for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

1 " An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing,

" lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, i " and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing " Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market

House and holding a Public Market in the said Vill," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament, until the Month of October last; and that great Inconveniences would arise to the Inhabitants of the said Vill, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if Power was not given, in the present Session, to carry the Intention of the Petitioners into Execution; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Guy being examined, said, That the Commissioners have proceeded to execute the several Powers contained in the said Act, which has been attended with great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Vill, and to all Persons resorting thereto; but that it has been found, in several Respects, insufficient to answer all the good Purposes intended to be thereby effected, and that several Alterations and Amendments are deemed immediately necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the Christmas Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Kent, and Three Times in the Newspaper, called Kentish Gazette, in the present Month of , and in the

Month of January, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Report.

Marine Mu- Sir Philip Stephens presented to the House, accord* tiny Bill, ing to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's presented. Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Housd on Poor He- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lief Bill. VOL. 61.

upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the I^aw'S relating " to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the " Poor," us prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, m,re PNPe* upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Mem- Writs etchers to serve in Parliament; fcrred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 4th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

.Sir Wat kin Lewes presented to the House, accord- St. Rmle's ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees for execut- (:hure*'liml ing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the jMprc- Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, seutlxl. and improving, the Parish Church of Bridget,

otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing John Dicderich was Lubbrcms

read a Second Time. Nat. Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wat- con, muud-kin Leaves, Mr. Hobart, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees of The British Museum, British Mu-being offered to be presented to the House; si-um Tr.w-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's tot> 10,lUon Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum, allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum, was reduced to a Capital of 30,000l. Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to 900l., was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality} greatly insufficient for that Purpose, upon which. Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from this House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King's Librarian Yearly, amounting to about 250/., have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trust, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such further Support, towards enabling

them

240 16° Decembris. A. 1795.

them to Carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall 6eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Sums granted Account of the several Sums that have been already for the Mu- m-ante(j for the Service of The British Museum, and of

cHini nr* *

dered' the Expenditure thereof.

Bill to permit Afr, Charles Long, according to Order, reported t'im Su-tTof ^rom the Committee of the whole House, to whom Bread, re- the Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain ported. Sorts of Bread, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordend, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Com1>nCC *° reso*ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

1 °in‘ to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Commituc a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lor

granting to His Majesty new Duties on all Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Par- not ckir.-e,:. liament, and on Colts, Fillies, and Mules.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Aloming.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Hill ,>r upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Horses. Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Aloming.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Commitwe a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for on Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or ne Dune* exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting DcalereLi-new Duties in lieu thereof. cences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mutiny Bill, Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the teported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that certain Parts of the Act may be altered by any Act of this Session.

And the said Clause was iVice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Bill for aB Report from the Committee of the whole House, to lowing Boun-whom the Bill for allowing Bounties on the Importa- oeBonthelm-tion into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour,

Indian Corn, or Indian Meal, in British Ships, or deferred, other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was commited;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean* to consider further of Ways and Afeans for raising the ferred* Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Aloming next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved,

Supply deferred-

J 36 Geo. III. 16* — 17*

ihcj

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ifj

1}: Assessed The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty

further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties,

ic ' pft3Sed' under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty further ad-

ditional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the

Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ®n ®iU.for . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Drawback* upon Bill for the Reduction of the Drawbacks 5 and Bounties and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar; V on Sugar. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for allowing the Drawback on Sugar exported t to Ireland, in the State in which it was imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

I Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

I nad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

i ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Decembris.

241

Jovis, 17* die Decembris; Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Praters.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and The Lords Mr. Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Amendments by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the to Bill for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Safety Government against treasonable and seditious Practices p and Attempts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Northwold Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Inclosure' Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, ®,^J[>re* Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the *

Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Lubbren's the Bill for naturalizing John Diederich was Nat- Bill>

committed; That the Committee had examined the rePorted-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into . on Bill for de- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for de-. Allowances tennining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt ! for Waste carried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective Times

; on Salt. of Payment of the Duties on Salt

;» Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Members Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell, Mr. ViUiers, Mr. Pole added to Carew, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Orchard, Sir John Call, Mr. \ oiu^Lrem Rose, Sir James Hamlyn, Mr. Charles Long, and , Mr. Rolle, be added to the Select Committee, who are

: appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the

| Negotiation of the late Loan.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Innkeeper's Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an Bill, deferred. Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, be read a Second Time upon Thursday, the 4th Day of February next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 51.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Dean Forest the Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keep- Roads Bill, ing in Repair, several Roads in and through His rePorted- Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said.

Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Neivland, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Beccles pav-the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk, was pre- ing, &c. sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the P®htion. Streets and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that the paving, cleansing, lighting, ana watching the said Town, and removing and preventing all Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, would be of great

3 Q Benefit

A. 1795.

242

17° Decem

Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners and the rest of the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to, or travelling through, the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Power is given to raise a further Sum of Money for that Purpose, on the Credit of the said Rates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Trustees to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bloxam, Mr. Bernard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

South Town, Bulcamp, &c. Roads Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons residing in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, wras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of South Tenon, otherwise Little Yarmouth, in

the County of Suffolk, through the Parishes of and Beccles, to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Bulcamp, in the Parish of in the said

County; and also, the Road branching out of the said Road leading from South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth to Bulcamp aforesaid, at or near the Church, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Suffolk, and leading to the Town of Halcsworin the said County, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and that if the said Roads were properly formed and widened in such Places as shall be found necessary, and put and kept in good Repair and Condition, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons residing or having Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and to all Persons

having

Occasion to travel along the

O

said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Bloxam, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Maidstone Paving, &c. Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and " lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the King's Town of " stone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and " Annoyances, therein, for better supplying the said " Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways " within the Parish of Maidst," was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and made a great Progress therein; and that, by the said Act, the Trustees are authorized to raise, by Mortgage of the Rates thereby imposed, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of 7,000l. for the more expeditious Performance of the several Improvements, the Whole of which Sum has been borrowed, and duly expended, but the same being found insufficient, the Trustees have not been able to complete the good Purposes of the Act, and have also incurred several considerable Debts now remaining unpaid, and which cannot be discharged, unless

The Lord Arden (from the Commissioners for exe- Report of curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great State and Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to the Di- Co*/ rections of an Act of Parliament, Castle, pre-

Copy of a Report to the Commissioners for execut- aented. ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, of the State and Condition of the Fort and Settlement of Cape Coast Castle, on the Coast of Africa, in Possession of the Company of Merchants trading to that Coast, made by Captain William Hargood, Commander of His Majesty's Ship Iris, and dated the 16th April 1795-

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- high Price of ferred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn* Corn, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Bounty, equal to One-third of the Bounties already agreed to by this House, be granted on all Wheat and Wheat Flour which shall be imported into Great Britain from His Majesty's Colonies in America, or from the United States.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty, not exceeding Three-fifths of the Bounty proposed to be given to Corn and Flour imported from the Mediterranean, be extended to all Foreign Corn and Flour now under the King's Locks, upon the same being taken out for Home Consumption.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for allow. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ing Bounties allowing Bounties on the Importation into Great Britain on the Im\ of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Com, or Indian wheatT&c-Meal, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of reported, and Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His re-com- Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the m‘tte<1* Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BUI;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

36 Geo. IIL

hi

"1

k

k

fe

ft

k

t

r

r

r

t

IT

Decembris.

243

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Instruction. Ordered, That 'it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Bill further Then the House resolved itself into the said Corn-considered. mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which was for limiting the Ports of Importation for Bounty, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting the Port of Boston.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Poor Relief Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported Bill, reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settle* " ment, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

Bill far de- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the terminkigthe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for for Wwtattm determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt Salt, r*. carried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective ported. VbL. 51.

Times of Payment of the Duties on' Salt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for new Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties on granting to His Majesty new Duties on all Horses not ^dnot charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parlia- reported! ment, and on Colts, Fillies, and Mules, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Horses let out by licensed Postmasters.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Horses employed solely in the Purposes of Husbandry, except such as are employed in Draft.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-Morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for ad<li-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tional Duties granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or drawing p certain Carriages therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad mude to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is con- King's Concerned in the Bill for amending, widening, improving, sent to Dean and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through his ^est Roi*ds Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto 1 belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Nexdand, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the

Bottom

A. 1795

Bill for new Duties on Horse Dealers Licences reported.

Bill for Reduction of Drawbacks, &c. on Sugar, reported.

Marine Mutiny Bill, committed.

Bill to permit making certain Sorts of Bread, deferred.

17° — 18° Decembris.

244

Bottom of a Place called The Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Jure, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester, which Bill was, this Day, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Veneris, 18* die Decembris;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Gratis The Lords and Mr. Spranger: have aSn*i

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mitchel-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, inclosure Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within Bill, the several Tythings or Hamlets of Braishfield, and Awbridge, in the Manor and Parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the Manor and Parish of Timsbury, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lancaster Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving,

a certain Stinted Pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amend- BilL ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Blaauw'* Act for naturalizing Marie Anne commonly Nat-Bill-

called Maria Ann Blaauw; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-Morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 4th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, improv- Dean Forat ing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and Road* Bill, through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste passed‘ Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said. Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening,‘and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest, to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hilin the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of Colonel Colonel

Hay's Letter of Service, dated 2d April 1794, be

printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members

rf the House. tobeposud.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Owners of Land QueensfeiTy in the Counties of Perth, Fife, and Kinross, was Partt presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth_. Year of the Reign

Old Stratford and Dunchurch Road Petition reported.

36 Geo. III. 18° Decetnbris. 245

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the " North Queensferry, through the Towns of -

" keithing and Kinross, to the Town of and also

" the Road from the said Queensferry to the Towns " of Dunfermline, Torryburn, and Culross; and also the " Road from the said Queensferry, through " thing, to Bruntisland and Kirkcaldie," the Term and Powers of which Act were continued and enlarged by another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making and repairing the said Roads, with Power to levy Tolls on the same, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that, under the Authority of the said Acts, the said Road, from North Queensferry to the Town of Perth has been made, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby authorized to be levied, which is still owing; but the said Hoad is still in Want of Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, or the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged; and there are several Improvements of the said Road, and the Communication thereby, which, if made, will be of great Benefit to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queemferry.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear tb them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Allardyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Andrew Mieres being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, great Part of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir

Vol. 51.

JYilliam Dolben and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, Beccles Pav to whom the Petition of several of the principal In- &c-Fe" habitants of the Town of Beccles, in the County of ^on report' Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Jeremiah Smith being examined, said, That the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town, and removing and preventing all Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, or travelling through the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Rous do prepare;, and bring in, the same.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, South Town, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Bulcanip,&c. and other Persons residing in the Counties of Suffolk R°ads Fetj* and Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had rep°r examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Jeremiah Smith being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, in the County of Suffolk (through the Parishes of Haddiscoe and Beccles) to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Bulcamp, in the Parish of Blythburgh, in the said County, and also, the Road branching out of the said Road leading from South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Bulcamp aforesaid, at or near the Church in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Suffolk, and leading, to the Town of Halemorth, in the said County, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons having Estates in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, and to Travellers, if the said Roads were properly formed, widened, and put in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BHl for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the Turnpike Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Rous da prepare, and bring in, the same.

itlr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Wakefield whom the Petition of several Merchants and other Lighting and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; reported

3 R That I

itr uecem.

« j. i yo!t

That the Committee had examined, and found that the mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for House of Peers, to hear the Commission read,

paving and improving Towns, had not been complied Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up with, the Parties not being apprized that Notices were to the House of Peers, required to be given respecting Bills that were only for And being returned;

lighting, watching, and cleansing, till after the Time Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire limited for giving the Notices; but the Committee find of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Cotn-that it is not proposed to raise any Money by a Toll mission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of upon Travellers for the Purposes of the intended Bill; Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was and that the Committee had examined the Matter of read; giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent the said Petition, and had directed him to report the to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered J Vales, His Royal Highness the Duke of His

it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

and is as followeth; viz. Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. of the Lord High Chancellor of Great

Richard Battye being examined, said, That the Streets, Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord the said Town, are not properly lighted, watched, or Archbishop of , and the Lord High Chan-

cleansed; and that if the said Streets, and other Places, cellor of Great , and the Lord Steward of His

were properly lighted and cleansed, and a Nightly Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commis-Watch appointed, it would tend to the Safety and sion, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent Convenience of the Inhabitants, and of all Persons to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz. resorting to the said Town. An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Ma-

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, jesty's Person and Government against treasonable and Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances seditious Practices and Attempts: mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Notices may be given, at the next General Quarter Meetings and Assemblies:

Sessions of the Peace to be hoklen for the West Riding An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of the County of York, and three Times in some News- of Grain within the Kingdom:

paper usually circulated in the said West Riding, in the An Act for the better Relief of the Poor within the present Month of December, and in the Month of several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part January next, or either of them, of the Application to of Britain called England, incorporated by divers Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Report. Maintenance and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor Petition from The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the within the said several Hundreds, Towns and Districts, tion^fLon- City of London attended at the Door; they were called as to the Assessments to be made upon the several don, respect- in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective

ing the mak- A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, for the Support and ing of Bread. Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council Maintenance of the Poor:

assembled. An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise im-

And then they withdrew. proving, a certain Stinted Pasture called Lancaster

And the said* Petition was read; Setting forth, That Marsh, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: the Petitioners observe, with Concern, by the Report An Act to continue the Term of Tw'o Acts, passed . of the Corn Committee of the House, that Measures in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King are absolutely necessary to be taken for the Diminution George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His of the Use of fine Wheaten Flour throughout the King- present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road dom, to prevent a Scarcity before the next Harvest; leading from The lVell, at the North West End of the and that the Petitioners conceive, that the most effectual Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, Mode of obtaining that desirable End will be by enacting to a Place called Rivcrhill, in the Parish of a Law to prohibit the making any finer Sort of Bread, in the said County:

throughout the Kingdom, than what consists only of An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of such a Proportion of fine Wheaten Flour as the Exigency Three Acts, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his of the present Situation of the Country requires: And late Majesty, and the Second Year of His present Ma-therefore praying the House to take such Measures to jesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades accomplish the Wish of the Petitioners as to the House in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royslon, in shall seem most proper. the said County:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are ap- Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common pointed to take into Consideration the present high Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places' Price of Corn. within the several Tythings or Hamlets of

and Awbridge, in the Manor and Parish of hubbren's An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Diederich Mitchelmersh, and within the Manor and Parish of Nat. Bill Lubbren, was read the Third Time. Timsbury, in the County of Southampton:

passed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Wakeman,

be, An Act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbren. Esquire, with Theodosia Freeman his now Wife, and to Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes Lords, and desire their Concurrence. therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Boue ar\d

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the

to Bills. Black Rod: An Act for naturalizing John Henry Freese

Mr. Speaker, An Act for naturalizing Petrus Wilhelmus

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Pottgeisser:

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several An Act for naturalizing Mark Anne >, com-

Acte agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the hn- monly called Maria Ann Blaauzt'.

Ordered,

30-;<irE0. 111.

18° Decembris.

247

IVhtiuy Bill,

Up piused.

'k to-

ol

tos

td; 'of

His The Lords

have agreed

10? to

to Bill for rais-

it] ing a Sum by

rS Annuities.

n-

Ik

i Bill for new

at Duties on

Horse Dealers

Licences,

a- passed.

Bill for new Duties on Horses not charged, passed.

Poor Relief Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to His Majesty new' Duties on all Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Colts, Fillies, and Mules, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty new Duties on certain Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, " and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating " to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the " Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases.

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to peimit making certain Sorts of Bread, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Vol. <51.

Bill, by Way of Ryder, for saving the Rights of the City of London, and of the Company of Bakers there.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to PrintedPaper resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Stuffs upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on printed Paper and printed Stuffs;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 2d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on high Price consider further of the present high Price of Corn; deferred' Resolved. That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 2d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means> consider further of Ways and Means for raising the delerrwl-Supply granted to llis Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the 3d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the 3d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for addi-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His tional Duties Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for on H,*rse®> the Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages v therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by W ay of Ryder, for exempting Persons occupying or having Estates under a certain Value.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned.

O O

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for Re-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Reduction luct‘0" of of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, be now read. deferred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing Bounties on BiH for allow, the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, ing Bounties Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, -or Indian Meal, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any fct

Kingdom passed.'

248 18*1 — 19°

Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 10. At the End of the Line insert "

" ton"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved ', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Decembris, A. 1795.

taking, expended not only the said Sum of 130,000 /., but by far the greatest Part of the said Sums of 60,000l. and 60,000l., and the said Navigation is now nearly completed. That the Company have incurred sundry Debts for Arrears of Interest, and otherwise, which they are at present unable to satisfy, and greatly exceed the Amount of the Monies they might still borrow by virtue of the said Acts; that the Company are desirous of raising the further Sum of 65,000l., to enable them to discharge their Arrears of Interest, and other Debts, and to promote the general Purposes of their Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, to raise a certain Suin of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation: And that Sir George Jackson and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bill for deter- Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for deter-

Allowances m*n*ng the present Allowances for Waste on Salt car-for Waste on ried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective Times Salt, deferred, of Payment of the Duties on Salt, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 19* die Decembris;

Anno 36* Georgii III" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

Thames and O IR George Jackson reported from the Committee, ConTan^s'*^ to whom the Petition of the Company of Pro-PeUtion"/8 prietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation reported! was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'oiz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ail Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or at or near Leachlade, to communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at JVallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, was read; whereby it appeared that the said Company were empowered to raise among themselves the Sum of 130,000l., and if that Sum should be found in- sufficient, they were empowered to borrow the Sum of 60,000l. upon the Credit of the said Navigation.

And another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, was also read, whereby the said . Company was empowered to borrow the further Sum of 60,000 /. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Navigation: And,

Mr: James Black being examined, said, That the Company have, in the Prosecution of the said Under-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for deier-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, for Waste« and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of Salt, paisd. the Duties on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ' Bill for Re-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exporta- Suction of Sugar, be now read. passed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are ap- Additional pointed to inquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan, have Power to report 0ntheL<m. the Evidence, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Time for Private Bills be enlarged until Thursday, the 11th Day receiving of February next.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Aswt Black Rod: to a Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Commission

Thames and Severn Canal Company's Bill, presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Assessed Taxes Duty Bill.

Bill for Re« duction of Drawbacks, &c. on Sugar.

Bill for determining the Allowances for Waste on Salt.

Tobacco and Snuff Duty BUI.

Bill for additional Duties on Horses.

Bill for new Duties on Horses not charged.

Bill for new Duties on Horse Dealers Licences.

36 Geo. III.

19° — 23® Decembns.

249

Commission afore-mentioned, bad been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth;

viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23® die Decembris;

Anno 36® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

SIR George Jackson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty futher additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt; without auy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty new Duties on certain Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting ' Vol. 51.

new Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread; without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the " Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases; without any Amendment: And also,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low " Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or " any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich, Baronet, and Dame Mary Frances his Wife, situate in the County of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual Sums, payable during the Life, and for the Benefit, of Sir George Rich, Baronet, upon the Terms therein mentioned; to whch the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

, S And

Bill to permit making certain Sorts of Bread.

Bill for allowing Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, &c.

Bill to amend the Grand Junction Canal Acts.

Mutiny Bill.

Poor Relief Bill.

North Shields and Newcastle upon Tyne Road Bill.

Dean Forest Roads Bill.

Bill for prohibiting the making of Spirits from Wheal, &c.

The Lords have passed

Sir Charles Rich's Estate Bill.

250 230 Decembris. A. 1795.

Sir Charles And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Rich's Estate Tjmei

i , rea . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from A Petition of t^e Ba and West of England Society the Bath, &c. for the Encouragement of Agriculture, Arts, Manu-Incisure fticutures, and Commerce, met in their General An-BilL niversary at Bath the 8th Day of December 1795, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, ardently solicitous for the Posperity, Tranquillity, and Happiness of this Kingdom, as inseparably connected with Provisions adequate to the Wants of the People, and the Benefits to be derived from a wise and spirited Improvement of Agriculture throughout the Realm, presume to lay before the House their deep Concern on this important Subject: The Petitioners are constrained to think that, under the Providence of the Almighty, the natural Source of internal Strength and Happiness is to be derived from such a Plan of cultivating the Soil of this Country as may most folly and effectually employ, in its

fruitful Fields, the laborious Industry of an active and 1 *

persevering People: With this firm Persuasion the Petitioners, in common with the great Body of Britons, most warmly attached to the grand Interests of the Kingdom, have long, with the deepest Regret, considered that while a Scarcity of Supply in the essential Articles of Subsistence has been often apprehended, and is at present severely felt, a large Proportion of the Lands of the Kingdom, capable of being rendered abundantly productive, are suffered to lie almost useless for Want of the necessary Provisions for bringing them into Cultivation! The Evidence of this Truth, too long the ineffectual Theme of public Lamentation, the Petitioners conceive to have been of late most completely demonstrated by the laudable Exertions of the National Board of Agriculture, an Institution which at once reflects Honour on the Legislature, and a Ingh Degree of Credit on the active Individuals which compose that Board: Penetrated, as the Petitioners are, with the fullest Persuasion of the Competence of the House to devise effectual Means for removing an Evil fraught with alarming Danger to a large Majority of Englishmen, the Petitioners would wish to indulge a Diffidence respecting the full Extent of Recommendation and Prayer on this Occasion; but contemplating, as they have long done, the most prompt and radical Means of giving effectual Scope to the Agricultural Genius of this Country, and thereby to provide, as far as human Foresight may go, against the Calamity of future Want, the Petitioners take the Liberty of proposing to the House the Measure of a General Inclosure Bill. The Petitioners beg Leave to express their Opinion, that much National Disadvantage has arisen, and would be likely to continue, from the local Difficulty and Expence of obtaining private Bills of Inclosure for neglected Portions of Land, although obviously of small Value in that State, and sometimes really injurious to the surrounding Country, from their noxious Qualities, while, in most Instances, where those Difficulties have been surmounted, large Quantities of good Grain and Pasture have been procured, and seasonably brought in Aid of the increasing Wants of the Community, affording, at the same Time, Opportunities of improving Public Roads, and giving Cheerfulness and Beauty where Obstruction and barren -Deformity before disgusted: Under the Authority and Regulations of such a general Bill of Inclosure, providing for a due Proportion of small and middle-sized Farms, the Petitioners trust that the enterprizing and ardent Industry of this Country would be so strongly excited, as gradually to produce the most happy Effects of Plenty, and a renovated Attachment of the laborious Classes to their native Home: That the Petitioners also, while they anticipate the happy

National Effects of such 'a Public Measure, cannot but foresee, from its Adoption, a proportionate Extension of the surest Foundations of Manufactures and Commerce; an unrivalled Excellence in the most useful of which has long and justly been the Boast of the English Nation, and by a further Extension of which, in the present State of National Intercourse, the desirable Bonds of future Amity with other Countries may be happily strengthened: But, were it possible that such consequent Advantages should not follow, the Petitioners would yet feel the most powerful Conviction, that the past and present Experience of this Country calls aloud for all possible Aid to the most extensive Increase of its Agriculture, as the sure immutable Basis of its Loyalty, Strength, and Happiness: The Petitioners therefore hope, That this Subject may speedily be taken into Consideration, and that such effectual Measures may be adopted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive, Lands of the Kingdom.

A Petition of George Earl of P was presented Little C*t«r. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe- p"(it^wur* titioner is Owner of the greatest Part of the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland; and that the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, are, in their present Open State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioner, and the several other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed; and therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Bowceric and Mr. Wig do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George Earl of Pomfret was presented Greatforf to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the J"c!°«ure Petitioner is Owner of the greatest Part of the Open et, Uwu and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln; and that the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, are, in their present Open State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioner, and the several other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave'may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Bouverie and Mr. Wigley do prepare, and bring, in, the same.

A Petition of the most Noble Charles Duke of Workaop, Norfolk, Lord of the Manor of Worksop, in the County Ioclwur* of Nottingham, and the humble Petition of the Reve- eUbon-rend Thomas Stacye, Vicar of Worksop aforesaid, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

« in

36 Geo. III. 23 0 Decembris251

tv

iiira

tin

'k

tier.

5>

4

n

P-

a

in the Townships of Worktop, Radford and in

the Parish of Worksop aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors in the Open Fields in the said Townships of Radford,

and Kilton, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Par-

eels, and are at present incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if Power was given to allot, or divide, and inclose, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Townships, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Bouverie and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

t

t

V,

ad"

ile

of

at

cte

idt

IS

it

=1

k

"1

a

tse

ut

d

Gateford and A Petition of the most Noble Charles Duke of Enclosure f0^* t*ie Manor of Worksop, in the County of

Petition. Nottingham, and the humble Petition of the Reverend John Hewett, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop aforesaid, and Impropriator of the great Tythes of Shireoaks aforesaid, and of Gateford, in the said Parish of Worksop, Cornelius Heathcote Rodes, Esquire, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors in the Open Fields in the said Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are at present incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if Power was given to allot, or divide, and inclose, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Townships, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties con*' cemed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foF the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Bouverie and Mr. Wigley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

M&rston ' More tain

'1 laelowir* Petition.

A

ji

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Right honourable the Earl of the Right

honourable the Earl Spencer, and the Right honourable the Earl of Upper Ossory, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Open Fields and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Marston Moretain, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Owners thereof if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Bouverie and Mr. Wigley do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

*6

Petition A Petition of the thereunder-signed Magistrates and

respecting other Inhabitants- of the Town and Port of Dover, pro-the highPnce pQggj and agreed to, at the Guildhall, on the 18th Day of December 1795, was presented to the House, and Tead; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having tVo L. 51.

taken into Consideration the high Price of Bread, and endeavoured to collect useful Information on that Subject, especially such as respects Paver and the neighbouring Towns, beg Leave to approach the House) most submissively stating some Facta which they conceive to have been connected with the Origin and Progress of the Evil, together with the probable Means of diminishing its present Pressure, and averting its future Return: First, it appears to the Petitioners, that the increased Price of Wheat cannot be wholly ascribed to the Failure of the last Crop, since it bears no Proportion to that Deficiency as stated in the Returns made by the Lords Lieutenants of the several Counties to His Majesty's Secretary of State — They cannot forbear considering this Grievance as originating, in a great Degree, from the secret and collusive Manner in which Wheat is now sold, and the general Disuse of the ancient Practice of producing the whole Quantity of Grain intended for Sale in an Open and Public Market — To this Practice has unhappily succeeded the Sale by Sample, which, as it is generally conducted, enables the Seller either wholly to conceal his Samples, or to withhold the best of them, till the Market is nearly closed, for the Purpose of extorting an exorbitant Price — Thus the Buyev, being ignorant of the Quantity and Quality of Grain to be disposed of, is compelled (especially if he ha* a large Contract to fulfil within a limited Time) to purchase the worst, or very inferior Corn, for a Sum greater, or as great as could be fairly demanded for the best — It is obvious that to the same Cause must be ascribed another pernicious Effect, viz. The extreme Difficulty, not to say the Impossibility, of discovering Collusions and Combinations between the Buyer and the Seller of Wheat, by which the Regulations of Law are rendered nugatory, and those appointed to enforce them exposed to Derision and Contempt — ' Hence the Object of the Act of Parliament, which empowers the Magistrate to fix the Assize of Bread with due Reference to the equitable Price of the Materials employed in making it, is in a great Measure defeated, since it too frequently happens that the Price cannot be ascertained — In several Places, indeed, the Evils above-mentioned have been partially remedied by the Appointment of Inspectors empowered to enquire into the Price of Grain sold by Sample or otherwise, and to make distinct Returns of the same; but this Expedient affords a very inadequate Substitute for the Production of Com in Gross, and the Remedy-such as it is, does not extend to Dover or any neighbouring Town, and, indeed, to Three Towns only in the whole County of Kent-~The Sale by Sample is therefore carried on without any Inspection or Restraint, and its Consequences are severely felt: The Petitioners, with all due Humility, submit to the House, that, so far as they have observed, or are informed, the Price of Flour is not sufficiently regulated by that of Wheat, nor do they know of any Reason urged against the enacting of a Law requiring it to be so regulated, which would not equally operate against all legal Controul over the Baker — The Principle, on which the Legislature has forborne to impose any unnecessary Restrictions on Agriculture, would not, the Petitioners apprehend, be violated in the one Instance more than in the other, since not Bread alone, but the Flour of which it is made, and the Wheat which yields.that Flour, are equally necessary for the Support of Life — The Petitioners presume further to remark, that the Miller is at present beyond the Reach of a Law most wisely enacted to punish the Crimes of Bakers, Brewers, victuallers, and almost every other Person concerned in vending such Commodities at are requisite for the daily Subsistence of Man — Moreover, that the Power entrusted to the Magistrate, of causing strict Search to be made in the Premisses of the Baker, and discovering any Breach of the Law

arising

North wold

Inclosure Bill,

committed.

Member added to bring in Basing, &c. Inclosure Bill.

.252 23° Decern hr is. A. 1795.

arising from the fraudulent Exercise of his Trade, is in some Points defective, neither hath it been so extended as to prevent similar Frauds on the Part of the Miller, whom, though it may be most necessary to punish, it is most difficult to detect; for, the Petitioners are advised, that no Search can be made into the Premisses of the Miller, Mealman, or Baker, for the Purpose of examining the Grain, Meal, or Flour, previously to its being made into Bread, unless an Information on Oath be first laid before a Magistrate, yet, to obtain this is usually difficult, and often impracticable, and thus Statutes, framed for the best and most necessary Purposes, become impotent and forgotten — Actuated therefore by such Feelings as become Men zealous for the Prosperity of their Country, and proportionably anxious for the Maintenance of Subordination and Tranquillity, which are ever best secured by promoting the Happiness of the indigent and industrious Part of the Community, looking up at the same Time to the Wisdom of the Legislature for the Removal of that Distress which various Circumstances have conspired to produce, the Petitioners do, with the utmost Deference and Submission, suggest the following as some of those Measures which the Exigence of the Case may be found to require: First, that the Sale of Wheat by Sample be speedily prohibited, and the ancient Practice above described restored in every Market except that holden in Mark Lane, in London: Secondly, that, if this cannot be granted to the Petitioners most humble and enamest Entreaty, an Inspector or Sworn Clerk be appointed in every Town in Great Britain in which Corn has been accustomed to be sold, and that he be invested with Authority as nearly resembling that of the Inspector at Mark Lane as may be compatible with the Situation and Circumstances of each respective Market: Thirdly, That the Price of Flour be duly regulated by that of Wheat: Fourthly, that the Premisses of the Miller, Mealman, and Baker, be subjected to a strict Search, in order to discover every Substance and Contrivance employed in the Adulteration of the Commodities in which they deal, and that the Magistrate be authorized to issue his Warrant for that Purpose, although no Information shall have been laid before him: And, lastly, the Petitioners are firmly convinced that nothing less than the Interference of the Legislature in this, or some better Method, dictated by superior Talents, acting on more extensive Information, can be expected to accomplish the End desired; that no Agreements formed by Individuals, however numerous and enlightened, will bo sufficient fully to remedy the Evils they have presumed to enumerate; and that the Design of such Associations is usually frustrated by the Fickleness of some, the Negligence or Timidity of others, but, above all, by the Subterfuges and Combination of Offenders insensible to Shame, and at present far removed from just and necessary Punishment.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands,' Commons, Fen Grouuds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir John Wodehouse, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested in, the Common Fields, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederuell, in the County of Southampton.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Basing and Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Mappleder-Open and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and welHneio-other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes (|||A

of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the County of South-

ampton: And the same was received; and read the F'irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are PertenbaD thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, J)nclosur* Commonable Ground, and Commons, in the Com- eUtwlL mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of,

in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Lands, belonging to the several Proprietors, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and W'aste Grounds, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gen- Member tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, added to a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Great Wood-Reverend William Pinnock, Rector of the Parish of lnd#-Great Woolstone, in the County of Bucks, and of the *ure BilL several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Properties and Interests in the several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures,

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Wool-stone aforesaid.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Great Wool-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and stone h*4*0-Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, pr — en in the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, added to a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Wa), being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested, in the i»do«um Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lunds, and Bill, other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton.

Mr Hobartpresented to the House, according to Nether Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the "Wallop h»-Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste |t

Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish p of Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

iy0.

Colne and % % Blackburn Road Bill, reported.

'h I:

ill" tL*

C

rN 3ij

w

Bill to obviate ft a Doubt re-

spec ting the

Rothwell Haigh Inclo-T- sure Act,

& committed.

Of*

t'j\

iU*

bs the

Q.^ Maidstone Paving, &c. Petition, reported.

El

ins

n

a-

cis

tiel'

ib-

be

b,

A

s/*

3>

j £

Jf

)v

Vv

si'

si

fr.

36 Geo. III. 23° Decembris. 253

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, be discharged unless a further Sum of Money is raised to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the for those Purposes.

Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lan- Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the caster, was committed; That die Committee had exa- Table.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Ordered, That, in 'Consideration of the Circuni* to be true ,* and that the Committee had gone through stances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, that Notices may be given, at the Christmas Quarter which they had directed him to report to the House; Sessions to be holden for the County of Kent, and and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Three Times in The London Gazette, and in the News-delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the paper called Kentish Gazette, in the present Month of Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once December, and in the Month of January, or either of read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, mentioned in the said Report, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to

by the House. A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Tysoe Inclo-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lands and Estates within the Parish, Hamlets, and sure Pelition-

ingrossed. Liberties, of Middle Tysoe, otherwise Church Tysoe,

Upper Tysoe, and Lower Tysoe, otherwise Temple Tysoe,

A Bill to obviate a Doubt touching the Validity of in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, certain Parts of an Award made in pursuance of an and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Ma- said Parish, Hamlets, and Liberties, several Open and jesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract Common Fields, and also several Common Meadows, of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and

Time. ' others; and that the Property in the said Open and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Common Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Stanley, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Parcels, and the same, and also the Common Mea-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's dows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Chamber. Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present State,

incapable of being properly cultivated and improved,

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do make the Report but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and spe-from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the se- cific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and other Persons interested therein, the same might being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the be considerably improved: And therefore praying,

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid* intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regu- ing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Comlating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

" Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such " the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House " Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, shall think proper.

Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" for better supplying the said Town with Water, and pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that " for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Mr. Wigley and Mr. Jervoise do prepare, and bring in,

" Maidstone," was referred. the same.

Mr. Wigley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Denbigh and that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed Mold Roads Paving and Aqueduct Bills, had been complied with, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Petition-with respect to the Notice directed to be given at the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; but that it was not " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the known by the Trustees that they were so much in Debt " Roads from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike for Works done in executing the said Act as they are, " Road between Northop and Holywell, and from until the Month of October; and that, unless the Trus- " Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of tees are now enabled to borrow a further Sum of " high and Flint," was presented to the House, and Money, as proposed by the Petition, they cannot pos- read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded sibly discharge such Debts, nor can they complete the in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed Improvements directed by the Act, which will be a a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the great Inconvenience and Injury to the said Town; Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still and that the Committee had examined the Matter of remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said the said Petition, which they had directed to be re- Roads effectually amended and kept in good Reported to the House; and he read the Report in his pair, unless the Term of the said Act be further Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's continued, and some Alterations and Amendments Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; made thereto; and that a certain Road, branching viz. out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road, near

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the a Public House opposite Lleweney Park, known said Act was read; And, by the Sign of the Blue Hand, and extending from

Mr. Stephen Lamprey being examined, said, That thence to the Entrance into a certain Common called the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Denbigh Green, and from the said Entrance into Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of 7,000 /. such Common, across Part thereof, till it joins the (being the Whole of the Money authorized to be raised Turnkipe Road at the North End of the same Com-upon the Credit thereof) which has been duly applied mon, leading from the Town of Denbigh aforesaid to for the Purposes of the said Act, but the same being the Town of Asaph, in the said County of Flbit, found insufficient, the Trustees have not been able to and also, a certain Road branching out of the above-complete the Works directed to be done by the said mentioned Turnpike Road at Afon Wen aforesaid, and Act; and they have also incurred several considerable leading from thence to the Town of in the

Debts, which now remain unpaid, and which cannot County of Flint, are in a ruinous Condition, and in V01. 51. 3 T many

254 23° Decembris. , .1795.

many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Road leading from the Blue Hand to the Turnpike Road at the North End of Denbigh Green aforesaid, and the said other Road leading from Afon Wen to the Town of Flint aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lloyd, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thornton, A Petition of several Proprietors of the Commons and Waste Grounds and ancient inclosed Lands here-

sure Petition, inafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Townships of Thornton, Fama and within the

Parishes of Thornton and Ellerburn, in the North Riding of the County of or some or one of them,

a certain Common, called Thornton and Famamby Common, computed to contain about 600 Acres, and there are also other Common or Waste Grounds, containing together about 12 Acres, and likewise ancient inclosed Lands subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind; and that there is, within the Township of King-thorp, in the Parish of Pickering, in the said North Riding of the County of York, a certain Common called Kingthorp Common, computed to contain about 300 Acres, and there are also ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind; and that the Rights of the several Proprietors upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds are of little Value in the present uninclosed State of the same, and the Tythes of the different Tythe Owners of Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lands, within the said several Townships, or some of them, are at present greatly intermixed and dispersed, and very troublesome to receive, and it would be of great Advantage to the said Proprietors and Tythe Owners, and an Improvement of their Estates, and to the Public in general, that the said Commons and Waste Grounds should be divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, and that Compensation should be made for the Tythe thereof, and of the Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lands, within the said several Townships: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Montgomery, Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom

Utionre- Petiu°n of die Guardians of the Poor of the

ported. Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Parishes, Chapelries, and Townships, united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Parishes and Places, was read: And,

Edmund Edge, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Poor are found to be greatly more numerdus than they were supposed to be when the said Act passed, and therefore it is necessary to carry on the Buildings upon a much more extensive Plan than that upon which the Estimate of the Expences was made. That the whole Sum of 12,000l. authorized to be borrowed, has been borrowed and expended, and a further Debt of 1,700l. and upwards, has been incurred.' That by Reason of the Necessity of extending the Buildings, and the very great Increase in the Price of Timber and other Articles, it will require upwards of 5,000l. to discharge the Debt so incurred, to complete the Buildings and necessary Works, and to provide proper Furniture and Utensils of Work. That in order effectually to carry the Purposes of the former Act into Execution, it is necessary some Alterations and Amendments should be made to the Act, and some further Powers given.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Mongomery and Salop: And that Mr. Lloyd and Mr. IVigley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to enable the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Work-house for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Leaves, Mr. Alderman Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lloyd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kedezcen, Hopton, and Ovei'gor in the County of Montgomery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested, in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham.

Sir George Jackson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham: And the -same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ryder, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, as it should appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, delivered in to the House an Appendix to the Report, which, upon the 9th Day of

St Bride s Church and Workhouse Bill, committed.

Kedewenand

Hopton, &c. Inclosure Bill, presented.

Member added to bring m Sherington Inclosure BUI.

Sherington Inclosure BUI, presented.

Appendix to Third Report from Select Committee on the high Price of Com, delivered in.

S M &

36 CrEO. III. 23° Decembm.

255

this Instant December, was made from the said Committee.

The said Appendix is entered in the Proceedings of the 9th Instant, after the Report to which it belongs.

Ordered, That the said Appendix do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

4 I

Report from Sir John Sinclair reported from the Select Com- °m* mittee, who were appointed to take into Consideration

mittee on , _ _/ ~r _ , r

promoting the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improve-

the Cultiva- ment of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive tion of Waste Lands of the Kingdom, and to report the same, ands' from Tirtie to Time, as it should appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Un-Iriclosed, fend unproductive Lands of the Kingdom; and to report the same from Time to Time, as' it 'should appear to them, together ''With their Opinion thereupon, to the House; Having proceeded to that important Enquiry, had, in the first Place, laid" before them a: Copy of the Resolutions of the Board of Agriculture'on the Subject of cultivating the Waste Lands and Commons of the Kingdom (see Appendix A.) together with various other Communications from that Board; in particular an Address from its President, on which the Resolutions above-mentioned were founded (Appendix B.); and also Extracts from the Printed Reports of the different Surveyors employed by the Board, in furnishing Accounts' of the present Agricultural State of the various Counties in these Kingdoms, and the Means Of their Improvement, (Appendix C.) From the Consideration of which, your Committee are deeply impressed with an Opinion, that a general System of facilitating the Division of Waste Lands and Commons, is an Object riot only anxiously to be wished for, as the Means of removing a Material Obstacle to Improvement, and of promoting the Prosperity and general Interests of the Kingdom, but more particularly as'being one of the most effectual Measures that can possibly be suggested, for preventing any Risk of suffering under the Pressure of Scarcity in future.

Your Committee would, however, have deferred making any Report on this Subject, till they had endeavoured, in so far as their means of Information permitted, to ascertain the extent of those Waste Lands, and the probable Advantages to be derived by the Public from their Improvement; and to investigate the many important Particulars connected with the Consideration of any general Plan to be adopted for that Purpose; — but as there is reason to believe, that by taking early Measures for promoting such Improvements, those Lands might not only be speedily brought into a State of Cultivation, but might be improved in such a Manner, as to yield a considerable Addition to' the Stock of Provisions for the Sustenance of the People, in the Course both of the next and of the succeeding Year, and more particularly to furnish a very large additional Supply of Potatoes, when such Aid is peculiarly desirable, namely, before the Produce of the ensuing Harvest ' can be ready for Vol. 51.

Consumption — your Committee thought it necessary, to lose no Time, in submitting to the Consideration of the House the general Information to which they have already referred, together with the Opinion they have been led to form thereupon.

In considering the important Subject before them, it occurred to your Committee, that it was material for the House to determine as early as possible, whether it would be expedient or not, m a Period o( Scarcity like the present, to giant any extraordinary Encouragement to the Culture of Potatoes, more especially if raised in the Waste Lands of the Kingdom, whether such Waste Land be already divided and allotted, or not. It appears from a Paper laid before your Committee, (Appendix D.) that such Lands are peculiarly calculated for the Production of that Article; and it is evident that such Encouragement does not interfere with the usual Cultivation and Produce of the Kingdom. If the House thought it advisable to come early to a Determination in favour of that Proposition, the previous Arrangements, for purchasing proper Sets or Plants, and for procuring Information respecting the best Mode of Culture, might be taken by those, who were inclined to engage in that Branch of Husbandry. Premiums, amounting to a Sum not exceeding 60,0001., might be amply sufficient for that Purpose; and by the proper Distribution of which, Two Objects might be obtained at the same Time; namely, that of securing a great additional Stock of Subsistence set an early Period of the Season, and also that of promoting the Improvement of extensive Wastes, now unproductive. Urged by so great an Encouragement (which your Committee have been led to recommend from the present Scarcity of Provisions, and the extraordinary Expence to which Persons who undertake to cultivate Wastes next Year will be liable, in Consequence of the Short- ness of the Notice to prepare for the same) there is every Reason to hope, that such Exertions will be made by the Proprietors and Farmers in cultivating considerable Tracts, and by the smaller Commoners, in improving that Portion of the Waste which may be allotted to them, that any Distress we may now experience, will soon give way to future Seasons of Abundance.

Any Encouragement, however, to promote the Cultivation of Wastes still remaining in Common, will be of little Avail, unless some Means are taken to facilitate their Division; and as a general System cannot well be formed, without previously examining a large Proportion of the nuhierous Private Acts which have already passed (for which Purpose some Steps have been already taken by Your Committee; for, in their Opinion, from the various Regulations therein contained, a general Plan can best be drawn up); and as a Measure of such Extent and Importance must demand their minutest and most careful Enquiry: your Committee are inclined to think, that it would require a considerable Space of Time, before a Bill on this important and extensive Subject could be prepared, and put in such a Shape, as might be likely to receive the Approbation of the House. But, your Committee conceive, that in the mean Time a Bill for facilitating Divisions of Commons, by Agreement among the Parties interested, and for removing legal Disabilities for that Purpose, would be attended with much Public Benefit, and in its Principle could riot be well objected to It certainly would not require the same Length of Time for receiving the necessary Consideration of Parliament, as a Plan of a more extensive Nature, which they propose afterwards to bring forward.

Your Committee have therefore come to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion -of this Committee, That the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste Lands and Commons of the Kingdom, is one of the

most

256

23° Decembris.

A. 17 9

Report on the most important Objects to which the Attention of Cultivation of Parliament can possibly be directed.

Mte ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the granting of a Bounty to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes, in Lands at present lying waste, uncultivated, or unproductive, would not only be the Means of augmenting, in a considerable Degree, that valuable Article of Food, but might also be the Means of promoting the Improvement of extensive Tracts of Land, at present of little Value.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Chairman do move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for facilitating the Division and Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement.

APPENDIX.

Appendix (A.)

RESOLUTIONS of the Board of Agriculture on the Subject of the Waste Lands and Commons of Great Britain; November 20th, 1795.

Resolved, 1. That it appears to this Board, from the Returns made of the State of Agriculture in the different Counties, that a very considerable Proportion of the Territory of the United Kingdom still remains Waste and Unproductive, though capable of great Improvement; and it is the Opinion of the Board, that the present Scarcity and high Price of Provisions, call most forcibly for every possible Encouragement that can be the Means of bringing such extensive Tracts of valuable Land into a State of Cultivation.

3. That the Improvement of these Lands would be greatly facilitated, by a general Law, to render the Division and Drainage thereof less troublesome and expensive; the necessity of applying for private Acts being the chief Obstacle, and amounting, in many Instances, to a Prohibition of so essential an Improvement.

3. That it is expedient, that Application be made to Parliament, to take under its Consideration the best Mode of encouraging the Improvement of such Lands, as one of the most effectual means of providing for an increased Population, giving Employment to the industrious and labouring Poor, and preventing future Scarcity.

4. That it is the Opinion of this Board, such an Application has become peculiarly necessary at this Time, as the Lands now in Cultivation have been found, on the Average of several Years past, inadequate to the Consumption of the Kingdom; and that such an Encouragement of Agriculture as is here recommended might not only be the Means of raising a sufficient Quantity of Bread Corn for the Home Consumption, but also of providing a Surplus, and preventing the precarious Situation, of depending on Foreign Countries for the National Subsistence.

5. That the President be requested to move, in the House of Commons, for the Appointment of a Committee, to take the above important Subject into Consideration; and that the Board do lay before any Committee that may be appointed for that Purpose,

| all the Information that it has been able to collect in

regard to the Waste and Unproductive Lands of the Kingdom.

John Sinclair, President.

the Metropolis, appears sufficiently evident from the following Account of the Number of Black or Neat Cattle and Sheep Annually brought for Sale to Smithfield Market, from the Year 1732 to 1794, both inclusive.

MEMORANDUM

Resolution.

respecting the Third

Year*. Cattle. Sheep.

1732 m - 76,210 - 514,700

1733 - - 80,169 555,050

1734 - - 78,810 566,910

*735 - - 83,894 590,970

1736 - - 87,606 587,420

1737 - - 89,862 607,330

1733 - - 87,010 589,470

1739 - - 86,787 568,980

1740 - - 84,810 501,020

1741 - - 77,714 536,180

1742 m - 79,601 503,260

1743 - - 76,475 468,120

1744 - - 76,648 490,620

1745 - - 74,188 563,99°

1746 - 7>,582 620,790

1747 - - 71,150 621,780

1748 - - 67,681 610,060

1749 - - 72,706 624,220

>750 - - 70,765 656,340

175> - 69,589 631,890

1752 - - 73,708 642,100

>753 - 75,252 648,440

>754 - - 70,437 631,350

>755 - - 74,290 647,100

>75*> - - 77,257 624,710

>757 - - 82,612 574,960

>758 - - 84,252 550,930

>759 - - 86,439 582,260

1760 - - 88,594 622,210

1761 - - 82,514 666,010

1762 - - 102,831 772,160

>763 - - 80,851 653,110

>764 - 75,168 556,360

1765 - - 81,630 537,000

1766 - - 75,534 574,79°

>767 - - 77,324 574,050

1768 - - 79,66o 626,170

1769 - - 82,131 642,910

>770 - - 86,890 649,090

1771 - - 93,573 631,860

>772 m - 89,503 609,540

>773 - 90,>33 609,740

>774 - - 90,419 585,290

>775 m - 93,58i 623,950

1776 - - 98,373 671,700

>777 - 93,714 714,870

1778 - - 97.36o 658,540

>779 - - 97,352 676,540

1780 - - 102,383 706,850

1781 - - 102,543 743,33°

1782 - - 101,176 728,970

>783 - - 101,840 701,610

1784 - - 98,143 616,110

1785 - - 99,057 641,470

1786 - 93,270 665,910

1787 - - 94,946 668,570

1788 - - - 92,829 679,100

>789 - - - 93,269 - 693,700

1790 - - - 103,708 - 729,660

>79' - - - 99,838 - 729,800

>792 - - - 107,263 - 752,569

>793 - - - 116,488 - - 729,810

>794 - - - 109,064 717,99°

It is to be observed also, that the Size and Weight

both of Cattle and Sheep, have probably increased at

The increased Population alluded to in the preceding Third Resolution, in so far at least as regards

the Consumption of Meat, per Pound, has augmented, besides the Addition in Point of Number.

The

36 Geo. III.

23° Decembris.

257

The Increase every Ten Years, since 1732, is as follows:

Consumption in 1794

with

1784

- Cattle. 109,064 Sheep. 717,99°

the (10 10,921 101,880

- 1 8,645 132,700

- 33,896 161,630

- 34,774 86,640

- 32,4»6 227,370

- 32,854 203,290

Increase, compared Consumption in Years) -D* in 1774 (20 Years) -D* in 1764 (30 Years) -D® in 1754 (40 Years)

D* in 1744 (50 Years) -D®in 1732 (62 Years) -

Consequently the Total Increase, in 62 Years, amounts to the enormous Number of 32,854 Head of Cattle, and 203,290 Sheep, for the Metropolis alone.

Appendix (B.)

ADDRESS to the Members of the Board of Agriculture, on the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste Lands of Great BritainBy the President.

INTRODUCTION.

AT the Conclusion of the last Session, I had the Honour of stating to the Board, my Intention of laying before it some Observations on the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste Lands of the Kingdom, a Subject at all Times of great Importance, but peculiarly so at the present Moment, when the Nation is under the Necessity of looking to Foreign Countries for a Part of its Subsistence. Fortunately, however, we have Resources in our Power, if properly called forth, more than sufficient to prevent the Necessity of depending in future, upon other Countries, for any of the Necessaries of Life. To point out the Means of bringing such Resources into Action, and to explain the Advantages to be derived from them, is the Object of this Address.

For the Purpose of stating the Subject with the

Seater Perspicuity, I shall consider it under the follow-eads:

I. The Circumstances which occasioned, in ancient Times, the Existence of such an Extent of Waste Lands and Commons in the Kingdom, including those which have hitherto retarded their Improvement.

II. An Estimate of the Extent of those Waste Lands, in so far as the same can be ascertained, and the probable Resources to be derived from their Cultivation and Improvement.

III. The different Kinds of Rights of Common which exist in the Kingdom, and are known in Law.

IV. The Law, as it now stands, for the Division of Wastes and Commons; and such Alterations as have been suggested, for the Purpose of facilitating such Divisions.

V. The Law and Practice of North Britain, in Regard to the Division of such Lands, where a general Act for inclosing Commons has long been established; with the Improvements which can be made therein.

VI. Some general Observations on the many public Advantages, and the many private Benefits, to be derived from the Division and Improvement of such Lands.

Sect. I. — On the Circumstances which anciently Report on the occasioned such an Extent of Waste Cultivation of Lands and Commons, and those which Wast®Lands* have hitherto retarded their Improvement.

In tracing the Circumstances which anciently occasioned such an Extent of Waste Lands and Commons in the Kingdom, and those which have hitherto retarded their Improvement, the Enquiries for that Purpose were much facilitated, by the Information found, not only in the Reports transmitted to the Board on the Agricultural State of the Kingdom *, but also in the Writings of several intelligent Authors who have incidentally treated of that Subject f* It would thence appear, that England was anciently divided into Districts, the Extent and Value of which varied extremely. Certain Portions of these Districts, under the Name of Demesne Lands, reserved to the Lords and Barons of the several Divisions, were possessed by the Proprietors themselves, and cultivated for their Use and Behoof by their Servants and Vassals, the latter of whom had frequently Lands granted to them in Severalty, subject to the above, and to other Services of a feudal Nature. In Process of Time, as Population increased, other Portions of Land were granted by the Lord, which the Tenants of the Manor occupied as Common Fields and Meadows, Part of which was kept in Grass, for Pasturage, or for Hay, to secure Winter Provision for their Cattle, and the Remainder was cultivated for Grain. The Residue was called the Lord's Waste, and being considered of little Value, the Tenants of the Manor were permitted to take from it Turf for Fuel, Wood for the Purpose of building or repairing their Houses, constructing their Instruments of Husbandry, &c.; and on the Herbage, the Cattle, Sheep, and Horses, both of the Lord and of his Tenants, found the scanty Means of Subsistence.

The first Portion was held in Severalty, and at an early Period was inclosed, to prevent the Encroachments of the Farmers in the Neighbourhood. The Second, whilst the Crop was upon the Ground, whether Meadow, Grass, or Grain, belonged exclusively to the Persons to whom it was granted, and by whom it was respectively occupied in Severalty; but no sooner was the Crop secure, than it reverted into a State of Commonage, among all the Persons who had Grants of Lands in such Common Fields. The Third Division always remained in Common, subject to a Variety of Regulations, according to the Customs established in the different Manors, whether the Common was stinted or unstinted, or whether more than One Manor or Township happened to be interested in the same Waste. Such were the Circumstances, joined to the scanty Population, and defective „ Agriculture of the Country at that Time, to which the great Extent of Waste Lands in the Kingdom are to be attributed: In Addition to which it may be observed, that in various Parts of the Kingdom, vast Tracts were appropriated to the Use of the Sovereign, under the general Name of Forests or Chases, for the Purpose of enabling him to enjoy the great Source of Amusement in those Days, the Diversion of Hunting and Hawking, without Molestation or Encroachment.

The Idea of having Lands in Common, it has been justly remarked, is to be derived from that barbarous State of Society J, when Men were Strangers to any higher Occupation than those of Hunters or Shepherds, or had only just tasted the Advantages to be reaped from the Cultivation of the Earth. But when

See, in particular, the Agricultural Account of IViUs, p, 15.

t Blackstone*s Commentaries, Vol. II. p. 90. — MarshaTs Rural Economy of Yorkshire. Vol. I, p. 48. — Remarks upon the History of the Landed and Commercial Policy of England, Vol. I. p. 133. — and the Elements of Commerce and Theory of Taxes, by Dean Tucker; a Work which the Author printed, and distributed among his Friends, but never published, though a most valuable Performance.

I It is remarked in the County Reports, that those who live in the Neighbourhood of great Wastes, are still an idle and lawless Set of People. Brecknock Report; p. 40 & 42. Radnor Report; p. 16. That such Commons are the frequent Resort of Thieves and other Depredators on the Public; Lincolnshire Report; p. 23.- — And are on that Account, but particularly near the Capital, a public Nuisance; Foote' % Middlesex, p. 30.

once

e

Vol. 51.

3 U

A. 1795.

258 23° Decembris.

Report mi the once such a Mode of Occupancy, however disadvan-Cultivation of tageous, is established by long Custom, it is extremely w aste Lands. tiifliC(1{t to bring about an Alteration, more especially if there are any Circumstances, which lead any Number of Individuals of the Society to imagine, that it is for their own private Interest to support the Existence of such a Custom, or if any Obstacles render the Means of altering that System, either troublesome or Expensive.

This leads me briefly to state the Objections which have been made to the Improvement of Waste Lands, and the Obstacles which have hitherto prevented their Cultivation.

if their Rights are preserved, or an ample Compensation given for them, if their Situation is in every Respect to be ameliorated, it is hoped that the Legislature will judge it proper and expedient, to take such Measures as may be the best calculated for bringing into Culture so large a Portion of its Territory, though it may not accord with tire Prejudices of any particular Description of Persons, whose Objections evidently originate from the Apprehension, rather than the Certainty of Injury, and who will consider it as the greatest Favour that can be conferred

O /

upon"them, when the Measure is thoroughly understood *.

In the first Place it has been urged, that the Improvement of Wastes, has a Tendency to depopulate the Country, by diminishing the Number of Cottagers, who reside in their Neighbourhood; and who, in a great Measure, exist, as it is supposed, by the miserable Profits derived from them. Such an Idea, however, is as little justified by Experience, as it is evidently contrary to Reason and common Sense. It is impossible to suppose that the Poor should be injured by that Circumstance, which secures to them a good Market for their Labour (in which the real Riches of a Cottager consists) which will furnish them with the Means of constant Employment, and by which the Fanner will be enabled to pay them better Wages than before. If a general Bill for the Improvement of Waste Lands were to be passed, every possible Attention to the Rights of the Commoners would necessarily be paid; and as Inclosures, it is to be hoped, will, in future be conducted on less expensive Principles than heretofore, the Poor evidently stand a better Chance than ever of having their full Share undirainished. Some Regulations also must be inserted in the Bill, to secure the Accommodations they may have Occasion for, by enlarging, where Circumstances will admit it, the Gardens annexed to their respective Cottages, giving them a decided Preference with respect to Locality over the larger Rights, throwing the Burthen of Ring Fences upon the larger Commoners, and allotting, where it is necessary, a certain Portion of the Common for the special Purpose of providing them wdth Fuel; and thus the smallest Proprietor will in one Respect be obviously benefited, for any Portion of Ground, however inconsiderable, planted with Furze or quick growing Wood, and dedicated to that Purpose solely, would, under proper Regulations, be as productive of Fuel, as Ten Times the Space where no Order or Regularity is observed. If by such Means the Interests of the Cottagers are properly attended to,

In the Second Place it is said, that Commons are an excellent Nursery for rearing young Cattle, and consequently ought to be preserved. No Idea, however, can possibly be more absurd. If any Person will take the Trouble of comparing the Stock on any Common, with those to be found in the neighbouring Inclosures, they will soon be satisfied of the contrary. That Commons are well calculated for stunting the Growth, or rather starving Animals of every Description, those who pasture their Stock upon them, have in general experienced. — Where the Right of Common is unlimited, as Dean Tucker justly observes, the Ground is so overstocked with Numbers, that no large sized or generous Animal can be bred upon it, and even where the Right is limited, Frauds may be committed, and the Stint is in general so large, that in unfavourable Seasons, the Commons, though under Limitation, are of little Use. In regard to feeding Lambs, Colts, or Calves, it is apprehended, that Grounds free from Disease, and Inclosures properly watered and sheltered, can afford Grass better and more plentiful, and rear them on the Whole to more Advantage, than wild barren Commons over-run with Heath, Furze, Fern, or Brush-Wood f.

The only remaining Objections, entitled to Consideration, are, the heavy Charges and other Difficulties attending the Division of Commons, and, even after they are divided, the Expence necessary for their Improvement, which does not always repay the Proprietor the Charges which it costs him.

These are, in fact, the only Obstacles, which prevent the Public from speedily receiving all the extensive and various Benefits which may be expected from the Cultivation of our Waste Lands; and, fortunately, these are Obstacles, which it is to be hoped will be speedily removed by the Exertions of the Board of Agriculture. In regard to the Expence and Difficulty attending the Division of Commons, which

The Advantages which not only the Public but the Cottagers derive, from the inclosing of Wastes, under a proper System, is happily

exemplified in one of the Reports laid before the Board, from which the following Particulars are extracted:

" The Commonable Land belonging to a Parish in Worcestershire, which is situated very near to Tewkesbury, in Gloucestershire, was " inclosed about Twenty-two Years ago; and there was an Allotment, containing Twenty-five Acres, set out for the Use of such of the " Poor as rented less than Ten Pounds a Year, to be stocked in Common. At that Time there were about Sixteen People on the Parish " Books, some of whom had Families. Previous to the Inclosure, there were some few Cottages that had Land let with them, to the " Amount of Six Pounds or Seven Pounds a Year each.. The Occupiers of these Cottages, with Land annexed to them, were remarkable " for bringing up their Families in a more neat and decent Manner than those whose Cottages were without Land, and it was this Circumstance which induced the Lord of the Manor (to whom almost the whole of the Parish belonged) to layout a Plot of Lands (besides " the Common before-mentioned) to other of the Cottages, and to add a small Building, sufficient to contain a Horse or a Cow, and likewise grafting Stocks to raise Orchards. In some Instances, small Sums of Money were lent to these Cottagers, for the Purchase of a " Cow, a Mare, or a Pig.

" The following good Effects have been the Consequence of this Proceeding. It has not, in One Instance, failed of giving an industrious Turn, even to some of those who were before idle and profligate. Their Attention in nursing up the young Trees has been so " much beyond what a Farmer, intent upon greater Objects, can or will bestow, that the Value of the Orchards is increased to Forty " Shillings per Acre, in Land which was of less than Half the Value in its former State. And the Poors Rates have, from this Cause " fallen to Four Pence in the Pound or less, there being only Two (and those very old) People on the Books at this Time, whilst the a adjoining Parishes are assessed from Two Shillings and Six Pence to Five Shillings in the Pound. These are Labourers and good " ones; their little Concerns are managed by their Wives and Children, with their own Assistance, after their Day's Work. Their Stock " consists of a Cow, a Yearling Heifer, or a Mare to breed (from which a Colt Half a Year old will fetch from 3/. to 5/.) a Sow and " 30 or 40 Geese. This, therefore, has been the Means of bringing a Supply of Poultry and Fruit to the Market, of increasing Population, and making Land produce double the Rent a Farmer can afford to give." Davis's Oxford Report, p. 34

Who would not wish to see every Waste m- the Kingdom improved on such Principles ? and how much will not the Situation of every Cottager be ameliorated, if such a System were to be adopted ?

t the Difference between the Size of Cattle and Sheep now, and in the Reign of Queen Anne* when Half the Stock of the Kingdom were fed on Commons, is hardly to be credited. In 1710,. the Cattle and Sheep sold at Smithfield Market, weighed, at an Average, aa follows: — Beeves 370/6. Calves 50/6. Sheep a8lb. Lambs 1.8 lb. Now it may be stated, Beeves 800 lb. Calves 14J8 /k. Sheep 80/6. and Lambs 50 lb. The Increase is principally, if not solely to be attributed to the Improvements which have been effected within these, last 60 Years, and the feeding of our young Stock in good inclosed Pastures, instead of Wastes and Commons.

09 are

|jy

36 Geo. III. 23° Decem. 259

are so great, that where the Common is small, the Expence of obtaining an Act, particularly if contested, would do more than improve the Land in question, there can be little Doubt, that the Legislature will remove every Obstacle of that Nature, when once the many important Advantages, to be derived from facilitating the Division of Wastes, are pointed out; and as to the Expence of Improvement, it is to be observed, that as the Proprietors of such Wastes will, in future, have their Share allotted to them at a very inconsiderable Expence, the Money they are able to lay out, instead of being exhausted in procuring a Division, will be expended on the Improvement of the Soil, and in many Cases will be sufficient for that Purpose. There will then be but little Risk of the Proprietor, wanting a sufficient Return for the Capital expended. Besides, when the Board of Agriculture shall have collected into one Focus, the Result of the Experience of the whole Kingdom, in regard to the best Mode of rendering Waste Lands productive, such Improvements will be no longer a Matter of Doubt, nor the Means of effecting them uncertain. The Proprietors of such Wastes will no longer be under the Necessity of discovering, by Means of expensive Experiments, the best Means of improving their Property, but they will at once be able to determine, how to render any Portion of the Waste allotted to them, productive and valuable.

At present, a Right of Common is seldom of much Advantage to those who enjoy it. From the West-moreland Report it appears, on the most unquestionable Authority, that the Liberty of keeping Ten Sheep, for a whole Year, may be hired for Six Pence, and as it is supposed to require Six Acres to maintain that Number of Sheep, the Rent of such Land, therefore, is only a Penny an Acre, and the Price of the Fee Simple of it, at Twenty-four Years Purchase, Two Shillings* §. In Wales, where the Commons are probably better. Four Pence per Head per , is

the Rate of keeping a Sheep on such Ground, and other Cattle in Proportion f. In many Parts of the Kingdom however, it would appear from several of the Reports transmitted to the Board, that many decline availing themselves of such a Privilege, finding that it does not, on a fair Calculation, pay even common Interest for the Capital employed The following Case puts, in the strongest Point of View, how that even a Loss may be sustained by Common-age. Let one Man, having a Right to do so for nothing, put a Cow of any Value upon the Generality Qf Commons, any Time in Spring, and let another give a Farmer 1 & 6d. a Week for the Keep of his Cow in an Inclosure, both being of the same Value when first turned out; if both are driven to Market at Michaelmas, the Difference of Price will do more than re-pay the Expence of the Keep, without making any Allowance for the additional Quantity of Mdk which the Cow, kept in an Inclosure, must yield §. In regard to Sheep, if they are of a valuable Sort, the Profit of hiring I.and, instead of putting them on a Common for nothing, is still greater ||. And the enormous Losses sustained by that Species of Stock, when the Rot, or any infectious Disorder gets into a neglected Flock, can hardly be calculated.

Can there then be stronger Arguments, in Favour of Report of the giving every possible Assistance and Facility to the Cultivation of Improvement of our Waste Lands, which at present are, Waste Lands, in many Cases, a real Loss to the Community, and ar Prejudice to those who might be supposed to derive some Benefit from them, but which, if improved, might add Millions to the National Wealth, and furnish the Means of Occupation and Subsistence to Millions of additional Subjects.

Sect. II. — On the Extent and Value of the Waste Lands in the Kingdom.

It would certainly have been extremely desirable, to have been able exactly to ascertain the Extent of Waste Land in the Kingdom: but that could not be effected, without an Expence to which the Funds of the Board were totally inadequate. It is a Subject, however, which may be well entitled to the Consideration of Parliament, Whether a Survey of them ought not to be made, either at the Public Expence, or at the Charge of those, to whom the Property of such Wastes principally belong ? In the Interim, the following rough Estimate of their Magnitude and Extent, partly founded on the Reports transmitted to the Board by its different Surveyors; partly on Calculations made from the County Maps, where they have distinguished the Waste from the cultivated Land; and partly where both these Sources of Information failed, from such other Means of calculating, as it was possible to have Access to; will give some Idea of the Extent of the Kingdom, and the Proportion of the waste and uninclosed, to the cultivated Part of it.

General View of the Extent of the Island of Great Britain, and the Proportion between the waste and uninclosed, and the cultivated Part thereof.

ACHES.

f Uncultivated. Cultivated. Total Extent.

England and Wales 7,888,777 39,027,156 46,915,933

Scotland 14,218,224 12,151,471 26,369,695

22,107,001 51,178,627 73,285,628

Uncultivate id - 22,107,001

Total - 73,285,628

The above Estimate will give some general Idea of the Magnitude of this great Source of future National Wealth. From it, there is too much Reason to believe, that no less a Quantity than Twenty-two Millions remains uninclosed and uncultivated. What a Difference would it not make in the State and Prosperity of this Island, were only One Half of those extensive Wastes, in the Words of One of the Reports^, " to wave with luxuriant Crops of Grain — be covered

Seethe Bishop of Llandaff's Preliminary Observations to> the Westmoreland Report, p. 8. The learned and respectable Prelate justly adds, " That whilst there is an Acre of such Waste improveable Land in Great Britain, it may be hoped, that when the Legislature shall " turn its Attention to the Subject, no Inhabitant of this Island, will be driven, by Distress, to seek a Subsistence in Africa or America"

t North Wales Survey, County of Flint, p. 3.

X See Devon Report, p. 52 and 53, Lincoln Report, p. 28. Baird's Middlesex, p. 23, and particularly Radnor Report, p. 25, and Wilts Report, p. 136.

§ By some it is asserted, that if a Cottager purchases a Cow in Spring, and keeps it upon a Common during the best Season of the Year, and afterwards sells it at Michaelmas, that the Difference of the Price runs away with all the Profit that could be got from tho Milk, &c. Even in stinted Pastures, which are likely to be the most profitable, the Advantages are very inconsiderable, and nothing in Comparison to those which the same Lands would produce under a proper System of Cultivation. A Cow turned on a Common may get her own Living for Three Months, which is as much as she will be able €0 do, without some Assistance from the Garden, Btan, &c. and such a.Cow, being obliged to beoix Foot all the Day, and perhaps at Night too, give* but a very scanty Meal when milked. Footes Middlesex.

|| See Leinster Report, p. 57. f Westmoreland Survey, p. 53.

Vol. 51. " with

260 23° Decembris. A. 1795.

Report on the " with innumerable Herds and Flocks, or cloathed Cultivation Of with state]y Timber*!"

38 ' Of the Value of these Wastes, were they improved

in the Manner of which they are capable, it is difficult to form any adequate Idea. At the same Time it may be of Service to submit some Data, as the Basis of future Calculation. On the Supposition therefore, that there are Twenty-two Millions of Acres of Waste and uninclosed Lands in the Kingdom, the Whole may be divided, according to the various Qualities of the Soil , and Surface, in the following Manner:

N# of Acres.

Lands incapable of all Improvement - i ,000,000

Lands fit to be planted ... 3,000,000

Lands fit for Upland Pasture - - 14,000,000

Lands fit for Tillage ..... 3,000,000

Lands capable of being converted into Meadow, or Water Meadow - - 1,000,000

Total - - - 22,000,000

The Million of Acres, stated as being incapable of Cultivation, must be estimated as of no Annual Value.

The Three Millions of Acres, supposed to be fit for Plantation, according to the ingenious Calculation of the Bishop of Llandaff', may be worth Eight Shillings Acre, or, in all 1,200,000l. Annum f. This however, is the Value of the Annual Produce, and not Rent.

The Fourteen Millions of Acres of U pland Pasture, when improved, cannot be calculated at less than 5 s. per Acre of Rent, or 3,500,000l. per Annum.

The Three Millions of Acres, supposed to be convertible into Arable Land, would certainly, when inclosed, be worth, at an Average, io$. per Acre, or 1,500,000l. per Annum.

The Million of Acres, supposed to be converted into Meadow, or Water Meadow, cannot be calculated at less than 1/. 10 s.perAcre, or 1,500,000l. in all.

The Account may then be thus stated:

Rent of the Upland Pasture - - £. 3,500,000

Rent of the Arable Land - - - 1,500,000

Rent of the Meadows - - - 1,500,000

6,500,000

This must be multiplied by 3, in order tol

give the Annual Produce -/ '

19,500,000

Add the Annual Produce of the Three Millions of Acres, supposed to be planted, amounting to ----- 1,200,000

Total - - - £.20,700,000

It has been already stated, that in many Instances Waste Lands and Commons are let even for Acre; and in others, that Persons do not think it worth their while to avail themselves of the Privilege of sending Stock to pasture on them; and that it is a Right often attended with Loss, instead of Benefit. At the same Time these Wastes must produce something. Having calculated, however, the impfoved Produce under 20$. per Acre, it is impossible to estimate the present Value at above One Tenth of that Sum, or 2 s.per Acre, as the Average of the whole Kingdom.

This amounting in all to 2,100,000l. for Twenty-one Millions of Acres, it is probably as high as that Produce is really worth, more especially collected as it is from extensive and uncultivated Wastes, under every possible Disadvantage.

These Calculations, however imperfect, will, it is hoped, furnish the Board with some Idea of the Magnitude of this Object in a National Point of View; and when to that is to be added, the great Advantages to be derived from the Improvement of Land, at present under a defective System of Cultivation, it is difficult to hazard the naming of any Sum, for the total additional Income, which the People of this Island may derive from agricultural Improvements, without being suspected of Exaggeration, at least by those who, unaccustomed to trace the Effects of Industry and Exertion, except in small Districts, cannot at once enter into the Spirit and Justness of Calculations, which include in them all the possible Improvements of which an extensive Kingdom is capable.

It certainly, however, would be in the highest Degree imprudent, to act as if the Resources above stated were already in our Possession, or immediately within our Reach. Such an Addition to the Annual Income of the People, as the Sum above hinted at, to be obtained even from our Wastes alone, cannot be secured without great Industry, considerable Exertion, some Time, and much Expence £. It is, at the same Time some Consolation, to have the Prospect of such an Addition to the National Capital and Income opened to our View, as in Process of Time, it must necessarily tend to alleviate the Burthen of those Debts and Taxes, to which this Country is already, or may in future be subject.

Sect. III. — Of the different Sorts of Rights of Common, known to, or acknowledged by the Laws of England.

It seems unnecessary to enter much at length, into a Definition of the different Rights of Common, at present known to, or acknowledged by the Laws of England; because 1 trust and hope, that by a Division of all Wastes and Commons, every Right of that

There is a Circumstance also, of which it may not be improper to take Notice in this Place. The Waste Lands above enumerated are not only uncultivated themselves, but they have a Tendency to make the Farmers in the Neighbourhood neglect the Improvement of the Lands they enjoy in Severalty (a). The Dung of the Stock kept on the Waste, unless where the system of sheep-folding is adopted, is evidently lost; and when once a Person learns to become careless of one Article, the same Spirit of Inattention soon spreads to others of perhaps greater Importance: And se infinitely superior does Land appear, when cultivated even in the most slovenly Manner, compared to the adjoining Waste or Common, that there is but little Call for Exertion. After making such a Comparison, the Husbandman is too apt to sit down completely satisfied with the wonderful Progress he has already made, though he has reached, perhaps, only the first Stage of Improvement. Besides, there is here every Encouragement to Idleness. A Farmer, thus situated, naturally depends upon the imaginary Profits to be derived from the adjoining Commons, for the Summer Sustenance of his Stock, an Advantage which he enjoys gratis, and thence he flatters himself that he can subsist without the Drudgery of hard Labour, to which the proper Cultivation of his Farm would unavoidably subject him. Such Circumstances as these, operating in a greater or lesser Degree along the Margins of all our Wastes, and affecting the Cultivation of the inclosed Land in their Neighbourhood, must, on the Whole, be productive of very considerable National Loss.

t See Preliminary Observations to the Survey of Westmoreland, p. 10. The Bishop calculates, that a barren Estate, consisting of 1,000 Acres, though placed in a high and bleak Situation, may be improved by Plantation, from 4 3s. 4 to 400l. per Annum, or 8

Acre, reckoning the Value of a Reversion as a present Certainty, and stating the Interest of Money only at 41- V*1' Cent. In other Places, however, more favourable to the Growth of Trees, the Profit is estimated much higher. In the Hampshire Report in particular, p. 30, it Is stated by Two veiy experienced Nurserymen, that even poor Land, when planted, will produce per Acre, at the End of Years, at least 1001, of Value in Timber and Firewood. — In Scotland, Dr. Robertson states the Profit at 6s. per Acre; Perth Report, p. 107. The Bishop seems to have hit on a just and proper Medium, applicable as an Average to the whole Kingdom.

t The Expence of improving these Wastes must be considerable, but at the same Time does not properly come within the Purview of this Address, as that Expence is defrayed, not by the Public, but by Individuals, who dedicate their Labour and Capital to that Obiept. As well might we deduct, in estimating the Value of Foreign Commerce, the Expence of the Ships, Provisions, &c. and even of the Fleets necessary for its Protection.

(a) Brecon Rep. p. 39-

Description

36 Geo. III. 23° Decem 261

Description will be extinguished. At the same Time it may not be improper shortly to state the Nature of such a Right in general, and the various Distinctions of which it has been found susceptible.

A Right of Common is, in general, understood to he, " a Profit which one Person hath in another's " Land, without having any Property in the Soil." It is an incorporeal Right originating in some real or supposed Agreement between Lords and Tenants, incident to some Tenure for valuable Purposes, or founded on long Possession.

This Right of Common is divided according to the subject Matter:

1. Into Common of Pasture; which is a Right of taking the Produce of Land by the Mouths of the Cattle.

2. Common of Turbary; or the Right of cutting Turves (Turf) for Fuel.

3. Common of Estovers; or the Right of cutting Wood, for Fuel, for the Repairs of the House, Implements of Husbandry, for making Fences. And,

4. Common of Piscary; or the Liberty of fishing in another's Water — The Consideration of this last seems to be foreign to the Object of our present Inquiries*.

The material Variation between the different Rights above stated, consists in the subject Matter — Common of Pasture, being a Right of feeding on the Verdure and Herbage of the Soil; but, Common of Turbary, conveys a Right of carrying away the very Soil, or the Produce of the Soil itself: In other Respects they resemble each other; so that it seems necessary to be particular only in illustrating the Right of Common of Pasture.

Common of Pasture is divided, technically, as follows:

1. Common Appendant.

2. Common Appurtenant.

3. Common in Gross. And,

4. Common because of Vicinage.

Common Appendant is incident of Common Right

to all who hold Land, Parcel of a Manor, and is a Right to depasture their Commonable Cattle (such as Horses, Oxen, Cows, and Sheep) which are necessary either for the Cultivation or Manurance of their Lands, and levant and couchant thereon, upon the Wastes of the Manor.

It must have had its Origin before Time of legal Memory, for at this Day no such Right can be created: As where the Lord of a Manor, before the Statute of Quia Emptores, enfeoffed another of Lands, Parcel of the Manor, the Feoffee became entitled to Common, for his Commonable Cattle, levant and couchant on the Lands granted, within the Wastes of the Lord, as incident to the Feoffment.

The Soil of the Land, subject to this Species of Right, is in the Lord of the Manor; and thus the Lord and his Tenant have a mixt Enjoyment of the Property; and it is laid down to have originally belonged to Arable Land only, though now it may be claimed as belonging to Meadow or Pasture.

Common Appurtenant, is a Right belonging and appertaining to Land, but not incident to any Tenure. It must have its Commencement by Grant, and therefore may be erected at this Day. As where a Man sells Land to another, and grants therewith a Right of Common over certain of the Seller's Lands, this Right shall be held as appurtenant to the Land sold.

- From the Nature of its Origin it may extend to every Species of Cattle, such as Swine, and also to Geese. It may be limited to a certain Number of Cattle; or it may extend to all Cattle sans Nombre: But it is appre-

hended, that such a Right cannot be extended beyond that Number which the Land to which the Common is appurtenant can maintain throughout the Year; or, in other Words, they must be levant and couchant thereon.

Common in Gross, is where Common Appurtenant to Lands has been alienated, and is held separate from the Lands to which the Common was appurtenant, and differs not from Common Appurtenant in any other Particular, than by what necessarily attends such Dis-annexation; viz. in its descendible Quality through the same invariable Line of Descent from Ancestor to Heir, and not as an Accessary to Land. And from hence arises the Distinction in the Mode of claiming Common Appurtenant or in Gross; the former Claimant stating his Title to arise from an immemorial Usage by all antecedent Owners and Tenants of the Land to which the Common is appurtenant; and the latter claiming an Usage by himself and his Ancestors for Time immemorial.

Common because of Vicinage, is not properly a Right, but is merely an Excuse for a Trespass; and is where Two or more Towns have Common in the Fields within their Townships, which are open to the Fields of the neighbouring Townships. The Cattle put to use their Common have been immemorially used to escape into the Fields of the neighbouring Towns, and therefore by Inclosure of the Fields of One or more Townships, the Common because of Vicinage may be extinguished.

All these Species of Rights of Common, except where a particular Grant can be shewn, must be prescribed for and proved by long and immemorial Usage, and uninterupted Enjoyment, and the mode of Enjoyment must point out the Nature of the Prescription; for they must agree with each other: As, if the Common has been used for other than Commonable Cattle^ the Claim must be of Common Appurtenant, and so of the rest.

Whatever Difficulties may occur in considering' these different Rights, they evidently have arisen from the Necessity of holding out an Inducement to the Cultivators of Land in ancient Times, before the Use of artificial Pastures was known, to continue their Land in an Arable State, by annexing to such Land a Sufficiency of Common for the Support of their Cattle. For this Purpose, the Policy of the Common Law annexed this Right to all Grants of Lands by a Lord of a Manor, as incident to such Grant; and the same Policy might have prevailed in the Grants of private Persons, as the most effectual Security for the Payment of the reserved Rent, and due Cultivation of their Lands.

The only other Distinction which it seems necessary to take Notice of, is, where the Right of Common is either stinted, or where it is unlimited. In the one Case, the Right only extends to the Power of putting certain Numbers of Horses and other Commonable Cattle, at certain fixed Times of the Year, into such Common Pasture, under the Denomination of Cattle Gaits; every Cow or Ox being held equal to One Cattle Gait, every Five Sheep to One Cattle Gait, and every Horse to One Cattle Gait and a Half; the Proportion however, sometimes varying according to the ancient Usages of particular Districts. In many of these stinted Commons the Commoners are Owners of the Soil, which distinguishes their Rights materially from those above mentioned.

The foregoing Distinctions appear to be all that are necessary for the Purpose of elucidating the Nature of the several Rights of Common, now existing in the Southern Part of the United Kingdom; and, aided by the general History of the Country, they lead to this probable Conclusion, That those Rights could

In some Parts of England also there is a Common of Fowling, or a Privilege of killing wild Fowl; and a Right of Falcage, by which is meant the Right of cutting Hay in a Common Meadow, according to the Custom of the Manor.

Vol. 51.

3X

only

Report on tf:<r Cultivation of Waste Lands*

Report on the Cultivation of Waste Lands.

262 23° Decembris. A. 1795.

only have arisen in the Infancy of Agriculture, and of the Arts therewith connected, which might render the Existence of such Rights necessary. But whatever Circumstances might have occasioned such Tracts of valuable Territory to remain unoccupied and in Common, at a Time when Land from Want of Population and Skill was little in Demand; yet in this Age of extended Population, of increased \Vealth, and of diffused Knowledge in Agriculture and its attendant Arts, any Intermixture of Property in the same Land, as being a great, and in many Cases an unsurmountable Bar to all Improvement, is an Evil of such Magnitude, that to a Legislature, distinguished for its Attention to promote the Public Interest, it need only be pointed out, in order to have it remedied.

Sect. IV. — Of the Laws now in being for the Division of Commons; and the Alterations which might be made therein, for the Purpose of facilitating such Division.

It may not be improper, previous to submitting any new Regulations for facilitating the Division of Commons, in the first Place to inquire into the Nature of any Proceedings for that Purpose that already exist, whether founded on Common or Statute Ltiw, or in Equity; since it would be extremely desirable, that any Alteration which might be thought necessary, should be as nearly accordant to the Laws in being as possible, varying perhaps in the Mode, yet agreeing in Principle, so as to be the more easily and effectually carried into Execution.

In regard to the Common Law, it appears that Writs of Partition and Admeasurement, lor the Division of Property, have existed at Common Law from Time of earliest Memory and Record; and such were the Ideas which at all Times were entertained of the Advantages to be derived by the Public from the Enjoyment of Property in Severalty, that there have been Cases, where such Proceedings have taken place in very ancient Periods, and inclosures made and supported in a Manner the most favourable to promote such Partitions, Divisions, and Inclosures* *.

Of the Statutes which have passed in Aid of the Common Law there are only Two which require to be particularly noticed. The First is the Statute of Mcrton\, which, according to Coke, was only an Affirmance of the Common Law. By this Statute, such Lords of Manors as reserved sufficient Pasture to their Tenants, were empowered to improve the Residue. By another Act'];, all Doubts were removed whether the Lord of a Waste could approve (give Evidence of the Sufficiency of Common, for such as were entitled thereto, that the Remainder might be inclosed and cultivated) against his Neighbours as ivell as Tenants. These are the only Statutes which have any important Reference to the Subject in Question. It is hardly necessary to remark, how insufficient they were, for bringing any considerable Portion of Waste Lands into a State of Cultivation. It was seldom that any Common was sufficiently extensive to afford a Surplus of any Moment, after the Claims of those who had Right of Common on it was satisfied. It was hardly possible indeed, in many Cases, to ascertain, what was a Sufficiency of Pasture; and where a Common of Turbary or Estovers existed, the Lord could not improve any Part of that Waste. The more opulent and powerful also the Commoners of the Kingdom grew, the more Opposition they made, and the greater

Difficulty there was foufid in carrying on this Proceeding; inso much, that in modern Times there is scarce an Instance of an Approvement, as it is technically called, having taken place.

Besides these Proceedings, founded on the Common and Statute Law, various Determinations appear heretofore to have been made in the Court of Chancery. But from the Difficulties and Expence attending such Proceedings they have been long disused; and no other general Means of obtaining a Division of Commons having been sanctioned by Law, the Parties have been compelled, where an unanimous Consent could not be procured, and the Common divided by Arbitration, to apply to the Legislature for special Acts, in order to divide, and to put into a State of Severalty, Lands that otherwise would have remained waste, common, and uncultivated.

It is surely unnecessary for me to trouble the Board with any Observation on the insurmountable Bars which must lie in the Way of improving by far the greater Proportion of such Wastes as remain in Common, if some less troublesome and less expensive Mode of procuring a Division is not established. The Practice of applying to Parliament is already decreasing, and must soon come to a Stand, in consequence of the heavy Charges attending such a Mode of Proceeding, winch arc particularly severe when the Common is of small Extent. Many Difficulties also arise in obtaining Consents adequate to the Rule at present laid down by Parliament, in consequence of the Obstinacy and Perverseness of those, who by the Number of their Votes can defeat such a Bill in the Outset, though probably they arc but little interested in the ultimate Division. Other Objections also to this Mode of dividing Commons may be adduced: The Time of the Legislature, it may be observed, may thus be taken up, and diverted from Objects of more general Importance than the Division of any particular Common can possibly be. The Expence of employing Solicitors in Town; of sending Agents and Witnesses from the Country; the Charge of Counsel, if any Dispute arises; and the Fees on passing of the Bill; all these, when joined together, furnish such a Prospect of Uncertainty, Difficulty, and Expence, as must soon put an End to all Hopes of any further Improvement of our Wastes, at least to any great Amount, unless some Means are speedily adopted for the Purpose of facilitating their Division.

There are certain leading Principles, however, on which any Alteration in the System of dividing Commons ought to be founded; and these I shall endeavour shortly to explain.

1. It occurs to me as a Matter particularly desirable, to encourage the Division of Commons by the Parties themselves interested therein; and if they choose to nominate Commissioners, that such Commissioners shall be authorized, under the Provisions of the Act, to proceed to the Appropriation or Allotment of the Land in question; and that no legal Disability, if the Parties are willing, shall stand in the Way of such Division.

2. If the Parties are not all willing to consent to the Division, that any Two or more of them may apply to the Sheriff, the Grand Jury, the Quarter Sessions, the Judge of Assize, or the Court of Chancery (for all these various Descriptions of Persons have been mentioned; and which ought to be preferred, Parliament alone can determine) either for a Jury, or for the Appointment of Commissioners, with Powers similar to those in common Bills of Inclosure, to have their

T

In the Paper written by John Robinson, Esquire, on Waste Lands and Commons (printed by Order of the Board) from fol. 8, to fol. 18, both inclusive, may be found a full and accurate Statement of the Decisions of the Courts, founded on the Principles of the Common Law.

f 3 Stat, Merton, to Wen. III. Cap. 4. f Stat. West. 2. 13 Edw. I. Cap. 4. 6.

Share

36 Geo. III. 23° Decembris.

Share allotted, upon being at the whole Expence of the Division, reserving a Claim against the other Parties interested, for a proportionable Share of the Expence, when their Allotments are taken up, on the same Principles as in the Case of Party Walls. And here it may he proper to observe, as a fair and equitable Principle, that if Two or more Persons interested in a Common, are willing to improve it for their own and the general Benefit, it is hard on Individuals, and impolitic in regard to the Public, if any Set of Men should have it in their Power to prevent them. Persons having a Right of Common, are in effect, though not in Law, like Parceners or Joint Tenants (any one of whom can legally enforce a Division of the Property they hold in Common); and if those who do not wish for a Division of the Waste, are not compelled to inclose and improve the Portion reserved for them (which, however, they will soon find it their Interest to do) nor to be at any Expence until they take up their Allotments; in that Case, it does not occur how they can have any just Cause for Complaint, because others are permitted to cultivate their Share of the Land in question.

3. Where Parishes in different Counties intercom-mon, that the Application be made to the Court of Chancery, to appoint Commissioners for the Purpose of dividing the same into parochial Commons, on the Petition of any one of the Parishes interested therein.

4. Lastly, many Complaints having been made of the Rismissness with which the Commissioners sometimes proceed, and the exorbitant Charges which they sometimes make, or Expences which they occasion, that Provision be made in the Bill, for the Purpose of preventing such' Proceedings, or of furnishing the Parties injured with the Means of Redress.

Such are the general Outlines of the Plan, which I beg Leave to recommend to the Attention of the Board; in the Formation of which, Two great Objects have been kept in View, namely,

1. "That all the Proceedings connected with the "Division (unless where the Common is situated in " different Counties, in which Case the Court of Chancery must be applied to) shall take place near to the " Spot where the Common lies: And, idly, That the " Form of Proceedings should be attended with as " little Trouble and Expence as possible."

I am ready to acknowledge, that no Plan can be formed at once, on so vast and comprehensive a Subject, that may not be liable to some Objections; but as the Cultivation and Improvement of so great a Portion of the Territory of the Public is at slake, I trust that the Measures above proposed, with such Alterations and Improvements as may render them as little exceptionable as possible, will be adopted, that the Division of Commons may no longer be attended with any important Difficulty; any Inconveniencies attending the Measures suggested, as they are discovered in Practice, may be amended by future Regulation; and ultimately the great Object will be attained, that of giving every legal Facility to the Exertions of those who are desirous of augmenting the Industry, the Produce, and the Cultivation of their Country.

Sect. V. — On the Law and Practice of North Britain, in regard to the Division of Commons, and the Alterations which might be made therein.

If any Person entertains an Idea that a general Inclosing Bill is an impracticable Measure, his Doubts will probably be removed, when he is informed that such an Act was passed about a Century ago in Scotland, and has been found to answer the Purpose thereby intended. As that Act is distinguished by its Vol. 51.

Simplicity and Conciseness, it may not be improper to give it a Place in this Address.

" Act concerning the dividing of Commonties, " passed in the Parliament of Scotland, 17th " 1695.

" Our Sovereign Lord, with Advice and Consent " of the Estates of Parliament, for preventing the " Discords that arise about Commonties, and for the " more easie and expedit deciding thereof, in Time " coming, statutes and ordains, That all Commonties, " excepting the Commonties belonging to the King " and Royal Burrow s in Burgage, may be divided at " the Instance of any having Interest, by Summons " raised against all Persons concerned before the Lords " of Session, who are hereby impowered to discuss " the Relevancy; and to determine upon the Rights " and Interests of all Parties concerned, and to value " and divide the same, according to the Value of the« " Rights and Interests of the several Parties concerned; and to grant Commissions to Sheriffs, " Stewarts, Baillies of Regalitie and their Deputies, " or Justices of Peace, or others, for perambulating " and taking all other necessary Probation, which " Commissions shall be reported to the said Lords, " and the said Processes ultimately determined by " them; and where Mosses shall happen to be in the " said Commonties, with Power to the said Lords to " divide the said Mosses amongst the several Parties " having Interest therein in Manner foresaid; or in " case it be instructed to the said Lords, that the said " Mosses cannot be conveniently divided. His Majesty, " with Consent foresaid, statutes and declares, that the " said Mosses shall remain Common, with free Ish and " Entry thereto, whether divided or not; declaring " also, that the Interest of the Heretors, having Right " in the said Commonties, shall be estimat according " to the Valuation of their respective Lands or Properties, and which Divisions are appointed to be " made of that Part of the Commonty that is next " adjacent to each Here for's Property."

From this Act it appears, how simple the Regulations are, which a Century ago, were thought sufficient in a Part of the Kingdom not distinguished for the Scarcity of its Wastes; and under the Provisions of that Act many extensive Commons have been divided, in a Manner that has given Satisfaction to the Parties interested therein. By this Law, it is proper to observe, that a Division may be procured at the Instance of any one having Interest: But the Expence of obtaining that Division, though instituted at the Suit of one, is defrayed by the whole Parties concerned, in proportion to their respective Shares.

However excellent this Law is justly accounted, and however useful it has proved, yet there are Two Alterations in it, which misht render it still more effectual than at present. — The First is, that of taking away the Exception ingrossed in the Statute, by which no Common can be divided in which either the Crown or any Royal Borough is interested. For this Exception no good Reason can be assigned, and it probably originated from a Jealousy, which might naturally occur at the Formation of a new System; but which the Experience of almost a Century ought before this Time to have totally removed. — The Second Alteration might be adopted with great Advantage from the Practice of England By the Scotch Act, the Court of

Session is empowered to grant Commissions to Sheriffs, Justices of Peace, or others, for perambulating and taking all other necessary Probation, or, in other Words, ascertaining the Extent of the Common, &c. and the Result of the Investigation is directed to be reported to the Court of Session to be finally determined on by them. Questions however respecting the Rights of Parties, &c. are heard before the Court of Session alone. Where the Common is of great Extent,

Report on the Cultivation of Waste Lands.

264 23° Decembris.A. 1795.

Report on the this is attended with great Expence and much Delay. Cultivation of The Number of Questions which may arise is more Waste Land*, than a Court of Law, having a great Load of other Business to go through, can always attend to It would be infinitely better, therefore, were either the Sheriff of the County, or the Court of Session, to nominate Commissioners, not less than Three or more than Five, who shall be intrusted with the same extensive Powers which are given to the Commissioners in England, when appointed by private Acts of Parliament. They ought not only to have the Power of nominating Surveyors, &c. but all Questions arising in Course of the Proceeding ought, in the first Instance, to be heard before, and decided by them. After they have given their Award, it may then be brought under the Cognizance either of the Sheriff or of the Court of Session with Effect; and all Parties conceiving themselves injured may then have an Opportunity of complaining, and of having their Case fairly considered, more especially if there be any room to suspect either Falsehood or Corruption in the Commissioners. Every one must see how much easier it is to determine any litigated Point, after it has been once decided upon, than if it had never received any former Judgment. The Parties would in many Cases probably acquiesce in the Decision of the Commissioners, and at any Rate, the great Object would be attained of having the Business effectually done, and the Common speedily divided, every Delay in which must be attended with considerable Loss both to the Parties interested and to the Public.

It is impossible on this Occasion not to remark the very essential Benefits which may often be obtained, by comparing the Codes of England and Scotland, and ascertaining the Advantages of which they arc respectively possessed. It may often happen, that the combining the Principles of the Two Codes may be as useful to the Laws as an Union of the Two Legislatures has proved advantageous to the Strength, the Security, and the Happiness of both Kingdoms; and there cannot be a Doubt that it would at least be desirable to establish the same System of agricultural Legislation and Police over the whole Island.

CONCLUSION.

On the Advantages to be derived, both by Individuals and the Public, from the Division and Improvement of the Waste and Commons in the Kingdom.

Whoever has taken the Trouble of perusing the preceding Observations, will not be surprized to find, that in the Reports transmitted to the Board by its different Surveyors, the passing of a General Inclosing Bill should he uniformly mentioned as the first and most essential Means of promoting the general Improvement of the Country; and the Importance of that Measure has not as yet, perhaps, been so distinctly stated as it deserves. In general, those who make any Observations on the Improvement of Land, reckon alone on the Advantages which the Landlord reaps from an increased Income; whereas, in a National Point of View, it is not the Addition to the Rent, but to the Produce of the Country, that is to be taken into Consideration. It is for Want of attending to this important Distinction, that People are so insensible of the wonderful Prosperity that must be the certain Result of domestic Improvement. — They look at the Rental merely, which, like the Hide, is of little Value, compared to the Carcass that was inclosed in it. Besides, the Produce is not the only Circumstance to be considered — that Produce, by the Art of the

Manufacturer, may be made infinitely more valuable than it originally was. For instance: If Great,

by improving its Wool, either in respect to Quantity or Quality, could add a Million to the Rent Rolls of the Proprietors of the Country, that, according to the common Ideas upon the Subject, is all the Advantage that would be derived from the Improvement; but that is far from being all — the additional Income to the Landlord could only arise from at least Tw ice the additional Produce to the Farmer; consequently the Total Value of the Wool could not be estimated at less than Two Millions; and as the Manufacturer by his Art would treble the Value of the raw Material, the Nation would be ultimately benefited in the Amount of Six Millions per Annum. It is thus that internal Improvements are so infinitely superior, in point of solid Profit, to that which Foreign Commerce produces. In the one Case, Lists of numerous Vessels loaded with Foreign Commodities, and the splendid Accounts transmitted from the Custom House, dazzle and perplex the Understanding; whereas, in the other Case, the Operation goes on slowly but surely. The Nation finds itself rich and happy; and too often attributes that Wealth and Prosperity to Foreign Commerce and distant Possessions, which properly ought to be placed to the Account of internal Industry and Exertion. It is not meant by these Observations to go the Length that some might contend for; namely, to give any Check to Foreign Commerce, from which so much Public Benefit is derived, but it surely is desirable that internal Improvement should at least be considered as an Object fully as much entitled to Attention, as distant Speculations, and when they come into Competition evidently to be preferred.

There are some, however, who, although they are ready to acknowledge that the Improvement of the Soil is the best Source of National Wealth, yet have formed an Idea, that very little of the extensive Wastes in the Island are w orth the cultivating, who are too apt to imagine that the Climate in which they are situated is hostile to Improvement; and were it better, that the Nature and Quality of the Soil are obstacles not to be surmounted.

In regard to the Climate of such Wastes, it is evidently worse in consequence of the Want of Cultivation. — At the same Time, from the insular Situation of Great Britain, the Climate is infinitely milder and better than in any Part of the Continent of the same Latitude. It is stated in one of the Reports, on the most respectable Authority *, that very fine Barley and Oats ripen in due Season, on the Summit of a Hill in Forfarshire, elevated 700 Feet above the Level of the Sea; and that in Invcrnesshire, at an Elevation of goo Feet above the same Level, Wheat of a good Quality has been grow n. — Hence it may be inferred, that Grain, and other Articles of a similar Nature, may be raised to such a Height upon the Sides and Summits of all the Hills in the Island; and, in regard to Grass, it is well known that luxuriant Crops of Hay are obtained at the Lead Hills in Lanarkshire, elevated 1,500 Feet above the Sea. The Climate of this Country, therefore, can hardly be urged as an Objection to the Improvement of the greater Part of our Wastes, either for Grain or Grass; as to Trees, it is not to be questioned, that the Larch grows in Italy on higher Mountains than any we have in this Island f.

In regard to the Soil, though the greater Part of the Wastes, having never received any Advantage from the Labour of Man, are at present of little Value, yet the Portion is not very considerable that ought to be accounted totally barren and unprofitable,

See Preliminary Observations to the Report of Forjhrthirt, by George Dempster, Esquire; p. 6. t See Westmoreland Report, Preliminary Observations, p. 9.

or

36 Geo. III.

S30 Decem

265

or incapable of yielding some useful and valuable Production: One-22dof the Whole, or One Million of Acres, is certainly an adequate Allowance.

This leads me shortly to state the various Purposes to which the Remainder of such Wastes may be appropriated.

1. The higher situated and the most sterile Parts ought undoubtedly to be devoted to Plantations — There is scarcely any Spot, however rocky, or any Soil, however Unproductive, that will not yield valuable Timber — an Article which at present we are under the Necessity of importing, at a great Expence, from Foreign Countries. At first Sight it may seem surprizing, that a Spot that would not produce a single Blade of Corn will yet support the stately Pine, or the spreading Oak. But Trees draw their Nourishment from Sources beyond the Reach of smaller vegclable Productions, and by their Leaves are also supposed to derive additional Sustenance from the Air that surrounds them, or the Water they imbibe. By Plantations also, even barren Spots may in Process of Time be rendered fertile. The poorest Soils, if covered with Wood, from the Leaves which fall, and the Shelter they receive, improve every Year in Fertility, and when the Trees are ready for the Axe, become, in Process of Time, fit for Cultivation.

2. Many of the higher Wastes in the Island might easily be rendered perfectly dry, and soon converted into excellent Upland Pasture. There that valuable Article, fine clothing Wool, might be grown in Perfection. The loftier the Situation, and the shorter the Herbage, the more valuable it would be; and the Price which the Article bears, joined to the Profit of the Carcass on which it grew, would amply compensate for all the Expence of the Improvement.

3. A much greater Proportion of the Wastes of this Country than is commonly imagined might be employed in Tillage. — The Surface may appear barren and unproductive, but Stratums may be found below, which, if incorporated with the Soil above, may render it sufficienty fertile. This is a Practice in Husbandry, which has not yet been carried, in any Degree, to the Extent of which it is capable. It is an Art pretty much in its Infancy, which when brought to Perfection must be productive of the most important Consequences. As such, it will naturally call for the particular Attention of the Board of Agriculture, to ascertain the Principles on which it can best be conducted *.

4. A considerable Proportion of the Wastes of Great Britain consists of Land of a wet and boggy Nature, which it has been yet supposed was the most difficult to improve and cultivate. Fortunately, however, Discoveries have been made in the Art of draining such Bogs by Mr. Joseph Elkington, a Farmer of the County of Warwick, as renders the Improvement of swampy

Land a Matter of much less Difficulty or Expence than formerly. It is only necessary to add under this Head, that Mr. Elkington has communicated his System

Waste Land!

of Draining to those Members of the Board who were

appointed to meet with him upon the Subject, — that he has undertaken to teach such Persons as may be appointed by the Board for that Purpose; and that there is Reason to imagine, that the Practice of his useful Art will be extended, in the Course of the ensuing Summer, from one End of the Island to the other. — Bogs drained on Mr. Elkingtons Principles soon become of very great

Value as Meadows, and in many Cases may be converted into Arable Land.

Lastly, at least a Million of Acres of the Waste Lands in the Kingdom may certainly be brought to an astonishing Height of Produce by Watering' or Irrigation. — This great Means of Improvement, though long

established in some Parts of the Kingdom, yet in others Report on tli< has been unaccountably neglected. But when once tylm-atnm m that Art is extended as it deserves, the Advantages thence to be derived cannot easily be calculated, — lot by it Land is not only rendered perpetually fertile without Manure, but the luxuriant Crops which it raises, produces Manure for enriching other Fields; and the Manure obtained from that Produce, is another Source of National Wealth, that could not otherwise be looked for.

Thus there is every Reason to believe, that the Wastes of this Kingdom, if planted — or appropriated for Pasture Lands — or cultivated for the Production of Grain — or converted into Meadow — or improved by Means of Irrigation; must necessarily be the Source of infinite Wealth and Benefit to this Country.

And if there is a Possibility of improving our Wastes, the Means for that Purpose are more abundantly in our Power, than perhaps in that of any other Country in the Universe. Without entering much at length into so wide a Field, it may be sufficient to remark, that there is none with such a Capital capable of being devoted to so useful and profitable an Object;

— none where such a Spirit of Exertion exists, were all Obstacles to the Improvement of our Wastes removed;

— none where there is such a Mass of Knowledge bn agricultural Subjects; — none where such Abundance of Manures are to be found, particularly those of a fossil and mineral Nature, without the Aid of which it would be impossible to bring great Quantities of Waste Lands rapidly into Cultivation; — and lastly, none, where by Means of a Series of excellent Roads, and Canals every where rapidly extending, such Manures can be so easily and cheaply conveyed to the Lands they are calculated to fertilize. These are Advantages for improving Wastes which no other Country enjoys in equal Perfection, and which would soon be the Means of Cultivation of a very large Proportion indeed of our at present useless Territory, if full Scope were given to the Industry and' Exertions of the People. — Nor ought the Wealth to be derived from the Improvement of our Wastes to be alone taken into Consideration. The Increase of Population, and above all, of that Description of Persons w ho . are justly acknowledged to be the most valuable Subjects that any Government can boast of, merits to be particularly mentioned. His Mind must indeed be callous who feels himself uninterested in Measures, by which not only the barren Waste is made to smile, but of which the Object is to fill the Desart with a hardy, laborious, and respectable Race of Inhabitants, the real Strength of a Country; being the fruitful Nursery, not only of our Husbandmen, but also of the Fleets, the Armies, and the Artists of the Nation.

The additional Number of Inhabitants who might thus receive Occupation and Subsistence cannot easily be ascertained; but if the present Population of Great Britain amounts to about Ten Millions, these Wastes and Commons, properly improved, might be the Means of adding, at least, from Two to Three Millions; — a Number, it may be proper to observe, equal to that possessed by the United States of,

when they first erected the Standard of Independence against the Mother Country. The Evils were then felt from the Creation of such an Extent of Population at a Distance: but from such an Increase of People at Home, instead of similar Consequences being to be apprehended, additional Strength and Prosperity of every Description may be looked for with Certainty.

There is another Point of View in w'hich this Subject ought also to be considered. — The Improvement

Mr. Kiruian, in his Treatise on Manures, to be foundin the Irish Philosophical Transactions, Vol. V. has thrown much Light on this important Subject.

Vol. 51. 3 of

266 23° Decanbris. A. IT

Report on the of Wastes not only adds to the Wealth and Popula-

Cukivation of tion of a State, but also renders it more defensible.

Waste Lands. j\n jnc]osed Country is, perhaps, the strongest of any.

Every Hedge and Ditch becomes a Rampart, through which an Enemy cannot easily penetrate, and which there is little Difficulty in defending. Were this Kingdom completely inclosed, and no Opportunity afforded of fighting any pitched Rattle (the only Thing to be dreaded in the Event of an Invasion) we should have little Reason to apprehend the landing of any Body of Men, however numerous, or however well disciplined. They might do some Mischief on the Coast, but could never penetrate into the Interior of an inclosed Country. The best Defence the Capital can have is not to suffer a Spot of uninclosed Ground to remain between it and the Coasts in its Neighbourhood.

Before concluding this Address, it is necessary to take Notice of one important Circumstance. For some Years past this Kingdom has been under the Necessity of importing Grain from other Countries; and the Importation seeming to increase, rather than otherwise, it was seriously apprehended that the Agriculture of this Island could not furnish Grain sufficient for the Use of its Inhabitants. — Many Reasons may be assigned for the Scarcity of Grain; the Seasons since 1754, have certainly been in general unfavourable. We have seldom had Two successive good Seasons, but often Two successive bad ones. To this natural Cause may be added the increased Population, Consumption, and Luxury of the People, and the greater Attention that of late has been paid to the Improvement of Stock, in consequence of which considerable Tracts of Arable Land have been converted into Pasture. This, instead of being a Public Loss, was undoubtedly a National Benefit. Land that for Ages had been kept in Tillage, and produced but scanty Crops of Grain, required Rest, and was usefully appropriated for Pasture. — But to complete the Policy of this System, at the same Time that Arable Land was converted into Pasture, Pasture Land ought to have been rendered Arable, and every Acre of Waste Land fit for that Purpose, that had remained untilled, perhaps since the Creation, would have soon repaid the Labours of the Husbandman, by whom it was brought into Culture.

Nor is the Quantity of Land, the Cultivation of which would prevent the Necessity of importing Foreign Grain, so considerable as is commonly imagined. The Importation from Foreign Countries, for Eighteen Years, ending 5th January 1789, amounted only to 767,841 Quarters of Wheat, and 5,097,166 Quarters of Oats, Rye, Beans, &c. which is at the Rate of 42,657 Quarters of Wheat, and 283,175 Quarters of Oats, &c. per Annum. — The Extent of Ground which it would require, to raise that Quantity of Grain cannot be calculated at more than 100,000 Acres*. Let us then only convert that Quantity of Land from Pasture into Tillage, or indeed devote only -rh^th Part of our Waste Lands for that Purpose, and the Business, in so far as respects the existing Population in the Kingdom, is effected.

When it is considered the high Prices which Grain and other Articles of Provision bear at present, which have been rather increasing than otherwise for some Years past, and the Consequences which might arise were these Articles to become still scarcer and more

expensive, it surely cannot require any additional Arguments to prove the Necessity of not losing an Instant in taking such Measures as may be thought most advisable, for the Purpose of acquiring from extensive Tracts, situated in the very Bosom of our Country, the certain Means of National Subsistence and Prosperity.

John Sinclair, President.

Appendix C.

Extracts from the Reports printed by the Board of Agriculture; pointing out the Advantages of a General Inclosing Bill.

County of Norfolk. — The Arguments for the Continuance of Commons in their present State, are, in general, fallacious; and'though specious, are grounded on mistaken Principles of Humanity. The Advantages they would be of to Society, if properly cultivated, would be very great; and the Attention of the new Board will, I trust, soon be fixed upon this important Object, so as to find the Means of removing the Impediments which prevent their Inclosure, upon which I shall have to observe under the Head of Common Fields.

Ditto, p. 23. — If we properly consider the Benefits resulting to Population from inclosing (though that, as well as the Advantages which might be derived from inclosing Commons has been superficially ques tinned,) it will strike us with Astonishment. Let the Population of England be compared with what it was Fifty Years since, and I presume it will be found increased nearly a Third. If I were asked the Cause,

I should say, that I believe it is chiefly from inclosing; and my Reasons for it are, that in all Places where my Observation has come, it carries full Proof. I have seen many Effects in many Parts of; but I

shall subjoin One striking Instance in this County. The Parish of Felbrigg, belonging to Mr.

consists of about 1,300 Acres of Land, and till the Year 1771 remained, Time out of Mind, in the following State; 400 Acres of Inclosed, 100 of Wood Land, 400 of Common Field, and 400 of Common or Heath. By authentic Registers at different Periods it appeared, that the Number of Souls had never been know n to exceed 124, which was the Number in 1745; in 1777 they were only 121; at this Time they amount to 174. This rapid Increase I attribute chiefly to the recent Improvements made in the Parish, by inclosing all the Common Field Land, and by converting most of the Common into Arable Land and Plantations. The Parish has no particular Connection with any other, and therefore its own Increase of Labour and Produce must be the principal Cause at least of this striking Alteration. — The Parish of Wyburn, which remains uninclosed in this Neighbourhood, belonging to Lord Walpole, who possesses in a very eminent Degree the Three great Characteristics of a Country Gentleman, a good Magistrate, a good Neighbour, and a good Landlord, is the most like what Felbrigg was before its Inclosure, consisting of about the some Quantity of Common and Common Fields; but I do not find that the Population there has increased of late, which is a corroborating Proof of Inclosures being in favour of Population.

If then Inclosing be found so beneficial, every Obstruction to it ought to be removed. — In the first

The Ground necessary to produce this Quantity, of Grain may thus be calculated:

42,657 of Wheat, at the Rate of 3 Quarter* Acre, would require -283,175 of Oats, Rye, Beans, and Peas, at Quarters per Acre, would require

Acres.

t4.ai9

70.793

It may be said, that no Allowance is made for Seed or Fallow, the Whole cannot be stated at more than 100,000 Acres.

Total Acres - - - 85,013 Admitting that 15,000 Acres more may be required on that Acceuut,

Place,

36 Geo. III.

23° Decem.

267

Place, were there One General Act of Parliament formed, under which any Parish that could agree in itself should be able to take Shelter, or even any Two or more Persons agreeing upon any Exchange of Land, or a Separation of a mixed Interest, whereby the inclosing of such Land was the Result, should, upon the Payment of a small Consideration, receive the Sanction of a short summary Law to bind their Agreement — this would insensibly lead to a vast Field of Improvement.

Suffolk, p. 18. — No Person who has reflected seriously on the State of the Soil of England, but must be well convinced that there want few Instigations to cultivate Wastes, but the Power to do it, without those very expensive Applications to Parliament which are at present necessary even for the smallest Objects. If the Board of Agriculture be able to accomplish this Desideratum, it will merit greatly, and the National Interests find themselves advanced in a Degree which no other Event whatever could secure.

Middlesex,p. 43. 1 Rep. — Hardly any Thing further seems material to add to the Observations already made on the Improvement of the Waste Lands. To that great Object the Attention of the Board of Agriculture will naturally be directed; and a happy Circumstance it will be, if, under their Auspices, every Acre in this, and every other County in Great Britain, is brought under some useful and profitable Mode of Occupation. On this Head, however, it is impossible to omit mentioning the very important Observation made by Dr. Wilkinson, of who

thinks a general mandatory Inclosure Bill absolutely necessary.

Middlesex, by Foote,p. 31. — Indeed it seems an Opinion almost unanitnous among those who have thought upon this Subject, that One General Act of Parliament to empower the Division and Inclosure of all the Waste and Commonable Lands in the Kingdom would be thankfully received by every Individual, and prove an equal Benefit to them and to the Public.

Huntingdon, p. 19. — A well-digested General Bill for the Inclosure of Commons, Common Fields, and Waste Lands, would wonderfully operate towards the Success of Inclosures, as it would be a Means of saving a very considerable Expence in the Outset of the Business.

Dorset, p. 23. — In these Cases, if a general Exchange were to take place, and each Individual were to be accommodated with his Allotment of Land equivalent to the Value of his Common Right, laid together as much as Situation and Circumstances would admit, the Commonable Land inclosed, and each Man's Right specifically divided, the most must then be necessarily made of the Property in each Person's Possession, and the number of small Occupiers of Land would still continue, which would be a great Advantage to Population, and the Community at large. To effect this Separation or Division of the Rights of Individuals in a Parish, something is wanting less expensive than an Act of Parliament for an Inclosure, which oftentimes defeats the Improvements, by the heavy Charge incurred, seldom less than 300 /. or 4001, besides the Risk of not succeeding. In Parishes where all Parties arc agreed, if this Sort of Business were to be done by Commissioners, composed of intelligent Farmers, or Gentlemen's Stewards, under good Regulations, many Improvements would take place, which are now not Objects of sufficient Consequence to apply to Parliament for.

Essex, by Griggs,p. 9. — Our Waste Lands, including the Forests, may be estimated at full Fifteen thousand Acres; the greater Part of which is as capable of producing Corn, after a certain Time for necessary Improvements, as the adjoining Lands, and would, in most Instances, it is presumed, be made profitable

to the Community, could some Method, such for Report on the Instance as passing a General Act of Parliament to ascertain the Rights of the Lords of the Manors,

Tythe Owners, and the several Tenants, which it is thought might be done by proportioning the Tenants Claim to the nature and Extent, or Annual Value of his Tenements, held of the Manor to which the Wastes belong, and then enable the Lord, who is most frequently more enlightened, and better able to advance the various Expences of inclosing and other necessary Improvements, to purchase these Rights as a Jury should value them, and thus make it worth his while to erect Farm Houses and other Conveni-encies; as without some such Power of purchasing, the Wastes would be found in most Places too small to admit of as many Divisions as there would be Claims given in, or the Ground would be allotted to People unable, from Want of Experience or Property, to render their little Portions of much Service to the Publitf or to themselves.

Surrey, p. 25. — And that brings us to consider the Impediments that are thrown in the Way of Inclosures of Common Field Land, and indeed it may apply to Inclosures in general. It is a known Fact, that no Common Field Land, or Commonable Land, can be inclosed without an express Act of Parliament, unless indeed by the Consent of all Persons interested; but from the Nature and Disposition of Mankind, such a Consent is difficult to be obtained, and particularly where some of the Parties are Minors, Abroad, or labour under any legal Disqualification. It is indeed almost impossible to procure such Consent. With Interests so clashing, and Difficulties so various, Parliament becomes the only Resource; but what with the Expence in carrying the Bills through both Houses of Parliament (and which, for aught we know, may be extremely proper) together with the much greater Expence of bringing the Parties to London, there to wait the unavoidable Delays occasioned by other more important Concerns of Parliament, until Decision shall take place upon the Subject, operate in many Cases as a powerful Discouragement to Undertakings of this Nature, and not unfrequently to an entire Exclusion from the Attempt.

With all due Submission, therefore, something like the following Plan may be adopted: — To pass a general Act of Parliament for Inclosures of every Description, empowering the Magistrates at their Quarter Sessions to receive Proposals from the Parties interested in any Inclosure to have Power to appoint Two or more Commissioners, and Two able and respectable Land Surveyors, who should on Oath make a Plan of the intended Inclosure, and take a View of the Soil and Situation thereof, to have full Authority to make all Exchanges of Land, and to settle every Difference that may arise from the present Admixture of Property. These Commissioners, having local Knowledge of the Premisses, and acting under the Eye of the Magistrates, would proceed with that Caution and Circumspection so essentia Ito the due Administration of Justice, and their Decision or Award might be legalized either by the Board of Agriculture, or by the Magistrates, at a subsequent Sessions, as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem meet. It is presumed that from some such Plan very important Benefits to the Country would arise; it would awaken a laudable Emulation among the Gentlemen and Farmers, by rendering that secure which in its presentState is exposed and insecure; and, that Emulation once set afloat, who can calculate the Advantages ?

Berks, p. 49. — The Advantage resulting from inclosing, or at least severalling, Common Fields, is so obvious, and has of late Years proved so beneficial, that it requires no observation from me to record its good effects. Some sound and well-digested Measures are however much wanting to accelerate this great Benefit to the Community. The Difficulty and

Expence

268 23° Decembris.

A. I 19

Report on the Expectfe of procuring legal Authority to effect this ^Vuste'*Lands^ desirable Improvement, act at present very materially against its Extension.

Lincoln, p. 20. — The Expence of an Application to Parliament, and obtaining Acts for apportioning and dividing the Commons belonging to 47 Parishes, and the After-Division of such Apportionments, amongst the Commoners of each respective Parish, might probably involve the Proprietors of the Whole in the enormous Expence of 47 Acts of Parliament — a very sufficient Reason for the Proprietors dreading the Expence of the Measure of inclosing the Fens, and no indifferent Proof of the Necessity for a General Act to promote the Inclosure of all Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands in the United Kingdoms, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Wisdom of Parliament may devise.

N. B. — The General Act for dividing 47 Commons, §y the Usage of the House, would be charged as 47 Acts, and pay the Sum accordingly.

Somerset, p. 43. — When the Inclosing System is appreciated by its obvious Tendency to increase the Produce of Land and the Demand for Labour, to augment the Rate of Wages to the Husbandman, and to lessen the Amount of the Poor's Rate, it is a Subject of Regret and Astonishment that so few Means have been devised by the Legislature either to facilitate or extend its Progress — How much is to be done this Way, a General Inclosure Act, unfettered by tedious and expensive Formalities, would speedily manifest. From the very great Number of private Acts which have passed within the last Twenty Years, such general Principles might be selected for its Basis as to implicate almost every possible Variety of Claim, Interest, and Property. An Act thus instituted, might without Hazard or Injury, be intrusted to a given Number of Justices at the Quarter Sessions, to dispense its Powers, and control its Execution, and such Justices I should conceive perfectly competent to determine on the Propriety or Impropriety of any proposed Inclosure.

Thus a total Extinction of Parliamentary Expence would encourage inclosing on the smaller Scale, and, with Advantages not to be despised, would accommodate the most extensive.

This Measure, however consonant to the Principles of individual Benefit and National Policy, would notwithstanding have a Host of Adversaries to encounter.

Carmarthen, p. 22. — The Opinions of Proprietors of Estates in this County seem to be unanimous, that nothing acts so strongly in preventing the Improvement of Waste Lands as the great Expence attending the present Mode of obtaining Authority to divide and inclose them, by applying for an Act of Parliament on every Occasion of that Sort. People of small Fortune dread the Expence of these Applications so much, that they will rather permit their Interests in Waste Lands to lie dormant than subject themselves to the greater Inconvenience of an Expence they are not always able to bear.

To remove this Difficulty would perhaps be one of the most popular and beneficial Undertakings in which the Honourable Board of Agriculture could engage. — Some of the most intelligent Persons I have talked with on this Subject are of Opinion that an Act should be passed to empower the Custos of each County, with the Magistrates assembled at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to appoint Commissioners to divide and inclose any Waste, upon the Application of the Majority of Proprietors in Value, under their Hands and Seals. Such Commissioners to be Persons nowise interested in the Waste proposed to be inclosed, and having been previously chosen by a Majority of Votes, at a public Meeting of the Proprietors, held within the Manor or Parish in which the Waste lies, by

Notice given on the Church Door of such Parish for Three successive Sundays (during Divine Service) next previous to the Day of Meeting.

Such Powers as may be found necessary to invest Commissioners with, and proper Instructions and Regulations as to the making the Allotments and paying the Expellees, may be enacted, so as to answer (it is presumed) all the Purposes to be obtained by separate Acts. It is generally believed in this Country, that such an Act of Parliament would be the Means of inclosing every Acre of Waste Land in South Wales (capable of Cultivation) in a very few Years.

West Riding of York, p. 55. — The Common Fields in the West Riding afford greater Scope for practical Improvements than any other Department of its Husbandry, and are generally under most wretched Management. This the Proprietors must be sensible of; but the Expence of a particular Act of Division intimidates many from applying to Parliament for its Interposition. It would therefore be of great Utility that a general Bill was passed for that Purpose, as is already the Case in Scotland, leaving it to the Judge Ordinary of the Bounds to put it in execution, when Application for that Purpose was made by any of the Proprietors,

North Riding of York, p. 107. — The principal Obstacle to the Improvement of the Moors is the great Expence of obtaining Acts of Parliament for the Inclosures, and the Difficulty of settling with the Tythe Ow ners, and Lords of the Manors.

An Instance occurs in a Township on the Verge of the Eastern Moorlands, where Two-thirds of the Number of Freeholders, and considerably more in Value, desirous of an Inclosure of their Commons, amounting to about 800 Acres of fine Sward Land, and about 12,000 Acres of high Moors, 4,000 of which are capable of very great Improvement, had agreed with the Tythe Owner, and signed a Petition to Parliament; but the Lord of the Manor, who possessed very little other Property there, was determined to oppose it; so that from an Apprehension of the Expence and Trouble attending an Opposition in Parliament the Business was dropped.

An Inclosure of Open Fields, amounting only to about 250 Acres, in a Township near to tlte above, was made a few Years since; the Expence of obtaining the Act alone, and without any Opposition, cost the Proprietors 370 /.

P. 120. — Though thisRiding possesses some extensive Open Arabic Fields, yet upon the Whole the Quantify is not large; and they are in some Pegree annually lessening by Inclosures under Acts of Parliament, and would still more rapidly, but for the great Expence of obtaining those Acts.

Bedford,p. 61. — A w ell-digested General Bill for the Inclosures of Commons, Common Fields, and Waste Lands, would wonderfully operate towards the Success of Inclosures, as it would be a Means of Saving a very considerable Expence in the Outset of the Business.

Hants, "p. 29. — We cannot take this Subject into Consideration without expressing our Astonishment, that Century after Century should be suffered to elapse without some efficient Measures being taken to cultivate the Waste Lands of this Kingdom, particularly those belonging to the Crown; when it is a very clear Case, that if they were properly managed they w'ould produce sufficient to pay a very considerable Part of the Interest of the National Debt.

A General Act of Parliament, empowering Commissioners to adjust the Rights of Individuals, and make Allotments accordingly, as in common Inclosure Bills, the whole Management of which might be under the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, who are fully competent to the Subject, having already Surveys and Reports upon most, if not all, the Crown

Lands

36 Ueo. 111. 23 " Litcembm.w

Lands and Forests in the Kingdom. As soon as private Claims are adjusted, the Remainder, of course, will belong to Government; and it requires very little Arguments to prove, that it will produce an immense Income to the Nation, for there is scarce an Acre but will produce something considerable.

Stafford, p. 74. — A General inclosure and Improvement by Cultivation of all the Waste Lands in the Kingdom, would, by greatly increasing the National Capital, have a proportionable Effect upon the Revenue; and it is astonishing that the Colonization of distant Countries should have been so much encouraged, while the Cultivation of our own Country remains so far from being finished or perfected.

Worcester, p. 16. — Considerable Inclosures have been made of late, some by the Authority of Parliament, others by mutual Consent of the Parties interested in them; more would certainly take place were it not for the Expence which attends the procuring Acts of Parliament for that Purpose. A Division of some of the Common Fields and Meadows is under Consideration.

Hertfoj'd, p. 55. — As it is a Matter of Indifference to this Honourable Board, and to the Public, whether such Commons are cultivated by or B. provided they are cultivated, the Interests of all Parties may be concentrated by a Public Act, warranting the Inclosure thereof, with the Approbation of Three Fourths of the Land Owners, including the Lord of the Manor, Rector, or Vicar, and the Overseer for the Time being; to let the Commons for 21 Years to the highest Bidders, or for the best Rent that can be got for the same, giving a Preference to industrious Cottagers with Families, the Rents to be applied in the First Place towards the Discharge of the Expences incurred by the Inclosure, and for ever afterwards One Twentieth Part thereof to the Lord of the Manor, One Tenth to the officiating Clergyman, provided his Stipend is less than too/, per Annum, and the Residue in Discharge of the Poor Rates, or Land Tax; in case of a Surplus, future Leases to be granted by the same Parties, or their Successors, and the Surplus of Rent to be received and accounted for by the Overseer for the Time being.

Appeals may be made to the Justices at the Quarter Sessions, who should in these small Matters be the dernier Resort, and the Consent of the Parties, Inclosure, &c. be certified by them, and enrolled in Chancery perpetuum rei testimonium.

Northampton, p. 61. — One great Obstacle to the inclosing of Parishes seems to be the very great Expence to which the Proprietors are subjected in procuring the Act of Parliament, and carrying it into Execution. As this Complaint is general all over the Kingdom, it is to be hoped that some Plan will be devised by the Legislature for obviating this Difficulty, and for enabling Proprietors to effectuate this great Improvement with more Facility, and at less Expence. — There is not perhaps any one Circumstance regarding the Agriculture of England that deserves the serious Attention of the Board of Agriculture more than this.

Denbigh, p. 11. — There are several Commons of very considerable Extent, at present depastured by the Cattle and Sheep belonging to the adjoining Tenants. It is needless to observe that they are overstocked and uninclosed. From the best Authority, and my own Observations, I can aver, that if a Division were to take place, a great Part might be converted into Arable Land; and, where Water can be applied, into rich Meadows. No Advantages accrue from the present Mode of Commonage; on the contrary, the Balance is very commonly on the wrong Side of the Ledger.

Vol. 51.

Appendix D. Report on the

Cultivation of

On the Culture of POTATOES in Waste and as to Lands.

Boggy Lands, from the Publications of the Board of Agriculture, and other Authorities.

Old Pastures have always been considered extremely favourable to the Culture of Potatoes; and even upon Bogs, partially or wholly drained, and upon such rough Soils as are difficult to plough, this Method has been successfully adopted; — pare and burn the Surface: add Lime to the Ashes: Strike the Lands into straight Beds, six Feet wide, with Intervals of Two Feet, and Two and a Half. Lay the Sets Twelve Inches square on the Beds, and cover them Two or Three Inches deep, with Spades from the Intervals: When the Plants appear, cover them again in the same Manner, One and a Half or Two Inches more. Keep them clean by one Hand-hoeing, and successive Weeding. They may be taken up with the?

Plough; by splitting the Beds, and filling the former *

Intervals; converting the open Furrows, left in the Center of the former Beds into Drains, deep enough to leave the Land dry in Winter.

In Dumbartonshire, the Potatoe Culture for improving Waste and Mossy Soils, is universally acknowledged to be of great Advantage. Cutting down Brush Wood, and removing great Stones, is the whole Preparation previous to planting.

In West Lothian, it is observed that the Upland Parts of the County produce larger Crops than the more cultivated and low Situations.

In East Lothian, in the high District, the Crops more productive than in the low Part of the County. Sixty Bolls, Barley Measure, is not reckoned a great Crop; but in the low District rarely more than Forty or Fifty.

Sir W. Stirling, in Perthshire, has often raised Forty Bolls of Potatoes on an Acre of light Moor, not worth 1 s. — Rent at 5s. only: Here are Two hundred Rents.

In Roxburghshire, Baron Rutherford has found them the best Means of bringing Waste Lands into Culture.

In Dumbartonshire, Sir James Colyuhoun improved a Peat Moss, by planting Potatoes in the Lazy -Bed Way; sowed after them, Meadow soft Grass, with the Oats, w'hicli is excellently adapted to mossy Soils, as it spreads quickly. This was mown every Year; the Bog, being Ten or Twelve Feet deep, could not be pastured.

In the Highlands of Scotland, the fairest and largest Potatoes are produced upon the spongy Mosses, planted in Lazy Beds.

They find in Perthshire, that Mosses, when drained, are a favourable Soil for Potatoes.

OTHER AUTHORITIES.

Three Acres, cleared of Goss and Broom, produced 900 Bushels without Manure.

Bogs well drained make great Returns. No soil will produce a larger Quantity than Black Moss, or Peat mixed with Earth.

At Charleoille, they find that Potatoes on Bogs escape the Frost, when they are killed in the Highlands.

Mr. Leslie, in Ireland, reclaimed Bogs, by draining, and then dunging for Potatoes; the Crop 320 Bushels per English Acre; afterwards excellent Meadow.

At Mercra, in Ireland, the greatest Crops are gained from Bogs; Fifty Bushels per Acre more than from Grass Land. Much the best Way of improving Bogs; but they must have a little Dung.

Mr. Irwin, in Ireland, tried if paring and burning would do to improve a boggy moory Mountain. It answered greatly, and yielded the best Potatoes in the Country.

Mr. Browne, of Ireland, improved 20 Acres of dry

3 Z Heath

Report on the Cultivation of YV aste Lands.

‘270 23" — 24"

Heath Moor, which would not yield any Rent, to 15$. an Acre. He marled with White Marie, from under a Bog, 150 Barrels an Acre; spread and left a Year; this killed the Heath; ploughed Twice, and took Two successive Crops of Potatoes without Dung; the First an extraordinary One, the Second not bad; then Three Crops of Corn, and let it.

Lord Altaimint, in Ireland, manured a Mountain

Moor with Limestone Gravel, at 405. an Acre, left it Two Years, and then let it at 40 to the Poor to plant Potatoes: After Three noble Crops of Oats, then Grass, let at 165. an Acre. On another considerable Piece of poor Moor, manured with Limestone Gravel, and Shelly Sand, at 1/. 2$. an Acre, ploughed and burned it, and sowed Turnips, a very noble Crop. Then planted Potatoes, without other Manure, the Crop much the greatest he ever saw in his Life; from One Stalk had 143 Roots. Three good Crops of Oats; sowed White Clover, and then worth 20 s.an Acre. On another Piece, worth 5 an Acre, Limestone Gravel, at 1/. 2,?. 9*/. an Acre, left Three Years, and let to the Poor at 3/. io$. for Potatoes; then thrice Oats; left for Meadow, and worth 30$. an Acre.

At Moniva, in Ireland, they plant Potatoes in Bogs,

and get fine Crops, draining, and adding a little Limestone Gravel, or Dung.

Mr. French, at I Food lawn, in Ireland, in various interesting Experiments, on a large Scale, on improving Bogs, by planting Potatoes, after draining and manuring, met with great Success; the Crops 12 Acre.

Mr. Bland, of Ireland, has improved much boggy Land by liming, dunging, and planting Potatoes; Two Crops great, and equally good.

Mr. Shan ley, in Ireland, on a bad Red Bog, Four Feet deep, had 1,200 Stone of Potatoes Acre; after draining, manured with Limestone Gravel, at the Expence of 3/. an Acre; also a common dunging; then sowed Barley Tw ice, and laying it to Grass, became immediately worth 40 s. an Acre.

At Swinton, in Yorkshire, on black moorySoil, 4 6d.

an Acre, 120 Bushels an Acre to 158.

Mr. Sturt, at Brownsea, on a Black Peat Moor, at Aid.an Acre, gained 6*00 Bushels an Acre.

OBSERVATION.

The Authorities that tend to elucidate this Part of the Subject, are, upon the Whole, very satisfactory and important; and leave no Reason to doubt that the Culture of Potatoes may be pursued on these Lands with every rational Hope of Success.

POTATOES ON WOODLANDS.

Decembris. A. 17

Mr. Colcc, of Holkham, Norfolk, permits the poor People to plant Potatoes in his young Plantations, and finds the Cultivation beneficial to the Trees.

OBSERVATION.

In all Cases, where the Benefit to the Planter and to the Poor seems to be reciprocal, as in this Practice, it is much to be wished that the same System may be adopted. Merely to offer such a Hint to the Public will doubtless have good Effects. As the Culture of Potatoes is an excellent Preparation for planting, why may not those who have Plantations in View inclose in Terms of the Act 29 Geo. II. Cap. 36, and endeavour to make planting of Trees and Potatoes go together ?

Improvement of WASTE, by TURNIPS and POTATOES.

The following Practice seems to be well entitled to particular Attention, as an excellent Mode of improving Waste Lands. First burn the Surface of the coarse Grounds, such as the Outskirts of Bogs, and Lands over-run with Furze, Heath, Fern, &c. in the Months either of March or April, or even May, and spread the Ashes about the Beginning of Then plough

and harrow the Land, and sow it with Turnips, the Crop from which will probably pay the Rent and Expences. In the Spring following plough and harrow the Land, and without any further Manure plant the Potatoes with a small Plough. The Crop from new Ground treated in this Way is very great: Sometimes a Second Crop of Potatoes is taken, but, in general, the sooner new Land can be laid down in Pasture, the better, until it has acquired Strength sufficient to yield Crops of Grain in regular Rotations. According to the Nature of the Soil, it may be laid down with Grass Seeds, either with Barley, if the Land is light, or with Oats, if it is strong or heavy.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, &4" die Decembris; Anno 36° Georgii III"' Regis, 1795.

Mr. Abdy, of Essex, an Honorary Member of the Board, grubbed a Wood, dunged it with Twenty Waggon Loads an Acre, and planted Potatoes; Produce 563 Bushels per Acre; Expence 16/. 13$. 6d.

OBSERVATION.

This single Experiment may be of Use to those who grub up Woods, as it may probably be found that no other Crop is better adapted to be first had recourse to on such Occasions. — It merits a Trial to discover w hether Dung is necessary in such Cases.

IN YOUNG PLANTATIONS.

In Shropshire, Lord Clive finds it an excellent Practice to permit the planting of Potatoes in his young Plantations, the Season after the young Trees are put in the Ground. The neighbouring Cottagers are allowed to plant them, and if it is new or maiden Ground no Manure is put in for the first Two Years. The Potatoes are not continued above Three Years, and are of great "Use to the young Trees.

Prayers.

MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of Royal Asm the Black Rod: toBllls-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His

3G Geo. III. 24° Decembris. — 2° Februarii. 271

Royal Highnesi the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare

and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lore! Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff:

An Act for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to His Majesty new Duties on certain Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules:

An Act for- granting to Uis Majesty several additional Duties On Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, Or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar:

An Act for determining the present Allowances for Waste on Salt carried Coastwdse, and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt:

An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making " of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, " of any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, " or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, " deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be " taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of " Duty," and to prohibit the Distillation of LoW Wines Or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarter*:

An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, oh the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity With His Majesty, Or on the delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption:

An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the " Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances, arid in certain Cases:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the sAirie, hnd the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them by virtue of several Acts of Parliament:

An Act for continuing the Term of certain Acts for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne:

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to Certain Places in and near the same, and Vox. 51.

also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of Newland, adjoining the said Forest, and also leading from the Bottohi of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Azure, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday the 2d Day of 10 Febniary next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Beaumaris to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Wnt> for the.electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, in the room of Sir Watk Williams Wynn, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath* accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Lordships and Manors of Bromfield and Yale, in the County of Denbigh.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of James, Westminster, was presented to the House, and st?James,0 read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with Westminster, Concern, by the Report of the Corn Committee of the resecting House, that Measures are absolutely necessary to be taken for the Diminution of the Use of fine Wheaten 0 Flour throughout the Kingdom, to prevent a Scarcity before the next Harvest; and that the Petitioners conceive the most effectual Mode of obtaining that desirable End will be by enacting a Law to prohibit the making any finer Sort of Bread, throughout the Kingdom, than what consists only of such a Proportion of fine Wheaten Flour as the Exigency of the present Situation of the Country requires: And therefore praying the House to take such Measures to accomplish the Wish of the Petitioners as to the House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Com.

Ordered, That the Report, which was, Yesterday, Day appoint-made from the Select Committee, appointed to take edforconsi-into Consideration the Means of promoting the Culti- o^the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and vation of Unproductive, Lands of the Kingdom, be taken into Waste Lands, further Consideration upon Tuesday, the 2d Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday, the 2d Day of February next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III'" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Answer of received, from the Honourable Vice Admiral Admiral Cornwallis, the following Letter, in Return to the voteof'1*l° Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, Thank*, in Obedience to their Commands of the 10th Day of November last:

Sir,

I have had the Honour of receiving your Letter, with the Thanks of the House of Commons, upon the

Conduct

Answer of Admiral Harvey to Vote of Thanks.

Mr. Sabatier's Petition.

2° Februa

A. 17

Conduct of a Squadron of Ills Majesty's Ships under my Orders on the lGth and 17th days of last.

I fed, Sir, most sensibly, the very high Honour conferred upon me by this Vote.

To have in any Degree obtained the favourable Opinion of the House of Commons, was, indeed, far beyond any tiring I could have aspired to.

It was the undaunted Spirit of the Captains, Officers, and Men of every Description, on Board of those Ships, which deterred the Enemy from making a more vigorous Attack: I will not fail to communicate to them the distinguished and honourable manner which it has pleased the House of Commons to reward their good Services.

Permit me, Sir, to add, that I am deeply impressed with the very obliging Manner in which you have been pleased to convey the Vote of Thanks.

I have the Honour to be, with the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

Dated on Board the Royal Sovereign,

at Spilhcad, the 30th Day of De-

comber, 1795.

To the Right honourable Henry Addington, Speaker.

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That he had received, from Rear Admiral , the following

Letter in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 2d Day of November last:

Prince of Wales, Spilh January 11th, 179G.

Sir,

I have this Day the Honour of your Letter of the 3d of November last, transmitting to me the Resolution of the House of Commons of the preceding Day, on the Victory obtained over the Enemy the 23d of June last, by a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Bridpori.

I request the Favour that you will be pleased to . assure the Honourable the House of Commons, that I entertain the highest Sense of the Honour they have been pleased to confer on me by their Vote of Thanks; this Tribute of Approbation on my Endeavours to promote the Service of my King and Country cannot but be highly gratifying to the feelings of an Officer, and for which I shall ever retain the most grateful Remembrance.

I beg you will allow' me to return you my Thanks for the very polite Manner in which you have been pleased to signify to me the Resolutions of the House.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Hen') Harvey.

Right honourable Henry Addington.

A Petition of William Sabatier, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth, That the Petitioner, understanding that the Cotton Manufacturers of this Kingdom have long considered the Article of East India Cotton to be of considerable Importance in their Trade, but that, owing to the great Space which it occupied on Board Ship, it could not be imported to Advantage, and therefore was not brought in sufficient Quantities to answer the Demand made for it, did, in the Month of June 1792, offer to discover to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, a new and improved Method and Principle of retaining Cotton, which would be productive of a great Saving in Freight and the said

Company, in order to induce the Petitioner to make known to them such Discovery, did, on the 21st Day of September 1792, agree to pay to him a certain per Centage on all the Cotton which they. themselves should ship from Port to Port in India, to China, and to England, and likewise on all Cotton which should be brought under their Licence to England by Individuals retained according to such Method and Principle, and which Discovery the Petitioner did afterwards make known to the said United Company; and that, subsequent to the said Agreement, in the Month of June,) 7y3, an Act passed, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term,

" the Possession of the British Territories in India,

" together with their exclusive Trade, under certain " Limitations, for establishing further Regulations for " the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, for " appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for making Provision " for the good Order and Government of the Towns of " Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay," by which it is provided, that the said Company shall furnish to the Public 3,000 Tons of Shipping Annually, subject to Increase or Decrease, at the Discretion of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and at a Price of Freight and other Charges therein specified; in consequence of which Limitation of Freight and Charges the said Company are disabled from imposing on the Cotton that may be imported by virtue of the said Act, the per Centage originally agreed to be paid to the Petitioner; and that the said Company have, by a subsequent Engagement of the 16th of December 1794, revised and confirmed their aforesaid Agreement, therein also approving of an Application being made by the Petitioner to Parliament for the Purpose of enabling them to perform the same to its full Extent; and that the Cotton Trade which private Persons carry on in India will also be considerably benefited by the said Invention of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the subjecting all Cotton imported into this Kingdom from the East Indies, or exported from Port to Port in India, or to China, retained according to the Method and Principle invented and discovered by the Petitioner, to the per Centage which the said Company have agreed to pay to the Petitioner on Cotton imported by them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Steel, Mr. Thomas Stanley,

&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, and i)ther principal Petition Inhabitants of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the respecting County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by paving 4c the House upon the 18th Day of December last, No- Bill, tices have been given at the Christmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the West Riding of the said County, and also in a New'spaper usually circulated in the said West Riding, in the Months of December and January last, that Application had been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for lighting, watching, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Town, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of Applications intended to be made relative to Bills for paving or improving Towns: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for lighting,

watching,

Mirfield In-

closure

Petition.

Kedewen and Hopton, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Weaton

Inclosure

Petition.

Dariton

Iocloture

Petition.

36 Geo. 111.

2" Itbrua

273

watching, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within and near to the said Town, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. berforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, -at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York, and of the Persons interested in the Commons,

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds there, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons or Waste Grounds, containing Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and several Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing Sixty Acres, or therebouts; and that it would be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Grounds, and Property respectively, to have the same divided and inclosed, to be held by them according to their Allotments thereof, in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for such Division and Inclosure, and that such Bill may pass into a Law, under such Terms, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Wi do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgor in the County of Montgomery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Lloyd, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Charles Pierrepoint, Esquire, and others, Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open Arable Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields, and other Open Lands, were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates of the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and other Open Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Samuel Crawley, Esquire, and William Calvert, Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, Common, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Dariton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and

Vol. 51.

read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open, Arable, and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Arable and other Open Lands were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates of the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open, Arable, and other Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepoint and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the Petition from County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Grand Jury, ^ofLamca-assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, shire, in held by Adjournment at the New Bailey Court House, favour of a within Salford, on Wednesday the 2oth Day of January General In-1796, was presented to the House, and read; Setting c °*ure 1 forth. That the said Court deeply impressed with the important Conviction (arising from the present Scarcity of Wheat, and the Inquiries and Information which have been the Consequence of the Distress occasioned by such Scarcity) that these Kingdoms cannot expect an adequate Supply of Corn from the present State of our Agriculture, and ought not to depend on the precarious Supplies to be procured from other Countries, beg Leave to suggest to the House the Wisdom and Necessity of employing every practicable Exertion to encourage and extend the Labours of the Husbandman; and, the said Court being of Opinion that the Plan suggested by the Board of Agriculture, for the general Inclosure and Cultivation of Waste Lands, must greatly operate, under God, to procure National Plenty, Independence, Tranquillity, and Safety, beg Leave to recommend the same to the immediate Deliberation and Support of the House, to be adopted under such Regulations as may appear just and effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Great Wool-mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, »tone Inclo-and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the 8ure ®jj|» Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham, commi was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Marquis of Titchfield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Basi anJ and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and other Mapple-Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of derwdl In-Basing and Mapplederwell, in the County of 'omitted1,

ton, was read a Second Time. et'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Sir William Heathcote, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Nether and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, Wallop Ih-and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether flosurc B*H» Wallop, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second com, nitte Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Banrick in thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Elmet indo-

4 A Owners ,ure

2V Jfebruarn.

274

A,

Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of in Elmet, in

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Commons,

-or Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors within the said Fields and Ings lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also of Public Utility, if the same w ere divided and inclosed,

and a Compensation made in lieu of all Tythes arising

within the said Parish, or the Tytheable Places thereof, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests in the same Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the said Open Fields, Ings, Commons, or Waste Grounds, and for the other Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir WilMordaunt Milner do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Report which was made from the vd forturther Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Term tion of Report ax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and

on Eau Brink Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty -and King's fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Lynn Dnu". tituled, " An Act for improving the Drainage of the age 1 ' " Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level

" of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands " adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the " Lands adjoining, or near to, the River in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea " by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; " and for altering and improving the Navigation of the " said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau " Brink, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in

" the said County, to the said Harbour of King's " Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the " said River Ouze;' was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Thames and Severn Canal Company's Bill, committed.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Loveden, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Norton

Inclosure

Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Mea-

dows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and; other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for etfectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pturner and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying Evesham into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed and Alcew in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Parts 1>e"UW1'

" of Three several Acts of Parliament of the First,

" the Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign " of his late Majesty King George the Second, made " for repairing several Roads leading to and from the " Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester,

" and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham " Bridge, in the said Borough, to The Globe Inn in " Alcester, in the County of Warand of several

other Persons, Owners of Lands and Inhabitants within the several Counties of Worcester and was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto; and that a certain Road, branching from the said Turnpike Road above mentioned, at or near the Village of An'mc, and extending from thence to a Common or Place called The in

the said County of Worcester, and also a certain other Road, branching from another Part of the said above-mentioned Turnpike Road, at or near a Cottage in the Occupation of one William I/ayncs, and extending from thence by the Side of Rag/eyPark, along Lane, over The Ridgeway, to a House called The New

Inn, and from thence into the Turnpike Road leading from Alcester to the Town of Bat or near a Place called Crabs Cross, in the said County of Worcester, are in some Parts founderous, and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Two several Roads, leading from and out of the said first-mentioned Turnpike Road at the Village of and extending from thence to a certain Common or Place called The Ridgeway, in the said County of Worcester, and also a certain other Road branching from another Part of the said first above-mentioned Turnpike Road, at or near a Cottage in the Occupation of one William Haynes, and extending from thence by the Side of Rag/ey Park, alons Wethley Lane, over The Ridgeway, to a House called The New Inn, and from thence into the Turnpike Road leading from Alcester to the Town of Bromsgrove, at or near a Place called Crabs Cross, in the said County of Worcester, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

36 Ge5. III.

2° Februar

2T5

Leeds and Harrogate Road Petition.

And it is referred t6 Mr. Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and hare Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, one of them made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of and from thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Burroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence

to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, another in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and continue the Powers of the before-mentioned Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said first-mentioned Act, the Road from Leeds through Hanooood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence through Ripley and Ripon, to the first Watercourse or Rill of Water on Hutton Moor, and the said Road leading from the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through and

Burroughbridge, to Ripon, are made separate Districts or Divisions, and separate Tolls were granted within each District or Division, and directed to be applied towards repairing the Road within the District or Division in which they are collected; and by the said Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Terms and Powers of the Two first-mentioned Acts, so far only as the same relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, were enlarged; and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road, leading from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, which' Money cannot be paid off, and the Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless all or some of the Tolls are increased, and the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-West Corner of the InClosures of Harrogate are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harrooood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. J Mr. c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in tpe Township of Bilion with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of; and that the Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed many considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls arising upon the said Road, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress bath been made in the repairing, widening, and other Improvement of the said Road, but the same cannot be completely finished and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls, or the Interest thereof, be paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, sand enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the said former Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. JVigley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir Charles to exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich, Baronet, Rich'8 Estate and Dame Mary Frames his Wife, situate in the ^Jl>comnut~

County of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual Sums, payable during the Life, and for the Benefit, of Sir George Rich, Baronet, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. kinson, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Skiptou Road A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition. thereunto subscribed, being Part of the Creditors, and also Part of the Trustees of the High Road herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Vol. 51.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors West Ella, of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Kl^E)l'a> Open Fields, Commons, Meadows, Pastures, and inCi0S^atf<i Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of West Drainage,&c-Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby, in the County of the Petition. Town of Kingston upon Hull, and of that Part of the Township of Willerby which lies within the County of York, and also of the Owners and Proprietors of ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Fields, Commons, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and the said Commons and Waste Grounds are frequently overflowed, or otherwise annoyed, With Water; and that, if the said Open Fields,

Commons, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds,

Were effectually drained, divided, and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein; and that, within the said several Townships, are certain ancient

inclosed

Committee appointed to prepare Militia Estimate.

Expiring Laws Committee appointed.

Address of Congratulation on the Birth of a Princess.

Congratulation to the Queen.

Congratulatory Message to the Prince and Princess of Wales.

Report respecting Cultivation of Waste Lands, further considered.

276 2° — 3° Fe. A. 1796.

inclosed Lands subject to Tythe in Kind, and the Proprietors of the said Lands are desirous that the same should be exonerated from such Tythes, and that a Compensation in lieu thereof should be made to the several Impropriators, by Allotments of Land out of the said Open Grounds, or by a Money Payment, to be Annually issuing out of, and charged upon, the said Old Inclosure: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the said several Open Fields, Commons, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, respectively, and for exonerating the said ancient inclosed Lands from the Payment of Tythe in Kind, and for such other Purposes, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare, an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1796:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed' of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Steele,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to congratulate His Majesty upon the Increase of the Royal Family, by Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales having been happily delivered of a Princess.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House do congratulate Her Majesty on this happy Occasion.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder, Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household, Mr. Steele, Mr. Douglas, Mr. An-struther, Mr. Charles Yorke, the Earl of Euston, and Mr. Hobart, do attend Her Majesty with this Congra-

tulation.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a congratulatory Message be sent to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, upon this joyful Occasion.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Somers Cocks, Captain Berkeley, Mr. John Smyth, General Smith, Mr. Wigley, Sir Charles Bunbury, and Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, to attend Their Royal Highnesses with the said Message.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 23d Day of December last, was made from the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and Unproductive Lands of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

Sir John Sinclair moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given General U-to bring in a Bill for facilitating the Division and In- closure Bill, closure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement rdered-among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement: and that Sir Sinclair, Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Rolle, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Robert Smith, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare and bring in, the same.

The postponed Resolution of the said Committee being again read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Bounty w night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *j^0u(ltlV1' House, to consider of granting a Bounty to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Printin' vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Staff. House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on printed Paper and eterr printed Stuffs.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Commits ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on high Pa* House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, S* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

PaAYEKS.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, King's An-that their Address of Yesterday (congratulating gwertocon-His Majesty upon the Increase of the Royal Family, gmulatory by Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales having Addim been happily delivered of a Princess) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty received the same very graciously; and returns His Thanks to the House for their Address.

The House being informed, that Mr. Planta, from Account of the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the ‘he Bntisil Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Accounts, for the " Year 1793 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Accounts, for the " Year 1794:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Accounts, for the " Year 1795; and Estimate for the Year 1796."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

STATE

STATE of Accounts of the British Museum, 1793.

ssr

.M-

r-»

o>

D\

£. f. d.

To Expenditure for Rent and Taxes ----- -- 239 16 2

Candles - -16134

Stationary - - -.....24146

Bookbinding - 63 5 2

Repairs ----- --- 241 7 6

Salaries and Wages - - - - 943 g 4

Coals - - -125 116

Garden Expences -- - - - 70----

Incidents - -116 19 5

Expences on the Parliament's Grant of this Year - 158 3 —

Board Wages ----- -- 132 16 6

Balance of Cash,

In Hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

£.2,132 16 5

£504 5

64 16

1

£.2,701 17 6

By Bank Annuities -The King's Librarian's Salary Interest on Six East India Bonds Produce of 14 - - Ditto

Cash of 1792,

In Hands of A. Newland due to Dr. Morton

o.

£. s. d.

- 900 ——

- 186 16 6

- 24 ——

r 1,423 7 11

£.209 11 q1 41 18 8/

167 13

£.2,701 17 6

D

N

CD

Q_

CT <

CD

o

eg

rT

D'.

4*

a

To Expenditure for Stationary -Bookbinding -Repairs

Salaries and Wages Coals -

Garden Expences -

Board Wages Incidents

Rent and Taxes -

Balance of Cash,

In Hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

STATE of Accounts of the British Museum, 1794.

£. 4. d.

25 12 6

- 105 2 —

-1,089 4

- 948 12 6

- 125 2 6

- 70 ——

- 136 10 —

- 159 *3 6

- 249 >7 2

£. 2,909 14 8

35 7 1 — 11

19 13 11/ DD

£.2,964 15 7

By Bank Annuities -

The King's Librarian's Salary

Part of the Parliament's Grant of 1793

Cash of 1793,

In Hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

£. s. d.

- 900 ——

- 186 16 6

- 1,308 18 —

£.504 5 —

64

16 1} 569

1 1

£.2,964 15 7

36 Geo. III. 3U Februarii. 277

Dr

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

D"

O

o

o§

FT

STATE of Accounts of the British Museum, 1795.

C'.

To Expenditure for Stationary -Bookbinding Candles Repairs

Officers Salaries Coals -

Garden Expences Board Wages ‘ ' Incidents

Rent and Taxes

Balance of Cash.

In Hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

Expenditure of 1793 of 1794 of 1795

£. s. d. 2,132 16 5 2,909 14 8 2,015 14 4

£7,058 5 5 One Third

Repairs of 1795 unpaid

O

8-

H

Richard Miles, Accountant, 21st January 1796.

£. s. d.

13 6

- 118 3 —

- 16 16 8

19 10

- 95i 13 8

3 —

- 70 — —

- 136 7 6

1 2

234 16 —

£.2,015 14 41

202 8 4

£.2,218 2 81

£. s. d. 900 ——

186 16 6

By Bank Annuities ——

The King's Librarian's Salary ——

Produce and Interest of Ten Exchequer Bills of 100l. each. Part of thel -

Parliament's Grant of 1793 - -j > / 5 3

Cash of 1794,

In Hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

£35 7 1 —

19 *3 11/ 0

11

ESTIMATE of Accounts for 1796.

£. s. d.

2,352 15 2 618 12 —

£.2,971 7 2

By Cash remaining of 1795 Eight Exchequer Bills of 100l. each -The King's Librarian's Salary -A Year's Interest on 30,000l. 3 per Cent. Deficiency -

£.2,218 2 8

£. s. d. 202 8 4

800 ——

249 2 —

900 ——

819 16 10

£.2,971 7 2

*3

CO

GO

o

si

A

3.

IO

Oi

36 Geo. III. 3° Februarii. 279

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Awre In- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom

re^rtc-d^for dividing an^ inclosing the Open and Com-re, H,r ' mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tyth-ing of Awre, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing one of the Commissioners therein named (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 3 /. i8s. 9 d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except One Person whose Estate is assessed at i /. 19 s. 4 \d.and who was so infirm as not to be able to give any Answer; and that the whole Property, belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, is assessed at 64/. lu. 6d. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Reimer's A Petition of Henry Christian Reimer, was presented Nat. Petition, to the House and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Aberdeen Ca- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are nal Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the making and maintaining a Canal navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, commonly called Saint Nicholas, through the said Parish, and through the Parishes of Old Newhills, Dyce, Kennellaand Kintore, on the South Side of the River Don, and into the said River at or near the Bridge over the same, adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury, all within the County of Aberdeen,

I North Britain, would greatly facilitate, and render

1 more convenient and less expensive than at present, the

Conveyance of all Kinds of Commodities, not only to and from the Port of Aberdeen, but also to and from; the several Towns, Villages, and Places, connected with

I the Line of such Canal, and thereby promote the Im-

1 provement and better Cultivation of the Inland Parts

of the Country, and would be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Allardyce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, Vot. 51.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons* Papers, and.

Records.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom Perth Road*, the Petition of the Persons thereto subscribing, Trustees Ac. Petition, appointed under the several Acts, passed for repairing and making certain Roads in the County of Perth, and particularly an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His- Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and other Purposes, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared that certain Persons therein mentioned were appointed Trustees for mukinjT the Road from Perth towards Meiklowe, passing near Scone and Byres, till it joins the Road on the North Side of the River Isla from Blairgowrie to the Ferry across the Tay to Kinduvin, and for erecting Toll Gates or Bars, and exacting certain Tolls or Duties on the said Road: And,

Colonel Alexander Macphersonbeing examined, said.

That considerable Progress has been made in making the said Road, and building Bridges, particularly in building the Bridge over the River of Isla, consisting of Five Arches; but it is found necessary that the Powers of the Trustees, in some respects, should be enlarged and explained, particularly as to the borrowing of more Money, laying on additional Tolls, and exacting a Pontage on the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts* made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Pet'th, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and , and other Roads in the said County: And that Mr.

Ferguson and Mr. Drummond do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to Queensferry whom the Petition of the thereunder-signed Owners ]>e^th' of Land in the Counties of Perth, Fife, and Kinross, tit"n^ was referred; That the Committee had examined, ported, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and also another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queensferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queensferry to the Towns of Dunfermline, Torrybum, and Culross; and also the Road from the said Queensferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and were read:

And,

William Adam, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Road from North Queensferry to the Town of

Perth

280 3a Februarii. A. 1796.

Perth has been made, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged: And he further said, that several Improvements might be made in the said Road, which would be attended with Public Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North Queens/erry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the: And that Mr. Ferguson and Mr. Drummond do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Elcombe

Incltjsure

Petition.

F

A Petition of the Governors of the Lands, Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charterhouse, within the County of Middlesex, at the humble Petition, and only Costs and Charges, of Thomas Sutton, Esquire, Lords of the Manor of Elcombe, in the County of and the

humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Manor of Elcombe which is situate, lying, and being, in the Parish of Wronghton, and the Tything of VjJ'cott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same wrere divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the said several Purposes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Strachey, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. John Pitt, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

Clitheroeand A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Salford thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Petition^0^ Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the Market Cross in the " Township of Clitherocto Salford Bridge in the Town " of Blackbui'n, in the County Palatine of ,"

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, and expended in the Repairs of the said Road, which still remains owing; and that the said Act is in many respects defective and insufficient, and the Term thereby granted nearly expired, so that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. BlaMr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Warde, of Buck in the Hampton County of Oxford, Esquire, and Martin of Poylelndo-

Reading, in the County of Berks, Esquire, principal sure etm Owners of Hampton Poyle, in the said County of Oxford, as Trustees of Arthur Annesley, Esquire, on Behalf of the said Arthur Annesley, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Fields of Arable,

Meadow, and Pasture, and several Tracts of Common and Waste Land, and the Petitioners are the principal Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Uninclosed Fields, and, as such, they and other Persons are entitled to, and interested in, the Common and Waste Lands within the said Parish; and that the said Open and Uninclosed Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Farcels, liable to frequent Trespasses, and the same, as also the said Common and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of being cultivated with Advantage, or of receiving any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be attended with great Advantage to the Petitioners, and to the several other Owners and Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Ehiinclosed Fields, Lands, and Grounds,

Common and Waste Lands, within the said Parish, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Francis Annesley and Mr. Burton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Befihto* thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or Inclosure otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands, Tene- Pelltm ments, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Parish of Beighton, in the County of Derby, and in

respect thereof entitled to Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Parish, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish tinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of respecting

and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to gjj 0

continue

m.

"*.*1

*K

'hambet;

ml

IL i,

in ti;

pfuc&i

2g

and Pi>

kl*

tyi

1 the s4

Coaiij

priaa;

«ll'i

fj®u

dlfg

liilOie

Na

afiG is

in,

uitivated

J serai

uc'a Ir*

ted d to !if of: Id ito:; :.to!a

Grcr, is

m

he fits

a a Eid, Ah tat aiud

LASS':*

of, if; , Te&5 orass

atil i io fe-

ar aai dread: i fe in tis

idcrili

and 4'

sd P®

jjfds

t)!ek-

for

a PA

ib*

les^ij

to

nip*

continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from $lieet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton;

And setting forth. That by the said Act it is provided that no Part of the Monies arising from the Tolls collected, or to be collected, at any Turnpike between Sheet Bridge and Portsmou, shall be applied towards the Amendment or Repair of the Road from Petersfield to Ropley, or in the Discharge of any Principal or Interest Money to be borrowed for the Purpose of making or repairing the said last mentioned Road; and representing to the House, that the said Clause is inconvenient to the Public, and oppressive to the Petitioners; that the Tolls collected at a Gate called The Rushes Turnpike Gale, near the Town of Petersfield, on the Road leading from Petersfield aforesaid to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, are inadequate to the Repair of the said Road, and no Part of the said Tolls have been laid out on the said Road for several Years, whereby the same is become in a dangerous and ruinous State; that the Petitioners are under the Necessity of paying the said Tolls, without any Benefit, and they apprehend the Creditors on the said Tolls will relinquish their Claims, provided the said Road is repaired from the Money arising from the General Trust; that the said Turnpike Road is the Road leading from Petersfield to Winchester, the County . Town; and that the Road leading from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth is in complete Repair, its Debt nearly extinguished, and may be so at any Time, and the Tolls arising on the said Road are more than adequate to the Repair of the same, and to the Payment of any Interest or Principal Money due from the Tolls of the said Road leading from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as prevents any Part of the Tolls, collected on the Road between Sheet Bridge and Portsmouth, from being applied towards the Repair of the Road from Petersfield to Ropley, or in the Discharge of any Principal or Interest Money borrowed for the Purpose of making or repairing the said last mentioned Road, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Report on. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Eau Brink further Consideration the Report which was made LnnDran- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending age Bill, fur- the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, therconsi- Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed dered. in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the " Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of " the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, " and the Low Lands, adjoining, or near to, the said " Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the " River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining " through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's " Lynn, in the said County: and for altering and im-V proving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, ,f from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish VOL. 51.

" of Wiggenhull Saint Maty, in the said County, to " the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving " and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers " communicating with the said River Ouze," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House upon the 18th Day of December last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Montgomery, Order, a Bill for rendering effectual an Act, of the &c. Poor Bill, Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the presen better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunburypresented to the House, accord- Little Taring to Order, a Bill for amending, and keeping in Re- p00^' pair, the Road from the Turnpike Road in Little '

Yarmouth to the Turnpike Road at Blylhburgh, and F also the Road from Brampton to Halesuorth, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Billtoregu-Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so much of ^^eof an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen lowers in Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Husbandry,

" Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hus- deferred.

" bandry, and Apprentices," as empowers Justices of the Peace, at, or within Six Weeks after, every General Quarter Sessions held at Easter, to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of the Reverend William Cotton, of Chi- Farndish In-cheley, in the County of Buckingham, Clerk, Rector of closure Peti-the Parish Church of Farndish, in the Counties of tion* Bedford and Northampton, and of the several Freeholders within the said Parish, who have Right of Common in and upon the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Ground, within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for, and in Behalf of, themselves and others, Freeholders interested in the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Ground, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Waste Lands, containing about Forty Acres, and also certain Arable,

Meadow, and Pasture Lands, lying interspersed in the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the said Parish, reputed to contain about Six hundred Acres, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Allotment*

4C to

Hannington Inclosure Petition.

Somersham j Heath, j Inclosure I Bill, pre-j seated, i

Petition to amend the Glamorganshire Canal Act.

m

3° Februarii.

A. 1796.

to the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed, a very great Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Ground, within the said Parish, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Osborn and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Hannington in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, Eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient, but, if the same, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater Value, and might be much improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Osborn and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord Viscount Hinchinbrook presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parish of Woodhurst, and also the other Commonable Lands within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Glamorganshire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from Merthyr -vile to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and to raise a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution; and that the Petitioners have raised the Whole of the Money they are authorized to do by virtue of the said Act, and the same hath been laid out in carrying on the said Canal, and the several Works relating thereto, but the Petitioners find that it will require a further Sum to finish and complete the same, and that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that the Petitioners have begun, and nearly completed, a small Extension of the said Navigation, from the said Place, called The Bank, to a Place, called The Lower Layer (being the Distance of 700 Yards, or thereabouts) and the completing the

a

same will be of Benefit to the Petitioners and to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be |

given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise such Sum of Money os will be sufficient to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several other Works authorized to be done by the said Act, and for carrying on and completing the said Extension, and defraying the Expences thereof, and making the same Part of the said Canal, and for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Salusbury, Mr.

Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names Petition re-are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for spectingBil executing an Act, passed in the Tw enty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An j> 4c.

" Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, light- Act.

" ing, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and " Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County " of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House,

" and holding a Public Market in the said Vill," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 16 th Day of December last, Notices were given at the last Christmas Quarter Session held for the said i

County of Kent, and also published Three Times in '

the Newspaper, called The Kentish Gazette, Twice in the Month of December, and Once in the Month of 1

January, of Application having been made to Parlia- 1

ment for a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in 1

such and the like Manner as, by the Standing Orders of the House of the 20th Day of May 1791, Notices are required to be given of Applications relative to Paving, Lighting, and Cleansing Bills: And there-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and with such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Accounts suant to their Orders, Lung to Bar-

An Account of all Sums of Money that have been £^pre' issued by the Barrack Master General, &c. for the Erection of Barracks in Great Britain, specifying the Places in which such Barracks have been erected, and the Sums expended upon each, and for providing Bedding, Furniture, and Utensils, for the same, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st December 1795; together with an Account of all Sums of Money due upon the same Account; and also, an Estimate of the Sums necessary for completing such Barracks as are now building: And also,

An Account of all Sums of Money that have been issued by the Barrack Master General, for the erecting and fitting temporary Barracks in Great Britain, specifying the Places in which such Barracks have been erected and fitted, the Sums expended and due for the same,

36 Geo. III. 3°_^4° Februarii. 283

lie

I. same, and also for Rents, Bedding, Furniture, Uten-

nj sils, Forage, Beer, Coals, Candles, Wood, &c. for the

Troops stationed in the said Baitacks, from the 1st Day Us of January 1790 to the 1st Day of December 1795

i-j And also,

An Account of all Sums of Money that have been

k issued for the Erection of Barracks by the Barrack

H Master General in Guernsey and , specifying the

j Places at which such Barracks have been erected, and the Sums expended upon each, and for providing t Bedding, Furniture, and Utensils, for the same, from

i 1st January 1790 to 1st December 1795: And also,

j An Account of the Number and Names of all

Barrack Masters, with their respective Salaries and Emoluments, which have been appointed to superintend the several Barracks built or intended to be built in Great Britain, Jersey, and , under the Direc-

tion of the Barrack Master General, from 1st 1790 to 1st December 1795: And also,

An Account of the Number and Names of the several Officers, with their respective Salaries, who have been appointed to superintend the several Bar- racks built or intended to be built in Great

Jersey, and Guernsey, since the 1st of January 1790 to 1st December 17 9 5.

1 And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

King's Con- Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is consent to Bill cemed in the Bill for extending the Term of the Tax on for e*h^nd' Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Kau Brink granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of and King's the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Lynn Drain- " for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South age Act. u Leve]s> part of the Great Level of the Fens called " Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or ‘ near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; " and for altering and improving the Navigation of " the said River Ouze, from or near a Place Called " Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhall Saint Mary, " in the said County, to the said Harbour of Kings " Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with u the said River Ouze," which Bill was, upon the 15th Day of December last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account bf all Com and Flour imported into this Kingdom since the passing of the late Act for granting Bounties thereon, and specifying the Port in which the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Persons claiming Bounties upon the Imports.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Esquire,

deceased.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III'" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

rPHE House being informed, that Mr. Newland, X from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament.

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of 2,143,595/. l6j. 1 d. in One Year, from February 3d 1795 to January 31st 1796, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of 556,804/. 19 s. 6d. to be applied in the Quarter between the ist February and 1st May 1796: And also,

An Account of Bills of Exchange accepted by, dr by the Direction, or on the Account ofi the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable, and paid, at the Bank of England, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795-

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 51.

An

Account of Corn,&c. imported since granting Bounties thereon, ordered.

Hindon W rit.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Accounts

presented.

Reduction of National Debt.

Bills of Exchange accepted and paid at the Bank.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.2,143,595. 16/. id. in One Year, from February 3d 1795 to January 31st 1796, by the Commissioners appointed

by 26th of Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

D".

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C".

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the Act directs; Capital Stock.

£. s. d. £. s.. d.

>,661,343 14 6 Consol11 3/. per Cent. Ann* - - 1,094,013 6 3

209,166 16 9 Reduced Ann* Consol4 - - 143,583 >9 8

507,000 — — 4 /. per Cent. Ann' Consol4 - - 431,626 17 6

85,350 — — Old South Sea Ann' 57,871 18 9

64,000 — — New South Sea Ann* - 42,123 5 —

6,600 — — 3/. per Cent. Ann* 1751 4,4io 10 —

& 2,533,460 11 3

O

s

£.1,773,629 17 2

By Cash received at sundry Times

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues - -

D* - - - being an additional Issue -

£. s. d.

For 6 Months Int. on 6,726,524 5 6 Consol11 3/. per Cent. Ann* due 5th Jan. 1795

D* - - - - 1,595,000 ----- --New South Sea Ann* - D*

D* - - - - 478,000-3/. perCent Ann* 1751 D*

D# - - - - 3,849,276 3 8 Reduced Ann* Consol11 due 5th April 1795 -

D* - - - - 2,008,400 — — Old South Sea Ann* - - D*

D# - - - - 7,839,724 18 10 Consol11 3/. perCent. Ann* due5th July 1795

D° - - - - 1,640,000 ----- --New South Sea Ann' - D"

D* - - - - 481,000-3/. per Cent. Ann* 1751 - - D* -

D° - - - - 3,947,393 — 5 Reduced Ann* Consol4 due loth Oct. 1795 -

D° - - - - 2,042,650-Old South Sea Ann* - - D*

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer,

and unclaimed for 3 Years before the 5th Jan. 1795

D*

- - - - being the Amount of Annuities on Lives, expired between the

5th Jan. 1786 and the 5th Jan. 1795; viz.

Anno

1745 ....

1746 - ....

1757 ....

1778 ....

>779 ....

£. s. d. 1,669 >5 — ' 3,677 10 — 4,235 17 6 121 13 — 500 10 — .

D*

3. d.

- - being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th Feb. 1792; viz.

1,000,000 ——

200,000 ——

100,897 17 3

23,925 -

7,170 ——

57,739 2 10 30,126 ——

>>7,595 >7 5

24,600 ——

7,215 ——

59,210 17 10 30,639 15 —

24,424 7 —

For 99 Years For 96 Years

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Ann* 1777

48,515 2 4], 6,365 12 — J

10

,205 5 6

54,880 14 4

25,000 ——

1,773,639 17 4

On Account of Loan 1793.

£. t.d. £. s. d.

52,714 5 9 Consol4 3/. per Cent.

S Ann* - - 34,496 7 4

Ot

S' 48,683 17 3 Reduced Ann* Consol4 - - 33,027 16 7

£ 2,634,858 14 3

On Account of Loan 1794.

131,283 19 9 Consol4 3/. per Cent.

Ann* - - 85,912 10 2

126,895 6 — Reduced Ann* Consol4 86,086 19 11

© *

On Account of Loan 1795.

92,558 ----- Consol4 3/. per Cent.

Ann* - - - 63,208 15 —

97,859 ----- -Reduced Ann* Consol4 67,233 9 11

£3,083,455 ——

W

Bank of England,

4th February 1796.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

II

67,524

*7*,999

130,442

On Account of Loan 1793-

From the Exchequer being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of 1/. per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of 6,250,000l. Consol4 £. #. </.

31, per Cent. Ann*..... 62,500

For 6 M°* Int. , T

on £. 04,632 14 3 Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Jan. 1795 1,419 9 9

47070 4 11 Reduced Ann* Consol4, due 5th April 1795 706 1 —

121^793 2 3 Consol4 3 /.percent. Ann*, due 5th July 1795 1,82617 7

71,452 2 2 Reduced Ann* Consol", due 10th Oct. 1795 - 1,07115 7

On Account of Loan 1794.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of 1/, per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of the Loan 1794; viz.

10

On 11,000,000l. Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann* - 110,000_______

j On 2,750,000l. 4/. per Cent. Ann* Consol4 - 27,500 __ _

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 11 s.5 d.per Cent on 11,000,000l. for 66 J Years - 9,680___. __

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of 1/. perCent. per Annum, on 1,926,525 /. 12j. 5 51.

per Cent. Arm*, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - - 19,265 5 ___

For 6 M°* Int. J

on £. 55,843 — 3 Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann* due 5th Jan. 1795 837 12 10

on 63,073 11 5 Reduced Ann* Consol4 due 5th April 1795 - 055 n _

on 123,482 18 11 Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann* due 5th July 1795 1,852 4 10

on 127,254 17 5 Reduced Ann* Consol4 due 10th Oct. 1795 - 1,908 16 5

67,524 3 11

*7'>999 l »

On Account of Loan 1795.

From' the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Half a Year, at the Rate of 1 /. per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of the Loan 1795; viz.

On 18,000,000 /. Consol4 3 /. per Cent. Ann* ..... 90,000___________________

On 6,000,000l. 4/. per Cent. Ann* Consol4 ..... 30,000___________________

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of

9 s. 6 d.per Cent, on 18,000,000l. for 65 Years - - - 6,417 10 ____

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of 1 /. per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of 1,609,897/. 17 J. 1 d. 5/. per Cent Ann*, subscribed from Navy and Victualing Bills ----- -- 4,024 14 11

----- ----- ----- ----30,442 4 11

2,143,595 16 1

£- 2,143,595 *6 1

W5

4® Februarii.

A. 1796

By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied between 1st February and 1st May 1796; viz.

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue ——

„ - D° - - being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years, 'which have

expired; viz.

For 99 Years - £.12,128 15 7l

For 96 Years - 1,591 8 — j

For 6 M°* Int. on 8,657,968/. Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Jan. 1796

- - D" - - 1,670,000l. New South Sea Ann* - - D® —

- - D* - - 486,000l. 3/. per Cent. Ann* 1751 - - D® —

On Account of Loan 1793.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of l/. per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of 6,250,000l.

Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann* ----- --- £.15,625-

For 6 M®* Int. on 147,347/. Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Jan. 1796 - - - 2,210 4 4

On Account of Loan 1794*

From thfe Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of 1 /. per Cent per Annum, towards the Redemption of the Loan 1794 viz.

On 11,600,000l. 'Consol1 3/. per Cent. Ann* - £.27,500 ——

On 2,750,000l. 4/. per Cent. Ann* Consol4 ----- 6,875 ——

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of lu. 5

per Cent. On 11,oooo;oooo/.Jorr66i Years ----- 2,420 ——

On 1,926,525/. 12^. 5</. 51.per Cent. Ann* ----- 4,816 6 3

For 6 ‘M°* Int. on 187*127/. Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann', due 5th Jan. 1-796 - -- - 2,806 18 .1

On Account of Loan ^1795.

-From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a. Year, at the Rate of . 1 /. per Cent per Annum, towards the Redemption of the Lean 1795; viz.

[On il8,oooo, oooo/. Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann* ----- £.45,000 ——

On 6,000,0001. 4/. per Cent. Ann* Consol4 ----- 15,000 ——

lOn the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9 6d.

per Cent, on 18,000,000l. for 65! Years - - - 3,208 15 —

jOn 1,609,897/. 17*. 1 d.5/. per Cent Ann' - - - 4,024 14 icr

jFbr 6 M®* Int. on 92,558/. Consol4 3/. per Cent. Ann', due 5th Jan. 1796 i,3S8 7 4

£. d.

250,000 ——

13,720 3 7

129,869 10 4

25,050 ——

7,290 ——

425,929 23 11

17,835 4 l

44,416 4 4

,68,621 17 .2

556,80419 6

Bank of England,

4th February 1796.

A. Nexi land, Chief Cashier.

An

36 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

287

Accounts

presented.

Whale Ships from Scotland

Scotch Lighthouses.

discount on prompt Payment of Duties of Salt.

Allowances paidforWaste <ou Salt.

An ACCOUNT of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable and paid at the Bank of from the ist Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795.

Bills drawn from the West Indies, &c. ——

P" - - by Walter Boyd, Junior, Esquire ——

D° - - by Brook Watson, Esquire, Commissary General - £.3,163,925 11

, D* - - by Henry Motz, Esquire, Deputy Commissary General - 277,050 12

1

2

8

£. s. d. 2,443.697 16 7 55.547 18 10

3,440,976 3 10

D*

D*

by Claude Scott, Esquire, for Flour and Wheat purchased on Account of Government ----- --- £.110,057 12 11

by Sundries, and accepted by Claude Scott, Esquire, for the

like Service - -- -- - 272,570 5 7

Due to the Bank, 31st December 1794 -

Re-paid in the Year 1795, on Account of the above -

382,627 18 6

6,772,849 »7 9 1,979,296 9 9

8,752,146 7 6

7.333.i85 8 3

Due to the Bank, 31st December 1795

1,418,960 19

3

Bank of England, February 4th, 1796.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pearson, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Slreights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from aoth October 1794 to 10th October 1795: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Accompts of the Commissioners for the Northern Lighthouses, " 14th July 1795-"

Mr. Pearson also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

An Account of the Amount of the Sums paid for Discount on prompt Payment of the Duties of Salt, for Three Years, ended the 5th of April 1795 (in so far as relates to Scotland): And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Allowances paid for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, for Three Years, ended the 5th of April 1794 (in so far as relates to Scotland).

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Township of Hambleton, in the Parish of Bray ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds* are, in their present State, incapable of being properly cultivated and improyed, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilbei'force and Mr. Henry Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, in the Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Common Fields and Uninclosed Meadows, wherein the Lands of the respective

Proprietors

HamUelon *

Inclosure

Petition*

Luddington and Gar-thorpe Inclosure Petition.

Queensferry and Perth Road Bill, presented.

Reiiner's Nat. Bill presented.

Awre Inclo-ftuie Bill

passed.

Wear mouth Bridge, &c. Roads Bill, committed.

Topsham and Taunton Canal Petition.

288 4° Fthrudrh. A. 1796.

Proprietors thereof lie intermixed and in small Parcels, and there are also, within the said Townships, certain Commors or Stinted Pastures, all which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Kill for the Purposes above-mentioned, and also for the Purpose of settling a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes of all the Lands in the said Townships, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Eill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Duncom Sir John Thorotd, Mr. Vyntr, Junior, and Mr. Pier report, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ferguson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queensferry: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for natbralizing Henry Christian Reitner: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Eill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tything of Awre, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tything of Awre, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making, widening, altering, diverting, Improving, and keeping in Repair, a convenient Carriage Road from Wear mouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge,

with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish of Whitburn, to the Market Place in the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately made, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from the River Exe, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and that Four Navigable Branches, or Cuts, may be made from the said Canal at the Places following, that is to say, One Cut in the Parish of Sowton, to communicate with the Public Road between the City of Exeter, and Honiloti's Clyst, in the same Parish; One other Cut in

the Parish of Custompton, into a Field now or late in the Occupation of Ferdinando Mills, in the same Parish;

One other Cut in the Parish of into a

Field now or late In the Occupation of Robert Hatches, in the Parish of Tiverton, which said Cuts are all in the said County of Devon; and One other Cut in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Somerset, into a Field now or late in the Occupation of John Slade, in the same Parish and County; and that the making the said Canah and the several Cuts before-mentioned, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and to several other Persons residing, or having Estates, within the said Counties, as they would greatly facilitate, and render less expensive than at present, the Conveyance of all Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and also of Coals, Iron, Stone, Timber,

Lime, Manure, and all other heavy Commodities, and thereby tend to promote and encourage Trade and Agriculture within the said Counties, and be of Public Utility; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be further beneficial to the Country, if Communications were made with the said Canal, by Navigable Cuts, or by Railways or Roads, from different Collieries and Mines, lying near the said Canal and Cuts, as the opening such Communications would materially reduce the Price now paid for Coals and Lime in those Counties; and that the Communication between the Severn and the British Channel would be rendered more complete and beneficial to the Public, if such Part of the River Tone as lies between the Place where the Canal is intended to join that River and Taunton Bridge (being about the Distance of Half a Mile) was cleansed, and rendered Navigable, and made Part of the proposed Navigation; and, in order that the said Canal and Cuts may, at all Seasons, have a sufficient Supply of Water, it will be necessary to make Reservoirs in the Valley of the River Culm, in the said County of Devon, and to raise and take Water out of the said River in Times of Flood, or at such other Times as it can be taken without Prejudice to any Persons entitled thereto, and to make proper Channels from those Reservoirs for conveying such Water, from Time to Time, into the said Canal and Cuts, as Occasion may require: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Cuts as aforesaid, together with proper Towing Paths, and also such other Cuts, Railways, or Roads, as aforesaid, and such other Works and Conveniencies as shall be found necessary for the Benefit of the said Navigation, by such Ways and Means, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. tic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, being Owners and LlandMwr Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Bridge Pei-and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Llandilo- Uon' fawr, Llandeveyson, Llandybye, and Bettws, in the County of Carmarthen, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing in other Parts within the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Carriage Bridge over the River Tony, near the Town of L in the said County, was, by the excessive Weight and Violence of the Floods, which happened in the Month of February 1795, greatly damaged, and Three Arches thereof entirely prostrated and broken down, so as to render the same totally impassable and irreparable; and that the said Bridge, and the Avenues and Approaches leading

thereto,

36 Geo. III. 4° Febru289

6

Little Brick-hill Inclosure Petition.

Scotter, &c.

Inclosure

Petition.

thereto, are narrow and incommodious, and it is of Moors, and Commons, under and subject -to such

great Benefit and of the utmost Consequence to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as the House shall'

Petitioners, and to the Public at large, that a substan- think proper.

tial new Bridge should be forthwith built over the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, River Toney, at or near the Site of the old Bridge, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that sufficiently wide and commodious for the safe and con- Mr. Hobart and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring

venient Passage of Carriages and Travellers, and that in the same.

the Avenues and Approaches leading thereto should be widened or diverted as soon as may be: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building an entire new substantial Carriage Bridge over the said River Toney, at or near the Site or Place where the said former Bridge stood, and for making, widening, or diverting, the Avenues and Approaches leading thereto, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hobart, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power, to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields of the said Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and in their present State are incapable of any great Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors concerned, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares allotted them, in proportion to their several and respective Estates and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Little Brickhill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, in the Parish of , in the County of

Lincoln, and Hamlets of Scotterthorpe and in the said Parish of Scotter, on the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the same Parish and Hamlets, wjas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Hamlets, certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, which in their present State are incapable of much Improvement, but if. the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors and Occupiers of the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Vol. 51.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Scredington

Willoughby de Broke, and the humble Petition of Sir Inclosure Thomas Whichcote, Baronet, John Charles Lucas Cal- etmon'

craft, Esquire, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the W'hole, 2,800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any material Improvement, and the Petitioners apprehend that it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned if the said Fields and Meadows, and the said Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were to be inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Interests, and Properties:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Reverend John Gray, Vicar of the Hibaldstowe Vicarage and Parish Church of in the |(nc!osure

County of Lincoln, of the Right honourable Lord *etltion-William Beauclej-k, of Sir John Nelthorpe, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Lordship of Hibaldslonee aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordship, several Open Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Fields, Meadows* and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, but, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, and a Satisfaction made for the Tythes of the said Lordship at large, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill far those Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

4 E. Sis

Bill to enlarge Powers of Ramsgate Paving, &c. Act, ordered.

Kincardine Roads, and Statute Labour Bill, reported.

290 4° Februaiii. . 1796.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being CommissioneES for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, " and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, " of and in the Vill of , in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House, " and holding a public Market, in the said Vill," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Daniel produced to your Committee the Kentish Gazette, dated the 25th and 29th December, and the 1st of January last, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, and also for raising a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Act, are inserted agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 16th Day of December last: — And the Witness also produced to your Committee, a Copy of the like Notice which he saw affixed on the Door of the Session House, for the said County of Kent, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions, held at Canterbury, agreeable to the said Leave of the House.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the lfith Day of December last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Tw enty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better paving, cleansing, re- pairing, lighting, and watching, the Highw ays, Streets, " and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the " County of Kent, and for removing and preventing " Annoyances therein, and for a erecting a Market u House, and holding a public Market, in the said u Vill," was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better paving, cleansing, " repairing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, " Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, " in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a " Market House, and holding a Public Market, in the said VillAnd that Sir Edward Knatchbull and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine, was committed.

Mr. Ferguson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he Tead the

Report in his Place; and afterwards' delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the-Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Drainage of the " Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level " of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands " adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the " Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the " County of Norjulk, draining through the same to Sea.

" by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County;

" and for altering and improving the Navigation of the " said River Ouze, from or near a Place called " Brink, in the Parish of IV Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn-,

" and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River " Ouze," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill w as read the Third d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, W'ares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South " Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called " Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or " near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of * Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the " Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and " for altering and improving the Navigation of the " said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau " Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn;

" and for improving and preserving the Navigation " of the several Rivers communicating with the said

River Ouze."

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ryder acquainted the House, that the Gentlemen, appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulation of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say:

Gentlemen,

I return you my sincere Thanks for your Congratulations on the Birth of a Princess, and for the Share you take in the Satisfaction I must receive from an Event in which I feel Myself so nearly interested.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houses upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces w'hile on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to enable Officers of Marines to enlist, into the Marine Corps, Soldiers belonging to Regiments or Corps serving in Parts beyond the Seas.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

Bill for extending the Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drain, age Act, passed.

Queen's Answer to Congratula* tion on the Birth of a Princess.

Committee on Marine Mutiny Bill.

36 Geo. III. 4° — 5° F 294

Bill for the more expeditions Conveyance of Writs deferred.

Sir Philip Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chaiij.

Sic Philip Stephens reported from the Goramittee, That they had gone through the Bill', and made several. Amendments thereunto.; which, they had, directed him to report, when, the House will, please to receive thp same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Pay being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for the more expeditious and regular

Conveyance of Writs.igsued.for.tJie.PlectihniOf Members to serve in Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Moaning next, resolve itself into the said Gqmmittee,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who, were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1796: That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1796,

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men Clothing for D° -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants -Clothing for D° -

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers -Clothing for D® -365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals -D° - D° to 66 Adjutants Twenty-eight Days Pay to the several Officers

£. s. d.

- 28,784

30,840

- 18,781

3,598

- 4,690

1,028

- 12,521

- 7,195

" 8,700

£. 116,137

Innkeepers Bills, deferred.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, £cc. in the West India Islands, ordered.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Act, ordered.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And that Air. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

An Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of " foundland, and the Islands adjacent," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo u 51.

Veneris, 5* die Februarii;

Anno 36° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1796.

Praters.

MR. Eduard James Eliot reported to the House, that their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales had been attended with the congratulatory Message of this House, upon Her Royal Highness's having been happily delivered of a Princess; and that His Royal Highness was pleased to return the following Answer:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I and the Princess are both exceedingly gratified by this Proof of your Duty to His Majesty, and of thq Interest you take in the Increase of His Family; and We return you Our partioular Thanks for your Congratulations to Us on the present Occasion.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Graves and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbrcn; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Gqods from Fire; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lqrds have agreed so the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of Hquse3 and

Goods

Militia

Estimate

reported.

Answer of the Prince of W ales to congratulatory

Message.

The Lords have agreed to.

Lubbren's Nat. Bill.

Royal Exchange Assurance Bill, with Amendments.

Load00 Assurance Bill, yfth Auifiid-menfo-

292

5° Februarii.

A, 1796.

The Lords have passed

Gordon's Mat. Bill.

Gordon's Mat. Bill, read.

Cumwhitton and Cumrew Inclosure Petition.

Goods from Fire; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, Spinster, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parishes of and Cumrew, in the Barony of in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, and others; and that the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, Rolle and Lord Viscount Morpeth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition to repeal Act for preventing the retailing of Fish at Billingsgate, &c.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act w as passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with " Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price " thereof, and to protect and encourage Fishermen;" and that, by the said Act, Persons are restrained from selling, or exposing to or for Sale, in Billingsgate Market, or within the Space of 150 Yards from Billingsgate Dock, or in any other Market in the City of London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Fish which in the same Day shall have been before sold in the same Market; and that the retailing of Fish at Billingsgate is of great public Utility and Convenience, and tends materially to reduce the exorbitant Price of Fish, but cannot be continued to be practised whilst the above-mentioned Restrictions contained in the said Act remain in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as prevents the retailing of Fish at Billingsgate Market, and for authorizing the Sale of all Sorts of Fish by Retail in the said Market, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Lushington, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the amend the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation, was pre-Braunston" seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Canal Act.

Act was passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enabling the Petitioners to make and maintain a Canal from and out of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, then cutting, or intended to be cut in the Parish of Bud, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and made a considerable Part of their Canal, but now find that, if the same was to be completed in the Line prescribed by the said Act between a Place or Road called The Fosse Road, in the Parish of Of church, in the said County of Warwick, and the

Parish of Braunston aforesaid, it would be attended with much Inconvenience and Prejudice to the Petitioners, and would be incommodious for Navigation, as a Tunnel of more than 800 Yards in Length must be made thereon; and that the Petitioners have lately caused Surveys to be made, whereby it appears that, if the above-mentioned Part of the Line of their Canal was abandoned, and, instead thereof, it was carried from the said Place or Road called The Fosse Road, in the Parish of Of church aforesaid, through the several Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places, of Of church, Bascoie, Long Ilchington, Stockton, Lemington Hastings, Broadwe/lotherwise Grandborough, Caldccot, and in the said County of Warwick, into the said Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Napton, in the County of Warwick, and certain

Collateral Cuts or Branches made therefrom, it would be much more beneficial to the Petitioners, more commodious for Navigation, and the Advantages to arise to the Public from the Petitioners Canal be more easily attained, and much increased, as there will not be any Tunnel on this Line of Canal; and the Petitioners also find, that some other Amendments and Alterations arc requisite in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Variation in their Canal, and for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the several Parishes of

Cramcorth, and Southberg, alias in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Owner of Land rated to the Land Tax at the Yearly Value of 73 /. 1 who is a Lunatic; and also, except Three Owners rated at 2/. 145. a Year, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of 1,369/. 17 8

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards

Reymerstone Letton, &c. Inclosure Bill reported.

36 Geo. III. 5° Februarii. 293

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tattershall, A Petition of the Right honourable Hugh Earl and Drain* *escue' an^ ^e humble Petition of the several other Petition. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirk super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish and Townships, respectively, several Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and the Petitioner, Hugh Earl Fortescue, is Lord of the Manor of Tattershall, with Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, aforesaid; and that the Embankment and Drainage of the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in Tattershall and Tattershall Thorpe aforesaid, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the County of Lincoln, was committed to the Care, Management, and Direction, of certain Commissioners, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both " Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navi-‘ gation of the said River, from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston,

" to the Sea," in such Manner and Form as in the said Act is mentioned; and that the Works, which have been made in pursuance of the said Act, have been found ineffectual to secure the same Lands and Grounds from being overflowed, and which Lands and Grounds, on that Account, yield but little Profit to the Petitioners; and that the said Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, are, in their present uninclosed State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners if the same were divided and inclosed, and if the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and other Low Lands and Grounds, abutting on the River Witham as aforesaid, were further and better embanked and drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and Form as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Junior,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Billto obviate Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to a Doubt r«- whom the Bill to obviate a Doubt touching the Validity specting the cf certain Parts of an Award made in pursuance of Hai^In- an ^ct' Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, clwure Act, for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of reported. Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committeeand that the Committee had directed him to report the Vol. 51.

Bill to the Honse, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition ft Leominster Canal Navigation, under their Common tTn^r^and Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year Canal Act. of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester', and that the Petitioners have proceeded in making the said Canal, but have met with many unforeseen Difficulties in carrying on the Work, which have occasioned a very great additional Expence from what was expected at the Time the said Act was passed, particularly in making a Tunnel at Putnal Field;and that the Petitioners have already expended nearly 80,000l. in carrying on the Work, and find that, unless they have Power to raise an additional Sum of Money beyond the Sum they are authorized to do by the said Act, they shall not be able to make the said Tunnel, and complete the Canal; and they also find, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise such additional Sum of Money as shall be necessary for making the said Tunnel, and completing the said Canal, and for making such other Amendments in the said Act as the House shall think necessary and expedient for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir John Rushout, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Walcott thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Land, or other- inclosure wise interested, in the Open Fields and Commonable Petition. Places of Walcott, in the Parish of Mister ton, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners of Land, and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would be advantageous to the Proprietors of Land, and Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to them, to be held in Severalty for ever; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Corfnnittec, to whom anj the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Harrogate Execution Three Acts of Parliament, one of them, Road Peti-made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late tion reP0lted- Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harrvood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and lrom thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the

4 F Sloughs

Lords

Amendments to Royal Exchange Assurance Bill, agreed to.

Lords

Amendments to London Assurance Bill, agreed to.

294 5° Februaru. . 1796.

SloiigHs or Ruts on the said Moor, another, in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, and the other, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term, and continue the Powers, of the before-mentioned Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Skelton being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Hailwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of which Money cannot be paid off, and the Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless all or some of the Tolls are increased, and the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Tw'enty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Hai'wood, to the South West Corner of the

Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. and Air. Wil-

ber force do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 5. After " Assurances" insert " by the " said recited Charter or."

1. 9. After " herein " insert " or in the said " Charter above recited.'*

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 3. After " Assurances " insert " by the " said recited Charter or."

1. 6. After " herein" insert " or in the said " Charter above recited."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon die Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the thereunder signed Magistrates of Petition fron the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and other the -Vla?is-Magistrates, assembled in General Quarter Session on 0lre. Tuesday the 12 th Day of January 1796 at Saint Mary specting the Newington, in and for the said County, was presented to making ot' the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Bread-having taken into their serious Consideration the present alarming Scarcity of Wheat, do therefore pray the House that a Bill may be passed to prohibit, for a limited Time,' the making of any finer Sort of Bread throughout the Kingdom than what may consist of only such a Proportion of fine Wheaten Flour as the Exigency of the Country may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn. 1

1

Sir Philip Stephens, according to Order, reported Marine from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Mutiny BiJ, Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces reP°rted-w hile on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read j

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that certain Parts of the Act may be altered by any Act of this Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a added to Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the seve- g^^ham ral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, inci0Sure' being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers Bill. Uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, within the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Blunham and Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Northill In-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in presen the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Nettleship, from Account the Office of Ordnance, attended at the Door; he was relating to called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Barrac.^,* pursuant to their Orders, presen

An Account of all Sums of Money that have been issued by the Board of Ordnance for the Erection of Barracks in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, specifying die Places in which such Barracks have been erected, and the Sums expended upon each, and for providing

,36'Geq. III. 5" — 8° Feb marii.

095

providing Bedding, furniture, and Utensils, for the same, from ist January 1790 to the 1st Day of December 1795; together with an Account of all Sums of Money due upon the same Account, and also, an Estimate of the Sums necessary for completing such Barracks as are now building, or intended to be built; also, the Number and Names of all Barrack Masters, and other Officers, with their respective Salaries and Emoluments, which have been appointed to superintend the said several Barracks built and intended to be built.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Supply deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 8° die;

Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Petition to A PETITION of the Right honourable William amend Old /V Earl Fitzwilliam, and the humble Petition of the dosure Act severa^ other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having, or claiming to have. Right of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Old , in the

North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton aforesaid; and that, in the Execution of the said Act, certain Difficulties have arisen respecting the settling and ascertaining the several Claims made to Right of Common over and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which, according to the Directions of the said Act, cannot be finally determined without divers Suits at Law, which the Parties interested are desirous of avoiding, and that, in other Respects, the said Act is found ineffectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, varying, and amending, the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition i. And that Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Serjeant Adair, and Lord Viscount Milton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the amend the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation, was pre-Birmingharik sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Cana) Act. VoL. 51,

an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisfot'd, " in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough Of " Wanvick, into, or near to, the Parish of " in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, Or " near to, a certain Navigable Canal, in, or near to, " the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch " of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley " Canal Navigations," whereby the Petitioners were incorporated, and invested with certain Powers for making and maintaining the said Canal, and other Works thereby authorized to be made; and that the Petitioners are, by the said Act, enabled to raise among themselves the Sum of 100,000l., for the Purpose of making and completing the said Canal and Works, and, if the said Sum should be found insufficient, they were then enabled to raise in like Manner the further Sum of 30,000 /.; and that the Company have made a great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have raised among themselves the Sum of 80,000l., and upwards, which has been expended in carrying on the said Canal and Works, but find that the same cannot be completed and maintained unless the Company are enabled to raise a still further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the said Act has also been found, in several Respects, defective, and the Execution of some of the Powers and Provisions thereof, in the Mode prescribed, inconvenient: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for altering and amending the said Act, under such Restrictions and Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir John &c.: And they

are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and the humble Petition of Henry -chariah Jervis, Esquire, Thomas Smallwood, Thomas Taylor, Edward Hayward, William Anwyl, Thomas Powell, William Taylor, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Cheswardine, in the County of Sallop, several Commons or Wastes, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parishes of Bamwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and Vill of Wotton, in the County of Gloucester, several Open Fields and Meadows; Commonable

Cheswardine Inclosure P« lition.

Bamwood, &c. Incloaun Petition.

296 8° Februarii. A. 1796.

and intermixed Lands, and Waste Grounds, which Lands are dispersed in small Parcels, and those of divers Persons intermixed with each other, and are therefore not only inconveniently situated with respect to several Proprietors thereof, but incapable, in their present State, of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be of considerable Advantage, as well as Convenience, to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, to have the said Lands divided, and specific Shares allotted to, and amongst them, according, and in Proportion, to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for this Purpose, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Basingstoke, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Petition*15 thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing Two on' Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Whitchurch,

Hursborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Comer, in the Parish of Winterslow, in the County of Wilts, for including the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty, and for amending the Road from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarson Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed by the said first-mentioned Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution of the same, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Roads, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Monies be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and some Alteration made in the Tolls thereby granted; and that the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Abbotts Ann, in the County of Southampton, near the Three Mile Stone from the Town of Andover, towards Redrice, and through Clalford Oakcutts, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Longstock, leading from Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton aforesaid, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and also, the Road leading from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road from Weyhill to Sarson Street, by Sarson Mill, to the said Turnpike Road from Andover to Salisbury, in the said Parish of Abbotts Ann, across that Road, to join the before proposed Turnpike Road, at or near the said Three Mile Stone, at the Commencement of such Road, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the said Roads, or residing in the Neighbourhood, if the same were made Turnpike, and added to the Roads included in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lethieullier, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Woollaving-of certain Open and Commonable Pastures and ^,tj^wure Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in e 1 on' the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Commonable Pastures, containing, by Estimation, 230 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon divers Persons have, and claim to be entitled to, Right of Common in respect of their several Tenements, and there are also, within the said Parish, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 460 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein various Persons have, and are entitled to, divers small detached and intermixed Parcels, which are very inconveniently situated for the Occupation thereof; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Open and Commonable Pastures, if such Commonable Pastures were divided and allotted into several distinct Allotments, and it would also he of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Commonable Arable Lands, if the several Parcels thereof were exchanged and allotted and laid together, as the same would thereby be much improved, and rendered more convenient and profitable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands, in such Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Young and Mr. James Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable James Gren- Butleigh tn-ville, Henry Gould, Clerk, Alexander Hood, Esquire, closure Pen John Rocke, William Grant, and others, was presented Uon‘ to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Manor and Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, containing, by Estimation, 600 Acres, or thereabouts, Part of Kingsedgemoor, divided, and set out for and in Lieu of Rights of Common in the said Moor, in respect of certain Tenements in the said Parish of Butleigh, by the Commissioners appointed under a late Act of Parliament for draining and dividing the said Moor, and the said James Grenville, Henry Gould, Alexander Hood, John Rocke,

William Grant, and others, in respect of their Tenements in the said Parish of Butleigh, are entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, as to the House may seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Young and Mr. Thomas Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ferguson presented to the House, according to Perth Roads Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more present-effectual Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and *"*

Thirty-

3b liEO. 111. 8U

297

Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r; v, Queenefeny tiand Perth flr. Road Bill,

10 committed.

e

i.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and the Landing Places at the -

ferry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Allardyce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kincardine An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing the

! Statute^a ^oa^s from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through hour Bill the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of passed. Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do carry the Bill to the

a Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

3

Committee Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petion Aberdeen tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the County of ' Aberdeen, was referred, be revived.

Farringdon, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &c. Poor Pe- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and tiuon. others, Inhabitants of divers Parishes, Hamlets, and

Townships within the Hundreds of Faringdon, Ganfield, and Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Poor belonging to the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great Expence to the Inhabitants thereof; and that it is apprehended, if a proper and suitable House was provided for the Reception of all the Poor within the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, generally, and proper Powers were given for their Regulation, Employment and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to all Persons paying to the Poor Rates of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, but would also tend to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Vol. 51.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Northwold the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year BlU.reported. Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 90 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 114 Acres of Land, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be divided and inclosed consist of 3,664 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are London thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others re- Dock*, Ac. siding in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, Petition, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the great Increase of the Trade and Commerce of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, the present legal Wharfs and Quays on the River Thames, and those used by Sufferance as Wharfs and Quays, are found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Shipping, which has been in a State of Increase during the last Hundred Years, and to the Purposes of landing and shipping Goods and Merchandize, and, from the crouded State of the said River, the Navigation is much impeded, and many Inconveniences, Delays, and Accidents, as well as Losses and Damages, are occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London; and that, by Reason of the increased Navigation of the said River, great Damages and Delays are sustained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in, Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port of London; that the said several Grievances might be removed if good and sufficient Wet Docks or Basons, Canals and Cuts, with proper Outlets, and other necessary Works, were made, in convenient Situations near the said River, for the Reception and Discharge of Vessels, which would give Protection and Dispatch to Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue; and that, for carrying into Effect the Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands, Buildings, and Premisses, which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have caused Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, to be made of (he several Works necessary to be done for providing Docks, Basons, Canals, and Cuts, and other Accommodations, as aforesaid, and have raised a

4 G Subscription,

Bill to obviate a Doubt, respecting the Kothwell Haigh Inclosure Act, passed.

Guisaley Inclosure Petition.

Tilney and Islington Inclosure Petition.

298 8° Februarii. A. 1796.

Subscription for carrying the same into Execution: And allotted to the* several Owners, and all other Persons therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring interested, according to their several and respective in a Bill for effecting the said Purposes, by such Ways Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That and Means, and under such Regulations and Restric- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, tions, is to the HoOse shall seerri meet. allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Tilrtey All Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Saints, Tilney Saint , Tilney cum Islington, and

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Islington, in the County of Norfolk. shall appear to them, to the House: Ordered, That Leave be given to- bring in a Bill,

And it is referred to Mr. Manning, Sir William pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Young, Stc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Sir Marlin Browne Folkes artd Mr. Hobart do prepare, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and bring in, the same, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records. Sir Robert Salusbury reported from the Committee, Petition to

to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors amend the An ingrossed Bill to obviate a Doubt touching the of the Glamorganshire Canal Navigation, was referred; ^^£anaT Validity of certain Parts of an Award made in pur- That the Committee had examined, and found that Act^repomd. suance of an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of His the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navi-present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain gation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Open Tract of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Committee had examined the Matter of the said Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as was read the Third Time. it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at be, An Act to obviate a Doubt touching the Validity the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is of certain Parts of an Award made in pursuance of an as followeth; viz.

Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Naviga-West Riding of the County of York. ble Canal from Merthyr to and through a Place

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberj'orce do carry the Bill to called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. County of Glamorgan, was read: And,

Mr. John Wood being examined, said, That the A Petition of several of the Lords of the Manor of Company have raised the Whole of the Money Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, authorized by the said Act, and that the same hath and of the Freeholders entitled to Right of Common been laid out in carrying on the said Canal, and the in and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within several Works relating thereto, but that it will require the Manor and Township of Guiseley aforesaid, was a further Sum of Money to finish and complete the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That same, and that some Alterations and Amendments are there are, within the said Manor and Township, a necessary to be made in the said Act. — -And he added.

Common and Waste Grounds, called Guiseley Common, That the Company have begun and nearly com-and several other Parcels of Waste Ground, contain- plcted a small Extension of the said Navigation, ing in the Whole, by Estimation, 400 Acres, which from the said Place called The Bank to a Place at present lie Open and Uninclosed, and are therefore called The Lower Layer (being the Distance of 700 incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Com- Yards or thereabouts) and that the completing the mon and Waste Grounds were divided and allotted in same will be of Benefit to the said Company, and to specific Shares unto the Petitioners, and the several the Public.

Other Persons interested therein, according to their Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to several Rights and Interests, it would be of great amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Advantage to the Parties concerned: And therefore Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal praying, That Leave may be given to bring m a Bill from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste The Bank, near the Town of in the County of

Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a seem meet. Place called the Lmrer Layer, below the said Town:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, And that Sir Robert Salusbury and Sir Wat kin Lewes pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that do prepare, and bring in, the same- Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Duncombe do prepare,

and bring in, the same. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Macclesfield

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Inclosure Pe-A Petition of William Bagge and Thomas Bagge, others, Owners of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and tition- Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereto sub- Hereditaments, within the Township of Macclesfield, scribed, Owners of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, in the Parish of Prestbliry, in the County of Chester, and Tenements, in Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, and Islington, in the That there are, within the said Township, several County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and Commons and Waste Lands, upon which the Peti-read; Setting forth, That there are, in Tilney All Saints, tioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that Tilney Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, and Isling- the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present ton aforesaid, several Commons, Commonable and State, are of little Value, but, if divided into specific Waste Lands, containing about 500 Acres; and that Allotments, and inclosed, the same might be very there are several Rights of Common, and other Rights considerably improved, and such Division, Allotment, and Interests, id, over, and upon, the said Commons and Inclosure, would be a manifest Advantage to the and Waste Lands, to the said Messuages and Lands, several Persons interested therein, and of Public dr some of them, appendaht or appurtenant, which are Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be very inconvenient For the Owners thereof, and it Would given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in--be very advantageous to them if the Said Rights were closing the said Commons and Waste Lands, under extinguished, artd all the said Commons and Waste such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall Lands divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof seem meet.

Ordered,

3&G'Eo. III.

8° Februa

2 99

Macclesfield and Congkh ton Road' Petition.

East Bridg-ford Inclosure Petition.

Ordered, That' Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and britig'in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are theretrrrtOf subscribed; being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, or Inhabitants within the County Palatine o f Chester, was presented to* the House, and read; Setting, forth; That the Road from in the County* Palatine of Chester, by Broken; to Con-gleton, in the said County, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and, if the same was properly" amended; widened, turned, altered, and kept in Repair, it' would be productive of great Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and beof Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to biirtg in a Bril for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shad seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Thomas Stanley, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish of East in

the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Lordship, and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the same lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and subject to certain Rights of Common, and, in their present State, are very inconvenient, and incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same, together with the said Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors in Severalty, and in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein respectively, and such Allotments inclosed, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish of East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham, subject to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish

Bentinchdo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Leeds and Harrogate Road Bill, presented.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to* st. Bride's whom the Bill to-enable the Trustees for executing an Church and Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign- of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and im- 1 ,repo proving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a* Workhouse for the same; to raise a- further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the- said Act, was committed; That the Committee had- examined the Allegations of the Bill1, and* found the same- to be true; and'that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Ohce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; mid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Wakefield whom the Petition of several Merchants and other lighting, principal Inhabitants of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Com- ordered.' mittee had examined the Miatter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr,

Edward Brook produced to your Committee the printed Newspapers called The Leeds Intelligencer, of the 28th of December, and the 4th and 11th of January last, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, are inserted* pursuant to the Leave granted by the House upon the 18th Day of December last. — And being examined, he said, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the-Door of the Sessions House at Wakefield, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 18th Day of December last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was ef erred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and other Public Passages and Places within and near to the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: Ana that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 51.

A Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road Little Yar-from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the p0Ujh,n % c' Turnpike Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from committed. Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Josiah Rodwell and William Dalton, Little Barton Gentlemen, Lords of the Manor of Barton Parva, in Inokwure the County of Suffolk, and of John Swale and William e',ou*

Palmer,

Petition to amend Deal Paving, &c. Act.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands, presented.

300 8° FebruariL A. 1796

Palmer, Esquires, Lords of the Manor, or reputed Manor, of West Bonners and within the said

Parish, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, divers Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, and Common Fields, are inconveniently situated for Cultivation; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in, the Premisses, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extin* guished, and the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein, agreeably to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, which Extinguishments of Rights, and such Division and Allotments, would be not only of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premisses, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Rons do p epare and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein, and also Owners and Inhabitants of Houses within the said Town and Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof; and that, in order effectually to enable the said Commissioners to fulfil the useful Intentions of the said Act, it will be necessary that Power should be given them to raise a further Sum of Money, and to make a small Increase in the Rates or Assessments, and that the said Act hath been, in some other Respects, found defective, and requires Explanation and Amendment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Honywood, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands " adjacentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Francis Blake, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That the Petitioner may be permitted, by the House, to sketch for their Consideration the Outline of an Arrangement, which takes for its Aim the Political Salvation of this Country, the Happiness of the Community at large, and of every Individual; and which proposes to work its Effect by Means which are apparently both easy, certain, safe, and honourable: And the Petitioner further prayeth, that it may be permitted him to state to the House, for the Purpose of their more ready Determination, the Reasons which have influenced him to suppose the Arrangement in Question to be fraught with the Benefits suggested by him; which are briefly as follow — That, from Sources of Information the best within his Reach, it has appeared, to the complete Satisfaction of the Petitioner, that Trade is not an Object which, by any possible human Contrivance, can be made amenable to the Payment of any Tax that can affect the Parties concerned in its Management, inasmuch as the Parties so concerned can always contrive to relieve themselves by shifting the Weight, which in that Case must ultimately and principally fall upon the Proprietors of Land, who have no such Means of shifting the Weight: That, uniformly, as the Trade of the Nation has more or less flourished, the Territorial Rental has, in like Manner and in some such Proportion, been observed to advance. That, in the Year 1600, the Territorial Rental did not exceed Six Millions per Annum: That, from the Year 1600 to 1688, under all the Difficulties and Distresses of the intervening Space, the Trade of the Country increased, and the Rental advanced from Six to Fourteen Millions per Annum — Computing, therefore, by the vast Increase of Trade from the Period last named to the present Time, comprizing a Series of Years for the most Part favourable, the final Result must be, that the present Rental cannot reasonably be supposed to fall short of Fifty Millions per Annum; which led of Course to the following Conclusions — That the Way to advance the Land is to give every possible Encouragement to Trade — That the Way to depress the Land is to burthen Trade — That to burthen Trade is, in Effect, to burthen Land, besides depressing it — Taking, therefore, the present Territorial Rental at Fifty Millions per Annum — The Funded Rental at Ten Millions — The Two together at Sixty Millions per Annum — The present Payments to Government at Fifteen Millions per Annum — The Pressure of those

Payments

Bill to continue New foundland Judicature Act, presented.

Bill for granting

Duties on

Legacies of

Personal Estates,

presented.

Sir Francis

Blake's

Petition.

30 Geo. 111.

Su Februarii.

301

Payments on the Rental named, as authorized by general Acknowledgment, at Fifteen Shillings in the Pound — the Petitioner proceeded to reason upon those Data, as follows: If it be true that the Territorial and Funded Rental is Sixty Millions Annum — Then

is it true also, that Five Shillings in the Pound on such Rental will raise a Revenue of Fifteen Millions per Annum: If it be true, that we now pay at the Rate of Fifteen Shillings in the Pound to raise a Revenue of Fifteen Millions — Then is it also true, that we pay Ten Shillings in the Pound more than we have any Occasion to pay: If it be true, that the Trading Part of the Nation can always contrive to create for themselves an Exemption from State Burthens — Then is it true also, that the Landed and Funded Proprietors are, and have all along, to their irreparable Loss, been the principal, if not the sole, Paymasters of all Imposts, and, consequently, that little or no Injury will be done to that Body of Men, but that great and lasting Advantage will accrue to them, and to their Posterity, by changing the Mode, as here proposed, of collecting the Revenue: The Petitioner therefore prays, That he may be permitted and authorized to charge his Real Estates with the Payment of 30,000l., or with the Payment of such other Sum, be the same more or less, as may be ascertained by the House to be his proportionate Share of the Public Debt, supposing the said Public Debt to be parcelled out for Payment among the several Proprietors of Lands, Mines, Waters, Tythes, Rents in any Way arising therefrom. Monies so secured, and Public Funds: And the Petitioner further prays, That his said Estates may be made subject to the Payment of Interest on the Sum to be so charged, as above, at the Rate of 4 I. per Cent, or any other Rate of Interest, be the same more or less, which may appear to the House to be his proportionate Share of the Annual Charge of the said Public Debt, supposing the same to be transferred as aforesaid: And the Petitioner further prays, That he may be permitted and authorized to pay, in future, his proportionate Share of the Civil List and Peace Establishment by an Annual Pound Rate, the Quantum of which Pound Rate to be ascertained by the House in like Manner as before has been named: And the Petitioner further prays, That as often as the Exigencies of Government may require a further Aid, he may be permitted and authorized to pay his proportionate Share of the same by such an additional Pound Rate as may be ascertained by the House to be sufficient to accumulate the Sum which would fall to his Lot of Payment, supposing the whole Annual Supply to be raised within the Year, and parcelled out for Payment among the several Proprietors aforesaid: And the Petitioner further prays. That he may be permitted and authorized to make such temporary and such permanent Payments, as have been severally named and assented to on his Part, by Half Yearly Instalments, and that the same may be declared to be accepted in full Satisfaction of his proportionate Share of all Taxes, Customs, Duties, and Parliamentary Imposts, laid already, or which hereafter may be laid, on the Subjects of this Country, or their Concerns.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Mutiny Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Regulation

P4ssw1, of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Sir Pfiilip Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed late Proprietors I'ctition or Holders of Shares in the Rennet and Avon Canal ?j£Inst the Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; tl)*e Setting forth, That the Petitioners became Subscribers the Newbury to the above proposed Canal upon the Faith and Terms and BathCa-that, if at any Time they should think proper to secede na,*&c-from the said Undertaking, they should be at Liberty so to do on forfeiting their Shares, Right, and Interest therein, and all Monies then paid on Account of any Call or Calls that might be made for carrying into Effect the above proposed Canal, for the Benefit and Advantage of the remaining Subscribers or Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Terms are so expressed or implied in the Act of Parliament obtained for effecting such Undertaking; and that the Petitioners, having determined to relinquish arid give up their Shares and Calls they had respectively paid pursuant to the said Act, they have refused and declined to pay the subsequent Calls that have been made by the Committee of Management, under and by virtue of the said Act; and the Petitioners submit they were at Liberty to withdraw from the said Undertaking on the Terms above mentioned, and that they are not, under the said Act, liable to any Suit or Prosecution for the Recovery of the said subsequent Calls; and that the Petitioners have seen a printed Copy of the Bill, now pending in the House, to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making a Navigable Canal from the River " net, at or near the Town of Newbur in the County " of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of " Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described,'' and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, in which is inserted a Clause to compel all Persons whose Names now are and stand in the Register Book, or List of Proprietors of the said Company, as Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, to pay all and every the Call and ('alls made, or to be made, in pursuance of the said Act; and that the Petitioners, on having seen such Clause, served a Notice on the principal Clerk of the said Company, signifying that, having so determined to, and forfeited their Shares and Money paid in the said Undertaking, it was their Request to iiave their Names struck off from the List of Proprietors previous to the passing into a Law such new proposed Clause in the Bill now pending, and which has not been complied with: And therefore praying, That the said Clause, or any other Clause to compel them to pay the Calls made, and to be made, for carrying into Effect the said Canal, may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Hanley Uxbridge, the Right honourable James Bucknell Lord inclosure Viscount Grimston, Edward Buckley Batson, Esquire, "etlt, on-and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish

4 H ' of

Petition to amend Deal Paving, &c. Act.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands, presented.

300 8° Februarii. A. 1796

Palmer, Esquires, Lords of the Manor, or reputed Manor, of West Bonners and within the said

Parish, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, divers Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, and Common Fields, are inconveniently situated for Cultivation; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in, the Premisses, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein, agreeably to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, which Extinguishments of Rights, and such Division and Allotments, would be not only of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premisses, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunhury and Sir John Rous do p epare and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein, and also Owners and Inhabitants of Houses within the said Town and Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof; and that, in order effectually to enable the said Commissioners to fulfil the useful Intentions of the said Act, it will be necessary that Power should be given them to raise a further Sum of Money, and to make a small Increase in the Rates or Assessments, and that the said Act hath been, in some other Respects, found defective, and requires Explanation and Amendment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Honywood, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms: And the same was received;' and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands " adjacentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Francis Blake, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That the Petitioner may be permitted, by the House, to sketch for their Consideration the Outline of an Arrangement, which takes for its Aim the Political Salvation of this Country, the Happiness of the Community at large, and of every Individual; and which proposes to work its Effect by Means which are apparently both easy, certain, safe, and honourable: And the Petitioner further prayeth, that it may be permitted him to state to the House, for the Purpose of their more ready Determination, the Reasons which have influenced him to suppose the Arrangement in Question to be fraught with the Benefits suggested by him; which are briefly as follow — That, from Sources of Information the best within his Reach, it has appeared, to the complete Satisfaction of the Petitioner, that Trade is not an Object which, by any possible human Contrivance, can be made amenable to the Payment of any Tax that can affect the Parties concerned in its Management, inasmuch as the Parties so concerned can always contrive to relieve themselves by shifting the Weight, which in that Case must ultimately and principally fall upon the Proprietors of Land, who have no such Means of shifting the Weight: That, uniformly, as the Trade of the Nation has more or less flourished, the Territorial Rental has, in like Manner and in some such Proportion, been observed to advance. That, in the Year 1600, the Territorial Rental did not exceed Six Millions per Annum :That, from the Year 1600

to 1688, under all the Difficulties and Distresses of the intervening Space, the Trade of the Country increased, and the Rental advanced from Six to Fourteen Millions per Annum — Computing, therefore, by the vast Increase of Trade from the Period last named to the present Time, comprizing a Series of Years for the most Part favourable, the final Result must be, that the present Rental cannot reasonably be supposed to fall short of Fifty Millions per Annum; which led of Course to the following Conclusions — That the Way to advance the Land is to give every possible Encouragement to Trade — That the Way to depress the Land is to burthen Trade — That to burthen Trade is, in Effect, to burthen Land, besides depressing it — Taking, therefore, the present Territorial Rental at Fifty Millions per Annum — The Funded Rental at Ten Millions — The Two together at Sixty Millions per Annum — The present Payments to Government at Fifteen Millions per Annum — The Pressure of those

Payments

Bill to continue New foundland Judicature Act, presented.

Bill for granting

Duties on

Legacies of

Personal Estates,

presented.

Sir Francis

Blake's

Petition.

36 Geo. III.

Payments on the Rental named, as authorized by general Acknowledgment, at Fifteen Shillings in the Pound — the Petitioner proceeded to reason upon those Data, as follows: If it be true that the Territorial and Funded Rental is Sixty Millions Annum — Then

is it true also, that Five Shillings in the Pound on such Rental will raise a Revenue of Fifteen Millions per Annum: If it be true, that we now pay at the Rate of Fifteen Shillings in the Pound to raise a Revenue of Fifteen Millions — Then is it also true, that we pay Ten Shillings in the Pound more than we have any Occasion to pay: If it be true, that the Trading Part of the Nation can always contrive to create for themselves an Exemption from State Burthens — Then is it true also, that the Landed and Funded Proprietors are, and have all along, to their irreparable Loss, been the principal, if not the sole, Paymasters of all Imposts, and, consequently, that little or no Injury will be done to that Body of Men, but that great and lasting Advantage will accrue to them, and to their Posterity, by changing the Mode, as here proposed, of collecting the Revenue: The Petitioner therefore prays, That he may be permitted and authorized to charge his Real Estates with the Payment of 30,000l., or with the Payment of such other Sum, be the same more or less, as may be ascertained by the House to be his proportionate Share of the Public Debt, supposing the said Public Debt to be parcelled out for Payment among the several Proprietors of Lands, Mines, Waters, Tythes, Rents in any Way arising therefrom, Monies so secured, and Public Funds: And the Petitioner further prays, That his said Estates may be made subject to the Payment of Interest 011 the Sum to be so charged, as above, at the Rate of 4 I. per Cent, or any other Rate of Interest, be the same more or less, which may appear to the House to be his proportionate Share of the Annual Charge of the said Public Debt, supposing the same to be transferred as aforesaid: And the Petitioner further prays, That he may be permitted and authorized to pay, in future, his proportionate Share of the Civil List and Peace Establishment by an Annual Pound Rate, the Quantum of which Pound Rate to be ascertained by the House in like Manner as before has been named: And the Petitioner further prays, That as often as the Exigencies of Government may require a further Aid, he may be permitted and authorized to pay his proportionate Share of the same by such an additional Pound Rate as may be ascertained by the House to be sufficient to accumulate the Sum which would fall to his Lot of Payment, supposing the whole Annual Supply to be raised within the Year, and parcelled out for Payment among the several Proprietors aforesaid: And the Petitioner further prays. That he may be permitted and authorized to make such temporary and such permanent Payments, as have been severally named and assented to on his Part, by Half Yearly Instalments, and that the same may be declared to be accepted in full Satisfaction of his proportionate Share of all Taxes, Customs, Duties, and Parliamentary Imposts, laid already, or which hereafter may be laid, on the Subjects of this Country, or their Concerns.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Mutiny Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Regulation

P*8ed" of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Sir Pfiilip Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 51.

301

a

A Petition of the thereunder-signed late Proprietors iVlition or Holders of Shares in the Rennet and Avon Canal a£a,nst the Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; J Setting forth, That the Petitioners became Subscribers tLe Newbury to the above proposed Canal upon the Faith and Terms and BathCa-that, if at any Time they should think proper to secede na,»&c-from the said Undertaking, they should be at Liberty so to do on forfeiting their Shares, Right, and Interest therein, and all Monies then paid on Account of any Call or Calls that might be made for carrying into Effect the above proposed Canal, for the Benefit and Advantage of the remaining Subscribers or Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Terms are so expressed or implied in the Act of Parliament obtained for effecting such Undertaking; and that the Petitioners, having determined to relinquish and give up their Shares and Calls they had respectively paid pursuant to the said Act, they have refused and declined to pay the subsequent Calls that have been made by the Committee of Management, under and by virtue of the said Act; and the Petitioners submit they were at Liberty to withdraw from the said Undertaking on the Terms above mentioned, and that they are not, under the said Act, liable to any Suit or Prosecution for the Recovery of the said subsequent Calls; and that the Petitioners have seen a printed Copy of the Bill, now' pending in the House, to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County " of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of " Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described,'' and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, in which is inserted a Clause to compel all Persons whose Names now are and stand in the Register Book, or List of Proprietors of the said Company, as Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, to pay all and every the Call and Calls made, or to be made, in pursuance of the said Act; and that the Petitioners, on having seen such Clause, served a Notice on the principal Clerk of the said Company, signifying that, having so determined to, and forfeited their Shares and Money paid in the said Undertaking, it was their Request to have their Names struck off from the List of Proprietors previous to the passing into a Law such new proposed Clause in the Bill now pending, and which has.

not been complied with: And therefore praying, That the said Clause, or any other Clause to compel them to pay the Calls made, and to be made, for carrying into Effect the said Canal, may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel and j

Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by 1

their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

7 7 O 1

Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Hanley Uxbridge, the Right honourable James Lord I "closure

Viscount Grimston, Edward Buclcley Batson, Esquire, etltion-and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or Persons interested 1

in, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other t

Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish 1

4 H ‘ of

8U Ftbrua

Petition signifying1 that Notices had been given of the Application for Maidstone Paving, &c. Kill.

Somersham Ileath, &c. In closure Bill, committed.

302

8° Februar

A. 1796.

of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise

ley, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are divided into several small Parcels, intermixed with each other, and the said Commons and Downs are Commonable, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto, and amongst, the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Morton and

Mr. Francis John Brencne, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and " lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the King's Town of stone, in the County of Kent, for removing and " preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, " and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the " said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of ," was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 23d Day of December last, Notices were given at the last Christmas Quarter Session, held for the said County of Kent, and also published Three Times in The London Gazette, and in the Newspaper called Kentish Gazette, in the Month of January, of Application being intended to be made to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such and the like Manner as, by the Standing Orders of the House, Notices are required to be given of Applications relative to Aqueduct, and Paving, Lighting, and Cleansing Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and with such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Honywood,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parish of fVoodhurst, and also the other Commonable Lands within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Reginald Lord Bishop of Bristol, Lee Church Rector of the Parish of Lee, in the County of Kent, and Petition, the humble Petition of the Churchwardens, and several principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is in a very decayed and ruinous State, and too small for the convenient Reception and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and it is necessary the same should be repaired and enlarged, or taken down and re-built upon a more extensive Plan than the present Church; and that it will require a considerable Sum of Money to defray the Charges of repairing and enlarging the said Church* or of taking down and re-building the same, so as to be sufficiently large and commodious for the Reception and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and a Sum of Money cannot be raised sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and enlarging the said Church, or taking down and re-building the same, by such Wap and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Jacksoti, Mr. Hony-xcood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Canal Petition reported.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Topshamand the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Taunton Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That the making of a Canal from the River near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somaset, with the other Cuts therefrom, mentioned in the Petition, would greatly facilitate, and fender less expensive, the Conveyance of all Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and also of Coals,

Iron, Stone, Timber, Lime, Manure, and all other heavy Commodities, and thereby tend to promote and encourage Trade and Agriculture within the said Counties, and be of public Utility: And that it would be further beneficial, if Communications were made with the Canal, and Cuts, by Navigable Cuts, Railways, or Roads from different Collieries and Mines lying near the same, which would reduce the Price of Coals and Lime in those Counties.

That the Communication between the Severn and the British Channel would be rendered more complete and beneficial, if that Part of the River Tone which lies between where the Canal is intended to join that River and Taunton Bridge (about Half a Mile) was cleansed and rendered navigable, and made a Part of the proposed Navigation.

That for supplying the said Canal with Water at all Seasons, it will be necessary to make Reservoirs in the Valley of Culm, in the County of Devon, and to take Water out of the River Culm in Time of Flood, and to make Channels from those Reservoirs, for conveying

the

|0 Februarii.

96 Geo. III. 8° — 9

303

the Water into the Canal as Occasion may require, all of which Works are very practicable.

Mr Henry Skinner confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Rennie, so far as relates to the Utility of the proposed Canal and Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal: And that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Alderman Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Montgomery, A Bill for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-&c. Poor BUI, 8econd Year of His present Majesty, for the better CMnnut ' Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee on high Price of Corn, deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Means, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

deferred. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

deferred. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 9° die Februarii;

their own Expence, are willing and desirous to make and maintain: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to make and maintain the said proposed Navigable Cut or Canal and Reservoir, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Restrictions and Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Sir Edward Littleton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition to Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was presented amend the to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth uai Acts. Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have made and completed a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Run-com Gap, in the County of Chester; and, by virtue of another Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners have also made and completed another Navigable Canal from the said first-mentioned Canal on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County; and that several of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts require Alterations and Amendments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower Sutherland,

Sir Edward Littleton, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Trent and Mersey Canal Extension Petition.

Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1796.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by virtue of Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made and completed a Navi-

fible Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden 'erry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, in the County of Chester, and, by virtue of another Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have also made and completed another Navigable Canal from the said first-mentioned Canal on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County; and that, by Surveys lately mnde and taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the last mentioned Canal near the Village of Endon to the Town of Leek, in the said County of Stafford, which will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town, and of public Utility; and that for supplying the said Canal with Water, a Reservoir may conveniently be made in a certain Vale, called Rudyard Vale, near to the Town of Leek aforesaid, which Canal and Reservoir the Petitioners, at Vo l. 5 1.

A Petition of the Right honourable Anthony Ashley Hinton Mar-Earl of Shaftesbury, on Behalf of himself and others, tel,&c. Inclo-Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons inte- sure elltion‘ rested, in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Hinton Martel, Horton, Woodlands, and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioner and other Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are otherwise inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioner, and the several other Proprietors and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors and Persons interested, and also be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as,

to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered,

304 9° Februarii.

A. 179(5.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ashley do prepare and bring in, the same.

Bradford Pc- A Petition of John Purling, Esquire, and of the verell Inclo- sevc»ral other Persons whose Names are thereunto sub-surt ctition. scrj|)C(|^ oll ]3ej]a|f of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bradford Pcverell, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are otherwise inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several other. Proprietors and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors and Persons interested, and also be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

O c* C? o

the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Everton, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc

Scaftworth, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and melit and1''1*" others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Drainage several Parishes or Townships of Petition. Grin "ley on the Hill, and in

the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said several Parishes or Townships, divers low Meadows or Marsh Grounds, Carrs.Commons, and inclosed Grounds, containing, in the Whole, 6,oooo Acres, or upwards, which are subject to be overflowed, or otherwise annoyed by Water, for Want of proper Banks, Drains, and Outfalls, and are capable of very considerable Improvement, and, if the same were effectually embanked and drained,

> would be of much greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, as well as to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Eduard

Charles Cavendish Benlin: And they are to meet i ' Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

! Papers, and Records.

lillough.Wor. A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates linglwm, and in the Parishes of El/ough, Saint Mary,

Isorth Cove otherwise Great JVorlinghaJVorlingham Saint Petition* otherwise Little JVorlingham, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said

Parishes, divers Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and

Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which are subject to various Rights of Eoldcourse or Sheepwalk, Shaekage, and Common, and are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient to the Owners thereof, and incapable of Improvement; and that it would he of great Advantage to the Parties interested in the said Lands and Grounds if such Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Rous and Sir Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sharrin"tonHolt, Hales in and Saint John's of Carbrook, in the County of Nor-

folk, and Patron of the consolidated Rectory of hamand Sharrington, in the said County, and of the

Parish Churches of Saxlingham and aforesaid, in the said County, and of several other Persons, having Right of Common or Pasturage, or otherwise interested, in the Common and Waste Lands, and Common Fields, within the said Parish of Sharrington, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is One large Open Common, in the said Parish, which, in its present State, yields but little Profit to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein; and that the Common Fields in the said Parish of Sharrington are divided among the Petitioners, and other Persons interested therein, in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but that if the said Common and W'aste Lands, and the said Common Fields, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Common and Waste Lands, and Common Fields, might be cultivated and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Common and Waste, and Common Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart, Sir John JVodehouse, and Mr. Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Laurence, Esquire, and of the several other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or interested in, the Estates, within the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordship, certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

Sharrington

Inclosure

Petition.

Caistor

Inclosure

Petition.

Sir Charles Rich's Estate Bill, reported tad passed.

Aberdeen Canal Petition reported.

Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Company's Petition.

30 UEO. 111. ST lebruarn. 305

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom " the Town of Bolton, and, by another Branch, to or the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act to " near the Town of and to Brook, in the

exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich, Baronet, and " Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lan-Dame Mary Frances his Wife, situate in the County " caster," by virtue of which Act the Petitioners were of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual Sums, authorized to raise and contribute, among themselves, payable during the Life, and for the Benefit, of Sir the Sum of 47,700l., for making and completing the George Rich, Baronet, upon the Terms therein men- said Canal, with the necessary Works and Conveni-tioned, was committed; That the Committee had ex- ences, and also, if Need required, to raise the further amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Sum of 20,000l. for the like Purposes; and that the to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Petitioners have proceeded to cut and make the said their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Canal, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to have made great Progress towards the Completion report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- thereof, and in the Execution of the same, have ex-ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's pended not only the said Sum of 47,700l., but also Table. nearly the said further Sum of 20,000l., both of which

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Sums have been raised among the Petitioners, under

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. the Powers of the Act; and that the Petitioners have

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the caused an Estimate to be made of the Expence of

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed making navigable, and completing, the said Canal,

to the same, without any Amendment. with proper Works and Conveniences, by which it appears, it will require the further Sum of 40,000l. to Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom finish the same, and without which the Petitioners can the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are reap but little Benefit for the Sums already expended, thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the and the Public will be deprived of the Advantages they County of Aberdeen, was referred; That the Committee would otherwise derive from the Use of the said Canal: had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been com- bring in a Bill to authorize and enable the said Complied with; and that the Committee had examined the pany to raise the further Sum of40,000l. for the Pur-Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to poses aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; such Provisions and Regulations, as the House shall and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards think proper.

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the was read; and is as followeth; viz. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Dr. examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as Alexander Dauney being examined, said. That by Sur- it shall appear to them, to the House: veys and Levels made and taken by him, it appears And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Black-practicable to make a Canal navigable for Boats, burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-fJarges, and other Vessels from the Harbour of A her- ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; deen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, commonly called Saint and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Nicholas, through the said Parish, and through the Records. '

Parishes of Old Machar, Newhills, Dyce, Kenneller,

and Kintore, on the South Side of the River Don, and A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Cartmel Tn-into the said River, at or near the Bridge over the ancient Messuages and inclosed Lands within the Parish closure Peti-same, adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury, all of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose tion> within the County of Aberdeen, in North Britain; and Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the that the making and maintaining the same would greatly House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within facilitate, and render more convenient and less expen- the said Parish, several Commons, Waste Grounds, and sive, the Conveyance of all Kinds of Commodities not Mosses, containing, by Estimation, 8,000 Acres, or only to and from the Port of Aberdeen, but also to and thereabouts, and the Petitioners, in respect of their said from the several Towns, Villages, and Places connected ancient Messuages and inclosed Lands, are entitled to with the Line of such Canal, and thereby promote the Right of Common thereon; and that the Right Reverend Improvement and better Cultivation of the inland Father in God William Lord Bishop of Chester, in Parts of the Country, and would be of great Public Right of his said Bishoprick, is Impropriate Rector of Utility. the Parish of Cartmel aforesaid, and as such, entitled

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence, to certain Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within with respect to the Convenience and Utility of the said the said Parish, or certain Payments in lieu thereof;

Canal. and the Right honourable Lord Frederick Cavendish,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for or some Person in Trust for him, is Lessee for Lives, making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the under the said Bishop, of the said Rectory, Tythes, and Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Payments; and that the said Commons or Waste Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to Burgh of Inverury) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the several Persons interested therein if the same were the County of Aberdeen, North Britain: And that Mr. divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave Ferguson and Mr. Robert Barclay do prepare, and bring may be given to bring in a Bill for improving, dividing, ' in, the same. and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and

Mosses, in the said Parish of Cartmel, in such Manner,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to meet.

Bury, under their Corporate Seal, was presented to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that passed, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackbume do prepare, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and and bring in, the same.

" maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to

" or near Presto-lec Bridge, in the Township of Little A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- ThorpAudlii " Lever, and from thence, by one Branch, to or near unto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Common indoaure P* V01.51. 41 Right t,twn-

Petition to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons.

Mreetway, Volver-mmpton, nd NVordsley irreen Gate I oads Peti-|on.

r

3Ut> 9U tcbruam. 1796.

Right Houses, and Frontsteads, and of Lands and Grounds in the Township of Thorp Audlin, in the Parish of Badsworth, in the County of York, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Buttons, and of the Merchants and Factors dealing in that Article, in the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the manufacturing and vending of Metal Buttons, particularly of Plated and Gilt Buttons, has for many Years been One of the principal and most increasing Branches of Trade in the said Town, and in which many Thousands of Men, Women, and Children, have been, and still are employed, and great Quantities of such Goods have been sent to Foreign Markets; and that it hath lately been discovered that great Frauds and Deceits have been practised in the marking of Metal Buttons, which were neither Gilt nor Plated, with the Words, " Gilt" or " Plated," or other Words or Marks, intimating, contrary to the Truth, that the same were Gilt or Plated, to the great Injury of the Purchasers, and by which the Honour and Credit of the Merchants, Factors, and Manufacturers, hath been lessened in the Opinion of Foreigners, and the Use and Wear of Gilt and Plated Buttons are greatly diminished both at Home and Abroad, and if such fraudulent Practices are suffered to continue, the said valuable Manufacture may ultimately be lost to this Country; and that the Laws now in being are not sufficient to check those growing wrong Practices: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing of the Road leading from the Road called Streetway, through Wolverhampton, to Green Gate, and

several other Roads, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, being the Second District of the Roads comprized in certain Acts of Parliament, of the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the Roads within the said District, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein; and that if a new Carriage

Road was made from the Bottom of Hall Street, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, at, or near, a Dwelling House, in the Possession of Dunton and Turner, to join the said Turnpike

Road, called The Second District, at, or near, a Place called Smethwick, in the Parish of Harborne, in the said County of Stafford, it would open a nearer and more convenient Communication between the Town of Birmingham and the Towns of Dudley and Stourbridge, and also between Birmingham and Bridgnorth, and the several manufacturing Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said Second District of Roads, and for opening and making such new Road as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Crewe, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Reymer-certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, ^"j'ncWm within the several Parishes of Reymerstone,

Cranworth, and Southbergh, alias Barrcrw, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the several Parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, Cranworth, and Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Northnew-Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields ‘"g10" and Commonable Land lying within the Fields, Liber- sure Petltiun‘ ties, and Precincts of Northnewington, otherwise North-newton, in the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie open and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the respective Estates of all Persons interested therein, if the said Lands were to be divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments made to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Land, and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners, and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the same, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem necessary or expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Bank, or Fund, Million Bwk called The Million Bank, was presented to the House, Petition, and read; Setting forth. That, by certain Indentures, bearing Date respectively the 19th Day of July and the 19th Day of February 1695, divers Persons agreed to erect the said Bank or Fund for certain Purposes

therein

36 Geo. III.

9° Februarii.

307

therein mentioned, to be founded upon certain Annuities, and Parliamentary or other good Securities, and several Sums of Money had been subscribed as a Capital Stock or Fund for carrying on such Undertaking, which was to continue for 199 Years, to be computed from the 10th Day of June then last, unless sooner determined by the Order and Consent of the Proprietors having at least Two-third Parts of the said Capital Stock for the Time being, or by some inevitable Accident or Means, and that, in all General Meetings of the said Proprietors, every Person having at the least 300 /. equitable Interest or Credit in the said Capital Stock or Fund, or other additional Stocks or Funds, in his or her own Name and Right, shall have One Vote only, and shall or may at such Meeting personally, and for themselves only, bring and deliver his, her, or their respective Votes in Writing; and it is, by the said Indentures, further agreed, that, at the Expiration or other sooner Determination of the said Term of 199 Years, the said Capital Stock, and such Part of the Profits thereof as should not have been before divided amongst the Proprietors, shall be then divided amongst them in Proportion to each Proprietor's Interest at that Time in the said Capital Stock and Profits; and that the Capital Stock of the said Bank or Fund is 500,000l. That the said Million Bank Society purchased the Reversions (expectant upon the Determination of certain Lives) of divers Exchequer Annuities for the Remainder of a Term of 96 Years, by the falling in of which Annuities the Society have been enabled, for several Years past, to make a Dividend of Five per Cent, per Annum, and for the last Half Year an extraordinary additional Dividend of Ten Shillings per Cent, upon the said Capital Stock, and, by investing the Surplus of such Annuities in Government and other Public Securities, there is a large Accumulation upon the said Capital Stock; and that the said Term of 96 Years expired on the 5th Day of February 1792, from which Time the Business of the said Bank has wholly consisted in the Receipt of the Dividends becoming payable upon the Stocks and Securities composing the said Capital Stock or Fund, and the Accumulations thereof, and in the Payment to the Petitioners of their Dividends upon the said Capital Stock or Fund, and in the Investment of the Surplus of such Dividends, so received, in Government or other Securities; and that the Expence of conducting the Business of the said Society is between Six and Seven Hundred Pounds per Annum, and no Profit now results to the Petitioners from the Continuance of the said Bank or Fund, but on the contrary (besides the above Annual Expence of Management) the Petitioners Property therein is subject to Loss upon every Sale thereof, the same producing considerably less in Proportion than their Shares in the Securities, in which the said Capital Stock of the said Bank or Fund, would produce, was the said Capital Stock or Fund divided amongst them, the Petitioners have therefore come to a Resolution, that it will be expedient to dissolve the said Society or Undertaking, which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dissolving the said Society or Undertaking, and to authorize and direct the Division of the Property thereof amongst the Petitioners, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests of and in the said Capital Stock or Fund, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That 'the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Appear to them, to the House:

And it fs referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, The Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the

Petition to confirm the Division and Inclosure of Blatherwick Open Fields.

Vol. 51.

Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry O'Brien, of Blatherwick, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Blatherwick aforesaid, several old inclosed Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioner, and there are also several Lands and Grounds which were heretofore Open Field Lands, Part whereof was Glebe Land, belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, but the said Open Field Lands have long since been divided and inclosed, and Part thereof was set out to the Rector, in Lieu of his Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and the same is now held and enjoyed by him, free from all Right of Common of the Petitioner, and the Remainder belongs to the Petitioner, and is held and enjoyed by him, free from all Right of Common of the said Rector; and that, as well the Part of the said Field Lands, which belong to the Petitioner, as also the said old inclosed Lands and Grounds, are subject to the Payment of Tythes, both great and small, or certain Moduses or other Payments in Lieu of Tythes, to the Rector of the said Parish; and that the confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of the said Field Lands, and the Extinguishment of the Right of Common thereon, and exonerating all the Lands and Estates of the Petitioner within the said Parish from Payment of Tythes, and all Moduses and other Payments in Lieu of Tythes, upon making proper Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in Lieu thereof, would be of great Convenience to the Petitioner, and of considerable Benefit to the Rector: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Topshamand Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Taunton River Ere, near the Town of Topsham, in the County CanalPi11' of Devon ,to the River Tone, near the Town of presen

Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Northam thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and Bridge Pe-read; Setting forth, That at present there is no direct tMMI' Communication, except by a Ferry, over the River Ilchin, between Southampton, the several Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, lying on the Eastern Side of the said River, Botley, Tilchfield, Wickham, Fareham, Gosport, the Towns of Portsmouth and Portsea, Havant, Emsworth, the City of Chichester, and various other Parts of the Counties of Southampton and Sussex', and that, from the Violence of the Wind and Seas, the Passage over the said Ferry is often dangerous, and frequently rendered impassable, and the said Communication at Times impracticable, by reason whereof great Inconvenience, Difficulty, and Loss, have repeatedly happened; and that, from the great Increase of, and still increasing, Population and Trade of the Town of Southampton, and its Neighbourhood, and from the Vicinity thereof to, and extensive Intercourse between, the several Places before-mentioned, the building of a Bridge at or near Norlham, within the Liberties of the said Town, to the opposite Shore, and the opening of Public Roads to communicate therewith, at each

End

Harlington

Inclosure

Petition.

Swansea

Lighthouse

Petition.

308 9° FebruariA. 1796.

End of such Bridge, is become a Work of great Public Necessity, and will, in a very essential Manner, contribute not only to the Advantage, Convenience, and Accommodation, of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Southampton, and its Neighbourhood, and all Persons travelling to and from the several Places aforesaid, as well as to and from various Parts of the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Wilts, Hants, and Sussex, but to the Public in general, by opening a short, safe, and commodious Communication between the several Counties and Places aforesaid, and thereby preventing and avoiding the Delays, Difficulties, and Losses, which have been so frequently experienced from the Danger and Impossibility of passing the said Ferry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southa, and for making, maintaining, and repairing, the several Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, Junior, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Harlington, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such* Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Whitbread, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Morgan, John Morris, and Catoert Richard Jones, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, that the Trustees by the stud Act appointed, should have Power to erect a sufficient Building at, or near. The Mumbles, within the Port of Swansea, for keeping a Coal or other Light, and to keep such Light burning, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; and that such Building hath been erected, and Light kept burning, which has afforded great Protection and Security to Vessels navigating those Parts, and particularly in the recent and most tempestuous Weather, but the Provisions made for supporting the same, have been

found very inadequate to defray the Expence, even in its present State, nor can the Light be continued much longer without further Provisions for that Purpose; and that, as the said Light is capable of such additional Improvements as to be rendered of general Advantage and Protection to all Ships and Vessels navigating the Bristol Channel, the Petitioners are earnestly desirous of being enabled to make such Improvements permanent ana effectual: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Hobart, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Agriculture Society at Manchester, at an especial General Meeting duly convened and held, the 19th Day of January 1796, at the Bridgewater Arms in Manchester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Society, strongly impressed with a Sense of the Wisdom and Necessity of employing, with Energy and Effect, every practicable Means to promote and improve the Agriculture of Great Britain, the greatest of all Manufactures, and, under Providence, the truest Source of our National Wealth, Security, and Peace, think it their Duty, at this Time, to express to the House their unanimous Concurrence in recommending to its serious and immediate Attention the several Plans, suggested by the Board of Agriculture, for the General Inclosure and Improvement of the Waste Lands of this Kingdom, which Measure, under proper and equitable Regulations, the said Society is convinced will be a powerful Means to produce, in Times to come, an adequate and certain Supply of Wheat and other Provisions, and thus prevent that precarious Dependence on foreign Supply, or that distressing Scarcity which are now so deeply felt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William Hulton, Esquire, Peter Ras-botliam, Sir John Moseley, Baronet, Richard Hardman,

Peter Seddon, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the several Hamlets or Divisions of Fanrworth and Kersley, within the Townships of Fanrworth, Rumworth, and Kersley, in the Parish of Dean, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlets or Divisions, divers Waste Grounds, amounting to 300 Acres, or thereabouts, which now lie Waste and uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as the Whole, or the greatest Part thereof, may be converted into Plowing or Meadow Land: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Farnworth and Kersley aforesaid inclosed, divided, and allotted, by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, unto and amongst the Petitioners and the rest of the Land Owners, in Farnworth and Kersley aforesaid, who have Right of Common thereon, in Proportion to their Inlands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr.. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

Petition from the Agriculture Society at Manchester, in favour of a General Inclosure Bill.

Farnworth and Kersley Inclosure Petition.

Bolton " the

Moon,

Roto*

Petition.

Clitheroe Mid Salford Bridge Road Petition, reported.

DO Aj£0. 111.

y peoruam.

d\jv

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of the Turnpike Roads hereafter mentioned, and also Mortgagees of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present- Majesty, for repairing " and widening the Roads from a certain Place near " Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the " Guide Post, near Golbourne Dale, and to the South " End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide " Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks,

" to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads,

" except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale " to Winwick; " and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, the greatest Part whereof still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are further continued, certain Exemptions from Tolls in the same Act taken away, some of the Tolls altered and increased, and the said last mentioned Act, in other Respects, amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, extending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said last mentioned Act, and for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thermos Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the " Market Cross, in the Township of Clitheroe, to " Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as. followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Carr, Junior, being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, and expended on the Repairs of the said Road, which still remains due and owing: That the said Act is in many Respects defective and insufficient, and the Term thereby granted nearly expired, so that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged.

Vol. 51.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ana enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the " Market Cross, in the Township of Clitheroe, to " Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster'And that Mr.

Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Henshall's others, residing in, and near to, the Towns of Nether £mijhy'&c' Knutsford, Northwick, and Altrincham, in the County p^ti*n. of Chester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from HcnshalCs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Hill, to the

Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklaw Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester, and also, by another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, several Tolls or Duties, and Powers, were regulated by the said Acts for repairing the said Road, for and during all the Residue then to come and unexpired of the Term by the said first-mentioned Act granted, and from and after the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Five Years, according to the Tenor of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment and Preser-

vation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads " of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto," and from and after the said additional Term of Five Years, then for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have, from Time to Time, borrowed Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and thereby, and with the Tolls arising upon the same, have repaired the said Turnpike Road, and there is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, several considerable Sums of Money; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money owing upon the Credit thereof repaid, unless the said Act, and the Tolls, Duties, and Powers thereby granted, be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Black-bume, 8cc.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Me. William Smith reported from the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan, and who were empowered to report the Evidence, as it should appear to them, to the House; That the Committee had enquired into the -Matter to them referred, and agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him. to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an

4 K Appendix

Report from Committee appointed to enquire imo the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the Loan.

310 . 9° Februani. A. 1796.

Report respecting the Negotiations for the Loan.

Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth;

The Select Committee appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan; and who were empowered to report the Evidence, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

Have proceeded to enquire into the Matter to them referred; and have determined to report the Evidence in the Form in which it has been taken, except that they have forborne to insert in their Report the Lists of the Persons among whom the Contractors or Subscribers appear to have distributed Portions of their respective Shares of the Loan; because it has been represented that the Disclosure of the Names in those Lists may, in some Instances, be prejudicial to the Mercantile Interests of the Parties; and because, on Inspection of the Lists, as well as from the Examination of the Parties, your Committee see no Ground to suppose, that any Interference took place on the Part of any Persons connected with Government in the Distribution of any Part of the Loan.

The Evidence is as follows:

Jovis, 17° die Dec 1795.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

James Morgan, Esquire, called in, and examined. Question

I ‘ — Did you offer yourself to contract for the late Loan?

Yes.

2. Will you state the Circumstances which led you to make that Offer, and what passed relative thereto ?

On Friday the 23d of October Mr. Godschall Johnson called on me at s Coffee House, to

acquaint me, that he and Mr. Angerstein did not intend to be concerned in forming any List for the Loan — he mentioned his ill State of Health as one Reason, and I understood from his Conversation, that it was his Opinion, that Mr. Boyd would have the Loan: In consequence of this, I told him, I had no Intention of forming a List for the Loan, nor had made any Kind of Arrangement — Mr. Johnson observed further, that he and Mr. Angerstein would be in Mr. Boyd's List, and told me, if it was agreeable I might have a Part with them; which I declined, as no Sum was 1 mentioned, and observed, if Mr. Boyd were to have

| it, that I had no Doubt I should have an Opportunity

! of having as much as I thought proper for myself

through my Friends — This Conversation strengthened I very much the Rumour, that Mr. Boyd would have the Loan by private Agreement, and that it would not come to public Competition — I considered this the next Two Days very much indeed; and on the Monday (the 26th) I went to Town, and called on the Governor at the Bank — It struck me, that Mr.,

( MeUish*s forming a List appeared some Contradiction

to what Mr. Johnson had said, and the Rumour of the \ private Agreement; because I thought Mr. Mellish,

being so connected, as being a Bank Director, must in ' all Probability know what had passed with the Chan-

i cellor of the Exchequer, and the Governor of the

> Bank, relative to the Disposal of the Loan — I asked the Governor of the Bank, relative to the Knowledge he had of the Intention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer — I mentioned the Rumours that were Abroad on the one Hand, and then the Circumstance of Mr. Meliish having formed a List. — The Governor

i replied, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had

! always said, Competition, whenever he had spoken to

{ him on the Subject, but still he had great Doubts on

| his Mind about it — there was a something — he did

not explain that something — that Mr. Boyd and his Party seemed to be confident, of having it — I told him

that 1 had been very much applied to, to Open a List, and therefore I wished to hear from him, whether there was a Probability of a Competition. — The next Day I called on the Governor of the Bank again, and had more Conversation on the same Grounds and same Terms — I then told him I should make up my Mind positively by the next Day at about One o'Clock.

— On the 28th of October I called on him again, and then told him that I was determined to make a List — the Conversation then was, as it had been before, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer always said, Competition — He (the Governor) then expressed, in a very strong Manner, again his Doubts on the Competition, and that it would go to Mr. Boyd, and that I should be disappointed — there was something or another — he never mentioned what, that would be brought forward to prevent its going to a Competition — he mentioned the Circumstance of some Conversation that had passed at the Time of the Agreement for the last Loan, relative to fixing the Time of the last Payment, as some Argument for not bringing forward a Loan in the Course of the Year — but he did not consider this in the Course of our Conversation as any Pledge or Contract on the Part of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, nor did he consider it as of any Weight, to give Mr. Boyd any Claim of Preference. —

I went on with the List, ana on the 29th opened it publicly — I had private Intimations, confidential ones, that I could rely on, that Mr. Boyd's Party were constantly assured of having the Loan — I considered

w o

that if there was any Thing brought forward to prevent a Competition, that it would be on the Ground of making a Provision for the Emperor, and therefore I thought it proper, on the Part of my Subscribers, to guard against such an Event — and on the 16th of November', I wrote the Chancellor of the Exchequer a Letter.

[Copy of which was delivered in, and read, and is annexed, by way of Appendix, N° 1.]

On Friday, the 20th of November, I was informed by the Governor of the Bank, that it was the Desire of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that the Parties meaning to bid for the Loan, should attend in Dawning Street, the following Monday, at Twelve o'Clock, if the Governor did not receive any Notice to the contrary. — The next Day I called on the Governor, and found there was no Alteration: and on Monday I attended in Downing Street, where I was then acquainted, that the Governor had been informed that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was not prepared for meeting the Gentlemen that Day, and that the Meeting was postponed to Wednesday — The Governor and

Deputy Governor did attend on Monday — After their Return into the City, the Governor of the Bank sent for me, and told me that the Amount of the Loan would be Eighteen Millions at the least, and that he had expressly put the Question to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, if he meant that the Loan should be disposed of by Competition ? — he mentioned it in this kind of Way — that there appeared to be Doubts about it, and he wished him, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to say if it was to be so — the Answer of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was. " most certainly; " which the Governor of the Bank communicated to me officially, as Governor of the Bank — I felt then, and begun to understand, in a greater Degree than I had ever done before, that the Governor of the Bank believed that it would be disposed of by Competition — he told me at the same Time, that we were to attend on the following Wednesday, at the Chancellor of the Exchequer's at Twelve o'Clock, in order to hear the Particulars that are generally communicated on such Occasions prior to the Bidding; such as the actual Amount of the Loan, and other Arrangements of the Budget. — On the Tuesday Evening I had a / Notice from the Secretary of the Treasury to attend on the next Day, to wit, Wednesday, at Twelve o'Clock.

I attended

36 Geo. III. 99 Fetmiarii. 311

I attended then, and was in the Room with the other Gentlemen, who were, Mr. and his Party,

namely, Mr. Abraham Goldsmid Mr. E. Mr. liobarts, and Mr. Aislabie: And also the Two Mr. Mellishes, who. had a separate List from Mr. Boyd's and mine. — After waiting abput an Hour, a Messenger came in from the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Mr. Boyd and Mr. Robarts, and they withdrew. — After some Time they returned, and Mr. Boyd mentioned that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would soon be ready for us; and we were soon after shewn into the other Room, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer came to us, with the Two Secretaries of the Treasury, and opened the Business, by first enquiring how many Lists there were, when he was informed there were Three Parties. — He then observed, that previous to entering upon the Business, he would communicate the Application made to him, or Memorial, by Mr. Boyd, relative to a Claim that he and his Party set up in consequence of a Conversation which had passed at the making of the last Loan — he then begun to read this Memorial, which set forth that they conceived themselves entitled to have a Lease of the Money Market (if such an Expression might be used) or something of that Kind — The Chancellor of the Exchequer did not read out the Whole of the Memorial, but begun to make some Observations, and I made some Observations on it, by observing, that if there was any Agreement not to bring forward a Loan it must concern the Public, the then Holders of the former Loan, who were the Persons that would be injured by bringing forward another Loan, and did not justify any Claim of Preference on Behalf of the Contractors, and that they (the Contractors) appeared to me to be highly blameable, instead of deserving a Preference, for promoting in any Manner the bringing forward of the Loan before the Expiration of the Agreement, if there was any such — Other Gentlemen made Observations upon it; Mr. Goldsmid mentioned the Circumstance, that at the Time of the Agreement of the last Loan, Mr. E- P. Salomons did propose to extend the last Payment to February, but that somebody had answered, No, because it may interfere with the Loan of next Year. Thereupon the Chancellor of the Exchequer expressed himself that he did not wish to have any Debate upon it, but that he considered there was no Obligation, although there might be a Degree of Consideration due to it. — He said, he wished to know of Mr. Mellish and Mr. , if

they would agree to bid for the Loan on the Condition that Mr. Boyd should have the Option of taking the Bargain at an Half per Cent. Premium. — Mr. Mellish said it was impossible for him to give an Answer to a Proposal put to him SO unexpectedly without first consulting his priends. — I objected to it without any Hesitation whatever — r I could not entertain it for a Moment — that I could not consent to bid under any Restraint of that Kind, and that it was going from Competition, and would injure the Contract — Then it was intimated, as I understood, that our Stay was unnecessary (to wit, Mellishes and and Messrs.

Mellishes immediately got up, and walked out of the Room, and I followed them.

Withdrew.

Abraham Howland, Esquire, Cashier of the Bank, presented, pursuant to the Order of the Committee, a Paper, intituled,

Copies of the different Lists of the Subscribers to " the Loan for the Service of the Year 1796, as " sent into the Bank by the Contractors for the " same." Which Paper was read, and is annexed in Appendix, N* 2.

Vol. 51.

Mr. Morgan being again called in, proceeded !in his

Examination as follows:

I would remark, that I had received no Notice or Intimation of any Kind, either before or at that Meeting, that the Loan would be disposed of before Friday the 27th; and therefore it was with Astonishment that the next Morning, to wit, Thursday, I heard that the Loan was disposed of the Day before; after 1 left Dawning Street. — Here ends my Narrative.

I would further remark, that I have understood that it has been set forth as a Matter of Custom and Practice, that the Subscribers to a Loan are entitled to a Preference in any Loan that might be brought forward before the Payments are completed on the former Loan — I mean to declare, positively, as a Man of Experience, that no such Custom or Practice has ever existed, QT ever was before thought of — I was one of foe Contractors for the Loan in the Year 1794, with Mr. Johnson and Mr. Angerstein — Before we went to

meet the Chancellor of the Exchequer, at the previous Meeting to the Bidding, tP settle the Preliminaries, I bad prepared in Writing several Questions to be put to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which the Gentlemen with whom I acted approved of, and they were put — the material One was — If any other Money was to be borrowed our raised in the Course of the Year? — I had not in View then, in putting that Question, atiy Thing respecting borrowing any Money for the Emperor; but in consequence of the Applications that had been before made to me, on the Possibility of borrowing Money for the King of Sardinia — If there had been a Custom or Practice existing, such as before alluded to, I should not have thought it necessary to put such a Question; and with regard to any Claim that may be now brought forward on the Ground of the Payments in a former Loan not being completed, the Contract for the Loan in December 1794 was brought forward before the last Payment which was made on the pre-. ceeding Loan, which was to be made on the 13th of January 1795; and we, the Contractors of the former Loan, contracted for in February 1794, to wit, Johnson, Angerstein, and myself, as Contractors, did not consider ourselves entitled, or entertain a Thought of claiming any Preference on that Account, although we very strongly solicited to be Competitors for the Loan for the Service of the Year 1795.

3. Did you not think that Messrs. Boyd and Co. would be as much injured in Proportion to the -. turn of the former Loan remaining undisposed of, as any other Holder of Parts of the former Loan at that Time?

Undoubtedly, every One that holds must be alike.

I would wish to add, that it has been mentioned that the Scrip Receipts, not having been written into the Books, was some Ground of Argument for a Preference;

I observe, previous to the Contract in December 1794, there were considerable Sums in Scrip Receipts outstanding, and I have known it to be so for Six and Nine Months in other Years.

Bv, previous to the Contract in December 1794, I mean about a Week previous.

'4. By whom was it intimated, at the Chancellor of the Exchequer's, that you were directed to withdraw?

By the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself. — -I desire to add, that on the Wednesday following, the 2d of December, the Chancellor of the Exchequer

fully explained that it was not his Intention that Mr. Mellish and myself should bear, the Particulars of his Budget, because we did not consent to his Proposal and therefore could not be competent to bid for the Loan.

5. At

Inquiry re- ' 8 pec ting the Loan.

Enquiry respecting the Loan.

312 9® Februarii. . 1796.

5. At the Meeting on the Wednesday, at the Chancellor of the Exchequer's, did you then understand at what time the Letter or Memorial from Messrs. Boyd, had been sent to and received by the Chancellor of the Exchequer ?

I think, but am not certain, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer said the Day before; but on the Wednesday following, he explained it to have been received on Tuesday Night, the 24th, after his Return from the House of Commons.

6. Was any Observation made, or Explanation given, at the Meeting of the 25th, respecting the Circumstance of Messrs. Boyd not having preferred this Claim of Preference before the preceding Evening?

None, as I recollect.

7. You have said, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer, when he had read a Part of the Memorial, and Observations had been made upon it, said, " that he did not admit it to be an Obligation, al- though Messrs. Boyd might be entitled to some Con-'* sideration;" you are desired to inform the Committee, whether Messrs. Boyd, or any of their Party, urged any Argument in Answer, to maintain that Right of Preference, which they have stated in the Memorial or Letter, or whether they seemed to acquiesce in the Statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

There was no Argument whatever, after the Observation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, from any Person — the Observations had been all before from several of the Parties — the Chancellor of the Exchequer had expressed himself, that he did not wish to have a Debate, and then concluded by saying, that he did not admit it to be an Obligation, although Messrs. Boyd might be entitled to some Consideration.

8. Did Messrs. Boyd make any Objection to this Statement?

No — there was not another Word passed.

9. Did you leave the Room with an Impression that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not acquiesced in the Claim of Preference, made on the Part of Messrs. Boyd and Co. ?

Undoubtedly.

10. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer say any Thing else, but what you have already stated, to give you that Impression ?

Not the least.

11. Did you consider yourself as having made a precise Condition with the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Loan of February 1794, that there should be no other borrowing or raising of Money within the Year?

Certainly I did, ana I acted up to it; when the Imperial private Loan was brought forward, I gave public Notice of the Agreement that was made.

12. Did you, previous to your giving that public Notice, make any Application to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on that Subject?

No — not the least; because I at that Time considered that it had not his Countenance.

13. Had you ever any Intimation that the Condition which you asserted to have been Part of your Bargain with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in making the Loan in February 1794, was controverted or disputed on the Part of die Chancellor of the Exchequer ?

I never had; but I had Intimation that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had sent for Mr. Johnson and Mr. Angerstein on the Subject, regarding their not having first acquainted him before they made the Publication.

14. From whom had you had that Intimation?

I heard it from Mr. Johnson.

15. Did Mr. Johnson or Mr. Angerstein make any Communication to you, to lead you to suppose that the Chancellor of the Exchequer did not admit your Statement of this Condition in the Bargain ?

None — the Statement was confirmed by a great many Individuals that were present at the making of the Bargain after the Publication, and I never heard it disputed to this Hour.

16. Should you, excepting on the Ground of this express Condition, as you understood it to be, have thought yourself authorized to make the Objection, and give the public Notice which you have stated ?

I should never have entertained a Thought of it.

17. Did you object to the Negociation of the Loan with Messrs. Boyd and Co. in December following ?

Not in the least.

18. Why did you not?

Because I considered our Loan as wound up, and I always followed the true Intent of the Question put, to wit, the Probability of a Foreign Loan for the King of Sardinia.

19. In the Conversation with the Governor of the Bank on the 28th of October, did you understand the Governor to allude to any other Motive, as operating on the Mind of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, exclusive of the Circumstance of the last Payment on the preceding Loan not having been completed ?

Beyond all Doubt whatever, and that was no Part of it; particularly it was stated by the Governor of the Bank to me, an important Money Negotiation, amounting to 900,000l., and this was stated not once but repeatedly, and on that Ground it. was stated, that Mr. Boyd would have the Loan, and that I should be disappointed.

20. State the Whole of the Conversation between you and the Governor of the Bank on that Subject?

He had always expressed Doubts about the Competition, on the Ground of the Confidence he had always observed in Mr. Boyd and his Party, that they should have the Loan; and as I have stated before, an important Money Negotiation, in which, it was understood, that Mr. Boyd had greatly assisted the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

21. Is that the Whole of the Conversation, or did any Thing more pass ?

That is the Substance, in short, that I should be tricked — these Words were used.

22. Whose Words were those ?

The Governor of the Bank's — The Reply that I constantly made was, that I should do my utmost to be well prepared for Competition; and if I was precluded, it should not be my Fault.

23. Was the Result of the several Conversations with the Governor of the Bank, an Impression in your Mind, that there would be no Competition ?

It was certainly and positively, that there would be no Competition, but that I should be deceived.

24. When was that Impression first on your Mind ?

From Monday the 26th of October, when I first

had the Communication with the Governor of the Bank, and until Monday the 23d of November — I had never an Abatement of that Impression till the 23d of November.

25. When did you first determine to make your List?

The 28th of October.

26. Did you then solicit Persons, or take Pains to form that List, and when was it completed ?

I never solicited at all — there was no Opening

or

36 Geo. 111. y~

oto

or Occasion for me to solicit — I made Communication of opening my List to some particular Friends,'and waited till Monday Night following for their Answer — the List was begun the 28th, but not publicly till the 29th, and on the Tuesday following, the first Stage, to wit, for Fifteen Millions, was completed.

27. Did you, after that Day, admit any fresh Persons on your List?

Yes; for One Million more.

28. Have you any Objection to delivering in the List?

Respecting myself, not the least; but I submit to the Committee, whether it will be proper for me, as a confidential Agent in an important Transaction for honourable Purposes, to make known my List, and particularly as it has not had an Opportunity of obtaining the Loan — I would not wish to be understood to have an Inclination to evade the Establishment of the Truth, and will, if required by the Committee, deliver in my List sealed.

29. Had you obtained the Loan, would your List have been delivered in to the Bank, with the Names of all the real Subscribers in it ?

No — because I have actually agreed to take 10 per Cent, being the first Payment, in certain Cases, without knowing the Names — And in a great many others, upon receiving the 10 per Cent, as has been practised before, (to suffer the Sums to remain in my own Name, as it was in the Loan of 1794, when I had a Third of it.

30. In the List which you offer to deliver in, sealed up, do you mean to insert the Names of all the Persons you know on your List, except those who desire to be kept back on religious Principles ?

No, certainly not.

31. Would the List, which you offer to deliver in to the Committee, if required, contain all the Names which you know of the real Subscribers to your Loan, except the Names of those who wish to conceal their Names on religious Scruples ?

No — I have agreed with many that their Subscriptions should stand under my Name, and had received in Part the First Payment of such Persons} there are others that I have not so agreed to conceal, but whose Names I was to receive previous to the Bidding.

32. On what Authority did you rest your Belief on the 29th of October that Mr. Boyd, would have the Loan?

On confidential Information, which I constantly received up to Tuesday the 24th of November. — At the public Meeting of the Subscribers I took Notice of it in the Manner that I do now, and observed, that the Gentleman who gave me the Information was in the Room and heard me. — I did that with a View that I might not be understood to allude to any Body that was not present, but I would not give up his Name upon any Consideration.

33. On what Day was that Meeting of the Subscribers held ?

It was Monday following \Jie Meeting in Downing Street when the Bidding was rejected.

34. Did you, at the Time of opening your List, or prior to that Meeting, communicate to your Subscribers the Impression upon your Mind that there would be no Competition ?

To some it is very likely that I did; but in general I observed as a Rule to say but little to any body, but to hear all from every body; and I did hear generally from all Persons that that Idea was understood.

35. Did you receive any Money as Part of the First Inquiry repayment from the Subscribers to your List? Loan!"* 1116

From many, but not all.

Withdrew.

Mr. Boyd's Letter to the Right honourable William Pitt, See. &c. dated , November 24th 1795, claiming a Preference to the Negotiation for the Loan, was delivered in to the Committee and read, and is inserted in Appendix, N* 3.

Veneris, 18° dieDecembris 1795.

Mr. Morgan again called in, and examined.

In Explanation to my Answer Yesterday, relative to completing the first Stage of my List for Fifteen Millions, I mean to say, that the List was actually concluded on the Tuesday, but on Saturday the 31st I had not received the Answer I expected; and finding that my List got very forward, I was under some Apprehension that I should have but very little Room in case the Offer I had mentioned should be accepted, and therefore I stopped setting down Names, and made known to the People that I was so situated that I could not set down any more till I had received the Answer which I was hourly in Expectation of — The verbal Applications that were made to me I answered in that Manner; and to those that I had received Letters from (which were in great Numbers) I made known publicly at Garraways, on Saturday the 31st of October, that the Letters I then received were not to be considered as agreed to by me — that if the Answer I received should not engage the Subscription, which I expected, that then I should immediately fill up my List from the Letters, and from the Applications as they first came to me — I at that time considered my List complete, or nearly so, by one or other of the Means.

On Reflection, I am of Opinion, that it is improper for me to deliver in my List in any Manner, sealed or not sealed, because the Public are not interested therein, nor concerned in any respect with regard to the forming of it, or. the Names that may or may not be inserted in it, because I was not allowed to act upon it; and moreover, if I had been allowed to have come to a Bidding, it would not have been a Question to me whether I had a List, or how it was formed, or who was in it; but before my Proposal could be received, I should be questioned respecting my Security for. making the Deposit, and I should, according to my Intentions, have made known, that I should have deposited at the Bank 3, or 4, or 500,000l. or whatever more might have been required — I could have gone to any Thing; and that also I should have been prepared with other Security, personal, if it should have been required. — I wish to remark, that what I was to have obtained was a Ix>an by being the highest Bidder.

36. Are you positively determined to refuse giving in your List in the Manner you Yesterday proposed ?

At present I am.

37. When may the Committee expect your final Determination on that Point, if they should judge it important to have it delivered in ?

It is impossible for me to answer that — I have made up my Mind, considering that the Public are not interested in the List, or concerned in any Manner whatever.

38. If the Committee should express to you, that they are of Opinion that the Public are interested in your giving in the List, would you then deliver it in ?

The Question being objected to, the Witness was directed to withdraw.

4 L And

r

A. 1796.

314

9U Februa

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

k

And being again called in, he was acquainted, that the Committee had'come to a Resolution, That it is of essential Importance to the Public that he would deliver in his List.

And he was asked; '

39. Will you produce your List in consequence of this Resolution of the Committee ?

With all Deference to the Opinion of the Committee I wish not' to do it, because the List, and the Purposes for which it was formed, were at an End before the Day for completing the List, namely, the Day before the Bidding, at which Time I w'as to receive Names from many Gentlemen; and I wish to add, to establish that Truth, I have no Objection to make a private Communication of the Names to the Secretary of the Treasury.

40. Are you positively determined not to deliver in your List?

No — by no Means — it is now sealed up in the Manner it was Yesterday; and after the Explanation I have given, .1 will comply with the Resolution of the Committee.

Then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

And being again called in, he was acquainted, that the Committee were of Opinion, That he be desired to deliver in his List for the Inspection of the Committee.

Whereupon the Witness replied, That he should comply with the Requisition of the Committee.

And being further examined;

- He was asked,

41. Upon what Points did you communicate With

the Subscribers, between the Time of opening the Lists and the Meeting of the Subscribers, which you have mentioned, and what passed generally on the Subject ? ,

The Conversation was generally with Individuals, relative to being admitted on the Lists; as to any other Topics they were merely accidental, and I can give no Account of them.

42. Having said that you had. communicated with some of the Subscribers, the Impression on your Mind that there would be no Competition for the Loan, were there any of the Subscribers upon your List from whom you had received Money, to whom you^did not make this Communication?

Undoubtedly, Abundance, with whom* I had no Communication, on the Subject. '

43. Had you received such confidential Information, on which you thought you could rely, only from One Person, or from more than One Person ?

From One and the same; but it was always the common Rumour.

44. Do you still remain of Opinion, not to mention

the Name of that Person, from whom you received such confidential Information ? ,

Certainly I do — Andlthink it would be extremely improper for me to do it, without first communicating with him, and having his Consent; because it may probably lead , to some other Person, of whom I know nothing.

45. Will you mention, whether there were any Circumstances in that Person's Situation, that induced you to think the Information more authentic, than the general Rumour you have mentioned ?

No Circumstances.

46. What were your Reasons for thinking you cotild particularly rely on the Information you had received from that Person ?

Because I knew him to be a true honest Man, fully to be confided in.

47. Had you any Reason to think that he had any particularly authentic Means of Information ?

From his telling me he had that Information, and that I might rely on it.

48. Did he say he had the Information from Mr. Boyd, from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or from any other particular Person or Persons that lie mentioned?

He never mentioned the Chancellor of the Exchequer, nor Mr. Boyd — he certainly mentioned a Person in the City from whom he had the Information, the Name of w'hich Person I should wish to decline giving without his Leave — that Person I do not know personally.

49. Have you any Objection, if the Committee should require it, to ask Leave of those Two Gentlemert to1 mention their Names to this Committee?

One I do not know; neither do I know that he is acquainted or has Knowledge of the Information being, given to me — the other I can have no Objection to ask.

50. When you were informed, that the Person with whom you are not acquainted had declared that Mr. Boyd w as to have the Loan, did you know of any Circumstances belonging to that Person, which led you to think that he had the Means of authentic Information on the Subject?

I did believe so; from his Acquaintance with some of Mr. Boyd's Party.

51. When the Information was given to you, was it mentioned to you on what Ground that Person, whom you did not know, had formed his Opinion that Mr. Boyd was to have the Loan?

Because he was told so — that was mentioned to

me.

52. Was it said, by whom he was told so?

I do not know that ever he communicated that to my Friend, that spoke to me — I do not recollect ever hearing it.

53. Then you never heard from whom by Name,

that Person, whom you do not know, had his Information on the Subject ? 1

I never heard that he had ever said any Name.

54. As you said you had heard Messrs'. Boyd were constantly assured of having the Loan, were any Person's named from whom they had had that Assurance?

I always understood that they felt themselves confident of having it; and so I constantly had the confidential Information, and it agreed with public Rumour — when I said Messrs. Boyd were assuredr-r-I meant they were confident.

And then the Witness was directed to withdraw.

And being again called in, he was acquainted, that the Committee had come to a Resolution, That he be desired to ask the Friend he has mentioned, from whom he had received the confidential Information, whfether he has any Objection that his Name should be mentioned to the Committee.

Then the Witness was further examined, and asked;

55. Was there any* generall Condition which you made with the Persons u'hom you received as Subscribers to your List ?

' The general Condition was, not to be in any other List.

56. Was there j any other general Condition but that ?

Nor to part with any of their Subscription, but on the same Conditions, to be declared and observed by the Persons to whom it was disposed of.

57- w as it not a Condition made by you with those

s wha

kJKJ VTJ1.U. XXX.

C7 . X' Cl// UUI u.

IV V tv

who were received in your List, that they should advance to'you the Whole or Part of the Deposit?

It was not a general Condition, although it was to some particular Persons.

58. How much were those particular Persons required to advance to you ?

5 per Cent.

59- According to your Recollection, when did you first receive‘Advances of 5 per Cent, from any of your Subscribers ?

I really do not recollect, but my Banker's Book will shew.

60. Was any received to your Knowledge previous to the 29th of October, when you made it public to form your List?

No.

61. Did you continue to receive those Advances

of 5 Per Cent, up to the Time when you was at the Meeting in Dawning Street, on Wednesday the 25th of

November ?

I apprehend some little Payments were made about that Time.

62. Did you at any Time, before the 25th of November, countermand those Payments ?

I never applied generally for an Advance of 5 per Cent, or any other Sum — To some Persons, as I have said before, when they applied to me to be admitted on the List, in order that I might be perfectly safe, I have agreed so to admit them upon paying in 5 per Cent. — In many Cases Agents applied to me on the Behalf of Persons I was not perfectly, or not sufficiently, acquainted with, and on such Occasions I always stipulated for paying the Money in, to make me perfectly easy — I had another Object also, of raising a certain Sum to be ready to be applied as a Security for' the Performance of the Contract, and which I proposed to lodge in the Hands of the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England for that Purpose, and on that Account I applied to some of my particular Friends to pay in such Money as they could conveniently spare i and I had so raised near 300,000l. and I had, at the same Time,- upwards of 70,000 /. of my own at the Bankers; and then when I had such Monies raised, upon some Applications being made to me, if I wished them to pay in Money, I did tell them that I considered it unnecessary, thinking I had a Sum sufficient, but desired them to be prepared in case I should have Occasion to call for them — where I made it a Condition I never countermanded.

63. Was the Condition that your Subscribers should not be in any other List, general ?

No — not completely general.

A printed Paper being , shewn to the Witness, and read, as follows,.

« Sir, 1

" I desire to subscribe in the List you are forming fof the intended Loan Thousand Pounds Omnium; and I promise and engage " to: make the Deposit, and not to have any Concern dr Interest, directly or indirectly, in any other > " List; and that no Person shall have any Part or " Interest in my Subscription, but on the same Con-f‘ ditions to be declared and observed."

n »: \ *v *

He was asked,

"64. Was that the Form Which you required your Subscribers to sign ?

Not generally — this was the Form of a printed Letter which we made use of, when we were forming our Lists for the Purpose of bidding for the Loan of 1794, and of which I had some left.

65. Will you mention what Description of Persons Inquiry re-they were whom you exempted from the Condition spe- ^P^‘nS the cified in this printed Paper ? ,

They were of Two Descriptions, such as the Bank Directors, on the One Hand, and Gentlemen that I supposed and knew from their Character, knowing my Conditions, would not offer themselves to be in my List if they were in any other.

66. Did you communicate to those Persons from whom you required the Condition, that there were others that you had exempted of meant to exempt from them?

No — certainly not — I never thought it necessary —

I had the entire Management of that Business.

67. Is it to be understood, therefore, that a Person who subscribed one of those printed Papers, had no Reason given him to think that any of your Subscribers was not laid under the same Conditions ?

I never entered into any Reason — I never sent those printed Papers; they lay at the Bar at Garraways, and those who chose tilled them up and directed them for me.

68. Did you require the Conditions, contained in the printed Letters, from any Person to whom you did not send or give those Letters ?

I did.

69. When you made your Intention to open a List public, did you declare the Conditions on which you meant to receive Subscribers, and if you did, were those Conditions the same with those specified in the printed Paper ?

I did, as the Applications were made to me, and where I thought it was necessary.

70. Did you expressly offer to any Gentlemen, that they should be Subscribers without being bound to the Conditions contained in the printed Paper?

None that I recollect — Ido not recollect One'; but w'here I thought it unnecessary I never mentioned it — but I wish it may always be understood, that I never required it or expected it from the Bank Directors.

71. You mentioned Yesterday, that you had communicated to some respectable Gentlemen that you intended to open a List, and proposing to them to take a Share, if they thought proper; did those Gentlemen, when you received an Answer from them, accept that Proposal ?

They did not.

72. Have you any Objection to mention who those Gentlemen were?

Certainly I have, upon the general Principle that I think it improper for me, as a confidential Agent, to say who is or who is not in the List — and now I would beg to observe, it occurs to me that submitting my Banker's Book will in Part disclose the Names of Subscribers, and which I was not aware of, and therefore hope the Committee will be satisfied with my producing the first and last Dates of Payments by the Subscribers. . ... ,; v

73. Have you any Objection to ask those Gentlemen if they would consent that you should disclose their Names to this Committee, should the Committee think proper to require it ?

I have, upon the same general Principle.

74. When you communicated to those Gentlemen your Intentions of opening a List, and made them an Offer to take a Share in it, did you state to them the Reasons you have mentioned to the Committee, that you had for thinking that Messrs. Boyd were to have the Loan?

No.

7.5- Did

A. 17 96.

316

9° Februarii.

A

t

j

1

Inquiry re- 75. Did they, in their Answer, mention that Cir-specting the cumstance as their Motive, or among their Motives, for Loan~ declining your Offer.

76. Have you any Objection to state what Reasons they gave for declining your Offer ?

It is not in my Power — I do not recollect.

77. When you first went into the City and met Mr. Johnson, was it for the express Purpose of talking about the Loan, and by special Appointment?

No.

78. Did Mr. Johnson, when he communicated Mr.

Angerstein's Opinion, say he had Mr.

Authority for so doing?

He never mentioned his Authority — but I had no Doubt of it.

79. Was any Thing said to you to dissuade you from making a List ?

No.

80. Did you esquire as to the Amount of any Share you might have of Mr. Boyd's List

No.

81. Did you consider all the Communications made to you, by the Governor of the Bank, in the various Conversations you had with him respecting the Loan, as official Communications?

I did, all those which I have stated.

82. Did you, on your seeing the Governor of the Bank in the City, after his Return from that Visit to Downing Street, when you expected to meet on the Loan, receive any other Communication of any Sort from him, but as to the Amount of the Loan, Eighteen Millions ?

Yes; that it was to be disposed of by public Competition.

83. Then is it to be understood that you received no Information or Communication whatever from the Governor of the Bank on that Day, but as to those Two Circumstances, viz. the Amount of the Loan, (Eighteen Millions) and the Competition ?

I do not recollect any other official Communication.

90. On what Day ?

I have no Note of the Day; but.it was at several different Times mentioned to me, having been at first proposed to have some Part in the per Cent., but afterwards I was asked if I had any Objections, that it should be in the 3 per Cent. Consolidated, Reduced, and Long Annuities.

91. When was your last Communication with the Governor of the Bank on this Subject?

I do not recollect any after the Monday.

92. When you went to Downing Street on Wednesday the 25th of November, were you then prepared to make a final Offer ?

If it had been so proposed to me — I was always prepared.

93. If you had made your Offer, should you have expected a decided Answer ?

This was not the Day for making the Offer; but when I was there, if I had been invited to make an Offer, by fair Competition, I should not have hesitated a Moment, and I should have expected a decided Answer.

94. Would the possibility of an Austrian Loan, and the Probability of funding Five Millions of Navy Debt have made any considerable Alteration in your Terms?

Not any — my Mind was made up to those Objects.

95. Had you reduced your Proposals to Writing?

No.

96. Do you, as a Man of extensive Practice and Experience, think, that the Possibility of this Austrian Loan, and the funding the Five Millions, would make any Alteration on the Price of Stocks ?

When the Austrian Loan was actually to come forward it would, but if the Question goes to my Opinion, respecting the Influence that Possibility would have upon me upon that Day, I can answer not the least, because I considered it as a Matter utterly impossible, from my Knowledge of the Situation of the Money Affairs of this Country.

Withdrew.

t

l

t

84. Have you any Objection to state what other Conversation passed between you, and the Governor of the Bank, relative to the Loan, subsequent to that Visit, and antecedent to your going to Downing Street to bid for it?

On that Day I had other Conversation with the 'Governor of the Bank.

85. Have you any Objection to state that Conversation ?

Only upon the general Principle that it alluded to my List.

86. Did the Governor of the Bank, in the Whole of that Visit, distinguish to you, those Circumstances, which he communicated to you officially, from what you conceive to be a confidential Communication ?

He did.

87. Did you, after the Communication of the Loan being for the Amount of Eighteen Millions, communicate that Alteration to the Subscribers upon your List?

I did not — it did not concern them.

88. Did you understand any of the different Modes, in which the Loan was to be arranged as to the Funds ?

I did.

89. From whom had you that Information?

The Governor of the Bank.

Sabbati, 190 die Decembris, 1795.

Mr. Morgan again called in, and examined.

97. What do you understand by the Phrase, in your former Evidence, of " officially communicated to me " by the Governor of the Bank ? "

Every Thing that he thought necessary, and did communicate to me relative to the Loan, and to the Intentions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

98. Did he state to you precisely, on all and each of these Points, that he had the Chancellor of the Exchequer's Directions so to do ?

He never mentioned he had any Directions to speak to me in particular; but he mentioned he thought it his Duty to tell me of those Particulars — that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had always said, Competition; but at the Communication on Monday the 23d of November, when he sent for me after his Return from Downing Street, he then told me, that he had put the Question particularly to the Chancellor of the Exchequer relative to the Competition, and that he had answered, " Most certainly," and then he acquainted me the Amount of the Loan would be Eighteen Millions, I think he said, " at the least," — and officially told me, we were to attend on the Wednesday following in Downing Street, at Twelve o'Clock.

99. Did

ao LrEO. 111.

y~ jteoruarn.

oi

99. Did the Governor of the Bank at any Time state to you, that he was expressly charged by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to give this general Information to all who applied to him ?

I do not recollect there ever was a word of the Kind; nor that he was directed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to tell any Body except respecting the Attendance in Downing Street — that was mentioned as from the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

100. At the Interview, in which you learned the Amount of the Loan, on Monday the 23d, did the Governor of the Bank then state to you, that he was charged by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to inform you of the Amount of the Loan as well as the Time of Attendance in Downing Street ?

No.

101. If you took a Loan on certain Conditions from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and an Attempt was made afterwards to violate any of those Conditions, should you think it incumbent on you, on Behalf of yourself, and the Subscribers ©n your List, to remonstrate against any such Violation ?

It would depend on what Alteration was made, and whether or not then it would be worth my while or not to agree to the new Terms.

Question repeated;

If I thought it was hurtful to my Bargain, I should certainly remonstrate against it.

102. You have stated, in Reply to a Conversation with the Governor of the Bank, that you should do your utmost to be well prepared for Competition, but if you were precluded, it would not be your Fault; what do you mean by that ?

I mean in respect to not having an Opportunity of Bidding.

103. What do you mean by being well prepared for Competition ?

I mean, generally, being prepared in my List and Money.

104. Do you mean, not to be prepared at all, as to the Terms you intend to offer ?

I could not possibly be prepared, or rather have fixed on the Terms, till the Time for making the Offer; because the Terms must in some Degree be governed, or have Reference to the Market Price.

108. Did you fully understand the Proposition, at the Inquiry re-

Time it was made to you, for the qualified Bidding? spec ting the

I understood that the Half per Cent, was to be in favour of the highest Bidder — there was no other Misunderstanding — At the Meeting at the Chancellor of the Exchequer's, on the Wednesday following, the 2d of December, that was fully explained.

109. Did you, after the qualified Bidding was offered on Wednesday the 25th, consider your Determination, not to be a Bidder, under the Terms and Conditions then offered, as final ?

I declared it was utterly impossible for me to bid under such Restrictions.

110. If you had taken a large Loan, on what you consider the general known Principles of such Transaction, and immediately afterwards, the Chancellor of the Exchequer should think it expedient to make another Loan, in what Manner would you act ?

I certainly should remonstrate against it; but in my Mind it is impossible such a Thing should happen.

in. At what Period of the Loan should you think yourself not entitled to make such Remonstrance ?

When it appeared not to be an Injury to the Parties for whom I acted.

112. Can you state that precise Period ?

When it happens I could state it.

113. Would it be at a Period when Half the Payments of the Loan were made ?

I cannot fix any Time; meaning this, that I should not think of making any Remonstrance merely for the Purpose of obstructing the Operations of Government.

114 Do you think that a new Loan taking place before Half the Payments on the antecedent Loan were made, would be prejudicial to the Subscribers to the First Loan ?

Undoubtedly, upon the general Principle that the Preparations for a new Loan generally affect the Funds.

115. Should you at that Moment think it necessary to remonstrate ?

Surely I should.

105. What do you mean by the Market Price ?

The Market Price of the Funds, at the nearest

Time of Bidding — I would remark, that at the former Time that I have attended, special Messengers arrived from the City with the Prices of the Day.

106. From your Recollection of the actual State of Affairs at that Time, and a former Loan Transaction, what do you apprehend would be the Difference between the Offers likely to be made by each of the Parties who came to that Bidding ?

There can be no Comparison, in my Mind, with respect to former Loans, because Circumstances cannot be supposed to be precisely the same; and with regard to other Persons Intentions of bidding for this Loan, that I was totally unacquainted with, or with their Preparation to qualify them to bid.

107. Have you any Means of proving, if the Committee should require it, the precise Terms you had decided to offer on the Wednesday when you attended in Downing Street ?

It is impossible I should have any Body who could come to prove it, because I myself nad not the most distant Expectation that the Bidding was then to come on, or before the Friday following.

Vol. 51.

116. Should you think it necessary to remonstrate at any subsequent Period, as when only Three Quarters of the Loan had been paid ?

Surely; but with respect to myself, it would depend on the Applications made to me by the Holders, as having been the Agent in contracting for the former Loan.

117. Would not any Proportion of the Capital of the First Loan, that was left undischarged, be affected by the subsequent Loan ?

In common with all the Funds.

118. You have stated, in your preceding Evidence, that in a former Loan you put several Questions to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, will you produce them, with the Answers ?

I have neither. — I never had any of the Papers, or Copies of any of the Letters or Proceedings remain with me, when acting with Mr. Johnson and Mr. Anger-stein — they always remained with Mr. Johnson.

119. Were those, Questions reduced to Writing?

Yes.

120. After you and Mr. Johnson and Mr. Angerstein had taken the Loan, if the Chancellor of the Exchequer, antecedent to the Payments on that Loan being completed, had brought forward any other Loan,

4/M should

STB ' " 9° FeUrA. 1796.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

should you have thought he had acted fairly and honourably between you and the Public ?

The Chancellor of the Exchequer did, and we never made any Complaint.

121. Are you of Opinion, that at whatever Period the Chancellor of the Exchequer had brought forward that subsequent Loan, you would have been of the same Opinion?

Certainly not.

122. Can you state the precise Time when you should have thought it justifiable for the Chancellor of the Exchequer to have brought forward that Loan ?

123. What Time of the Year did you and Mr. Johnson and Mr. Angerstein make die Contract ?

The Beginning of February, and the last Payment was to be made on the 13th of January, 1795, but the Journals of the House will shew it.

124. When was the first Payment of the new Loan, made by Messrs. Boyd and Co. for the Year 1795, to take place ?

I do not know.

125. Did you apprehend that this new Loan affected your last Payment ?

It affected all the Funds.

being made, till some Months subsequent to the last Payment of the preceding Loan ?,

I am not aware of it, nor have it in my Memory — I have made no Reference of any Sort whatever to those Objects.

135. Having stated yourself to be a Man of Experience, have you no Recollection of what passed, during either of the Two last Wars, with respect to the Payments on ^oans ?

I cannot recollect about the Payments without I was to refer back; but I never heard of a Preference on any Account whatever, and particularly with regard to Custom and Practice, whether Scrip was wrote up in the Bank, or not.

136. Do you believe there exists an Instance, previous to the last Loan, of a Deposit being made on a Loan previous to the last Payment on the preceding Loan?

I cannot positively recollect whether there was or was not without Reference, but I remember that the Loan for the Service of the Year 1762 came forward early.

137. Do you not recollect that the Deposit in 1762 was made on the 26th December, and that the last Payment on the preceding Loan was made in October?

I do not recollect.

126. Did you make any Remonstrance on that Account?

I never thought of it.

127. Did you form any List to be Competitor for that Loan of 1795 ?

Yes.

128. You have stated, that the Governor of the Bank informed you of a Money Transaction to the Amount of 900,000l., that had taken place between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Boyd; did the Governor of the Bank speak of that Transaction as of his own Knowledge ?

He did not speak of it as of his own Knowledge, or not of his own Knowledge; but he spoke of it as a Transaction notorious, and which every body knew?

129. Do you know of this Transaction ?

Nothing but by Report.

130. Have you any Objection to state the whole Conversation with the Governor of the Bank on that Subject?

I have already stated the Whole that passed.

131. Were any other Persons mentioned in this Conversation besides the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Boyd ?

Not that I recollect.

132. Did the Governor of the Bank explain to you, how you would be tricked ?

No otherways, than that he had Doubts about the Competition; and that it appeared to me, that he thought the Loan would be given to Mr. Boyd, and that was conformable to the general Opinion and Rumour.

133. Did you, at the Time you allude to in December 1794, when you intended to be a Competitor for the Loan of 1795, not know, that there was an utter Impossibility of the first Payment of the new Loan, being required to be made prior to the 13 th of

when the last Payment of the former Loan was to be made ?

I knew no Payment could be made before the Parliament had voted it.

134. Are you nut aware, that in the Course of the Two last Wan, there was not a single Instance of the first Payment of the Loan for the Service of the Year

138. Have you brought your List with you, in consequence of what passed Yesterday?

I have.

139. Will you now deliver in your List?

I have the same Objection to state to the Committee, that I am not inclined to deliver in the List, and do not think myself justified so to do, without the Consent of the Parties for whom it was intended that I should have offered for the Loan, unless it is in Compliance with the positive Order of this Committee, and which it is not in my Power to resist, if such is the Order: And also because Loans bought in that Manner by Competition are not liable to any Suspicion of Waste of the public Money, or to any Scrutiny into the Division thereof.

140. The Committee having Yesterday communicated to you a Resolution, containing a decided Opinion, that it was important to the Public your List should be produced, have you consulted the Persons, whose Consent you think necessary to the Production of it, on the Subject?

I have had no Opportunity.

141. Will you consult those Persons, and how soon may the Committee expect your Answer in consequence thereof?

If it is the Desire of the Committee, I will most cheerfiilly call a general Meeting for that Purpose as soon as possible — I should be extremely sorry if I were to be understood to mean to refuse it on my own Account.

142. The Committee have already expressed the Opinion before alluded to, do you not feel it incumbent on you to endeavour to obtain any Consent you think necessary for the Production of the List ?

I will endeavour to do it — Surely I will do it — I feel it incumbent upon me to do every Thing in my Power to comply with the Wishes of die Committee, consistent with the Character of a confidential Agent.

143. Having been desired by the Committee to consult the Friend you have mentioned, as having given you confidential Information, whether he would give you Leave to mention his Name to the Committee if they should desire it, have you consulted that Friend, and has he given you such Leave ?

I have consulted him, and have not got hfs Leave.

144. 'Can

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii 319

144. Can you now state from your Banker's Book, or otherwise, when the first Money was paid in by any of the Subscribers on your List, as an Advance for their Fart of the Loan, and when such Payments ceased ?

The first Payment was on the 6th of November, and the last on the 25th.

145. Was you ever concerned as a Principal in contracting for a Loan before that of February 1794 ?

No.

146. Did you mean, in your former Answer, by the Words " utterly impossible," that it was impossible any Austrian Loan should be brought forward in the Course of the present Year?

In my Opinion, I certainly did.

147. Why then did you write that Letter, of the 16th of November, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

I wrote it, because any Intention of having a Thought towards the Loan to the Emperor, should not preclude me from an Opportunity of offering for our Loan, on the Ground that I had not prepared myself, and made known my Intention, that I would be ready to bid for the Loan under any Condition, either positive or eventual, respecting any Emperor's Loan.

148. Did you, on the 16th of November, think such

a Circumstance not improbable ?

It was much rumoured Abroad that there would be some Sort of Provision for the Emperor; and on that Ground there would be no Competition for the Loan; and I was induced to write drat Letter, because I would not be precluded by any eventual Proposal that might be made on that Account.

Question repeated.

I thought it was improbable — I think so now.

149. Why then did you entertain any Suspicion that you might be precluded from bidding for the Loan on that Account, when you thought die Event so improbable, and which you declared Yesterday you did not think possible ?

From public Rumour I entertained the Idea, that there might be such a Proposal, and that might prevent Competition, as it had done the Year before.

150. Is it then to be understood that you did, at that particular Time, in consequence of the public Rumour, suppose that the Chancellor of the Exchequer might reserve to himself the Right of proposing to Parliament to guarantee a Loan to the Emperor in this Session ?

I certainly did.

151. Did you not imagine, that if such a Proposal should be made to Parliament, which you have stated in your Opinion was impossible, from your Knowledge of the Situation of the Money Affairs of this Country, it must have considerably depressed the Public Funds?

When actually made, it is my Opinion it would.

152. You have stated Today, that you cannot prove what Terms it was your Intention to have proposed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in case you had been called upon to offer Terms on the 25th of November, have you any Objection to declare now, what Terms you would have offered, if so called upon ?

My Opinion would have been governed by Reference to the Market Price in the first Instance; next, the Disposition of the Public towards Peace — I felt (hat very strongly during the forming of my > List; and also, I had Reason to believe, that it was the Opinion and Intention of my Subscribers, that -1 should obtain the Loan; and I certainly, on that: Vo t. 51.

Day (meaning Wednesday the 25th) if I had been then called upon, or on Friday, the appointed Day, should have advanced my Price to very near the Market.

153. Will you state, as nearly as you can, the precise Terms that you would have offered on Wednesday the 25th?

At 3 s. 6d. Long Annuity, I should have been happy to have had it; with 1201. Consolidated, and 25 Reduced Annuities — I always calculated in my own Mind the Discount at about 3 per Cent.

154. Had you it in Contemplation to offer those Terms on the 25th of November, if you had been called upon to a Competition ?

I had not that in Contemplation, nor any other Terms, as I did not expect to be called upon on that Day.

155. Knowing what the Market Prices on the 25th of November were, and that Messrs. Boyd and Messrs. Mellishes were the other Bidders, what are the Terms that you would have offered, had you been called upon on that Day, as nearly as you can now state the same ?

The Witness delivered in the following Statement:

£. 120 - - 67 f - - - £.81 ----- ---,

25 - - 661 ' - - - 16 13 9

3/6 Long Annuity 18 f - 3 4 9

100 18 6

Discount 3 per Cent. 3 ——

£. 103 18 6

I have taken. Notice, that the Reference to the Market Price, and the Disposition of the Public towards Peace, would have governed my Mind in fixing my Prices, and also the Consideration of the Stock Market at the Time; and would have weighed in my Mind — Is the State of the Market such as is likely to advance, and so advance my Contract, to stand at the then present Price, or to fall — and I was firmly of Opinion on that Day, that the Speculations had been very greatly for the Fall; and therefore I was justified to believe that there would be a Rise, which would advance the Premium of my Contract.

156. If the Chancellor of the Exchequer had expressly reserved to himself the Right to propose an Austrian Loan in the Course of the present Session, would that have made any, and what Difference in the Terms of your Offer on that Day ?

No. — I would wish to add, that I declare I had an Expectation that something of that Business would have been mentioned, and when the Chancellor of the Exchequer began by saying, that he had some Communication to make, I really expected it to be relative to the Austrian Loan — I had that Subject all along on my Mind, and had prepared myself with this Paper in my Hand, and which I had then in my Pocket, which I meant to have presented to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, if there had been any Opening, or any Necessity for it.

Then the said Paper was delivered in and read, as follows:

" Declaration to the Contractors, from the " Right honourable the Chancellor of the " Exchequer.

" That Circumstances may make it necessary, and " Parliament may agree to guarantee a further Loan " to be raised in England for His Majesty the Emperor, in that Case, the Contractors for our Loan, " and their List of Subscribers, shall be entitled to " have the Contract for the Loan for the Emperoi',

whatever

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

Inquiry respecting the Loan,

" whatever it may be, on the Terms and Conditions " hereafter to be settled, and agreed with the Right " honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer. " Or, That it is to be understood by the Contractors, that there is no Restraint respecting any " Assistance that Parliament may think proper to " give His Majesty the Emperor."

And the Witness said,

I meant to have presented this Paper to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as the Declaration which it might be suitable for him to make.

157. At what Period did you begin to think, from your Knowledge of the Situation of the Money Affairs of this Country, that an Austrian Loan in the present Year was utterly impossible?

I cannot recollect exactly; perhaps about the Beginning of October, or perhaps the latter End of September.

158. Did you think it utterly impossible on the 25th

of November?

I did.

159- Did you on the 16th of

Yes — my Opinion on that Day was also the same; but still there might be a Reserve for a Proposal of a Guarantee of One, to Parliament.

160. Did you on Thursday, the 26th of November, when you first heard that Mr. Boyd had made his Bargain for the Loan on the preceding Day, declare to any Person that you would have offered the Terms which you have before stated ?

No — I do not know that I did.

161. Did you authorize any Gentleman to declare to Parliament in your Name, that you would have offered more favourable Terms by Two per Cent, than those upon which the Bargain had been concluded with Mr. Boyd, if you had been permitted to bid on that Day?

It is very likely I may have said so in Conversation. As to any formal Authority, I know nothing of that.

162. Did you make any Offer to that Effect to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, between Wednesday the 25th of November, and Monday the 7th of December.

No.

163. Did you make an Offer by a Letter addressed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and read in the House of Commons, at your Request, on Monday the 7th of December, to take the Loan at Two Shillings in the Long Annuity less than was agreed to be given to Messrs. Boyd and Co. ?

I did.

164. Did you consider it as a fair Offer to the Public to propose to take the Loan on those Terms on that Day, having now declared that you would have offered so much better Terms, if you had been called upon to bid on the 25th of November ?

I did, because the Chancellor of the Exchequer had made a Contract at a Price which he considered proper and reasonable; viz. at 6 s. and 6 d.; and also, because it would not be proper for me unnecessarily to bid a more reduced Price after such Contract was impressed on the Public Mind as moderate and reasonable.

Withdrew.

Luna, 21® die Decembris 1795.

Mr. Morgan again called in, and examined.

165. Was not the Market Price of the Three per Cent. Consolidated, and the Three per Cent. Re-

duced Annuities, considerably higher on Monday the 7th of December, than it was on the 25th of Novem- her?

I believe it was — but I made no Reference to any Prices whatever.

166. Did you in Point of Fact not know that it was so?

I have no Doubt of it.

167. Had not Accounts been received between the 25th of November, and the 7th of December of important Victories obtained by the Austrians over the French?

I really do not recollect the Day the Accounts were received.

168. What induced you to make the Offer contained in your Letter to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which was read by your Desire in the House of Commons on the 7th of December ?

I considered, that in the Arguments that might be brought forward on the Subject, there might be an Objection to any new Arrangement, on the Ground that it would be impossible on Account of the early Day of Payment, and therefore 1 thought it prudent for me to have such a Proposal ready, in case such an Objection had occurred, and to say that I should have been ready to make the Payment on Thursday.

169. Did you make that Offer at Request of your Subscribers in general, or any of them ?

It was with the Approbation of all of those that I spoke to on the Subject — which was signified by many by their signing the Letter, expressing their Readiness to become joint Security with me.

170. Have you any Objection to deliver in the Copy of that Letter, which was signed by those who offered that Security.

The Letter is cancelled — I cannot deliver a Copy without their Authority, which I have no Objection to ask — my own Letter I am ready to deliver a Copy of at any Time.

[Which Copy was delivered in to the Committee, and read, and is inserted in Appendix,

N* 4.]

The former Question and Answer being read to the Witness; viz.

" Have you any Objection to ask those Gentlemen,

" if they would consent that you should disclose their " Names to this Committee, should the Committee " think proper to require it?"

To which he answered,

" I have, upon the same general Principle."

171. And the said Question being again put to him ?

He desired to explain that Answer by saying, That he has no Objection.

172. You are therefore desired to ask the Consent of those Gentlemen, to disclose their Names to the Committee ?

I will do it.

173. You have stated in the former Part of your Evidence, that when you contracted for the Loan of 1794, you considered yourself as having made it a Condition with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that there should be no other borrowing or raising of Money within that Year; did you consider the Chancellor of the Exchequer as having entered into an Engagement by this Condition, not to propose any further Loan of any Sort to Parliament in the Course of that Year ?

I did propose that Question, on the Ground that I entertained some Idea of something to be proposed for the King of Sardinia, and no Doubt I understood there would be no borrowing or raising to our Pre-

"* judice,

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii. 321

judice, or the Prejudice of our Contract. — I understood generally that we were not to be injured, and nothing else.

174. Did you consider him as having engaged that no Loan should be negotiated in the Course of that Year, by the Agents of any Foreign Power in Alliance with this Country ?

I understood that he would not countenance any Thing of that Kind.

175. Did you consider him as having engaged to do his utmost to prevent it ?

That was unnecessary in my Mind, because I considered it impossible to be done.

176. Did you consider such Negotiation without the Authority of Parliament as illegal ?

I did.

177. Do you still think so ?

It has been proved otherwise — there was some Money raised for the Emperor.

Recollection; but I really think the Price was about «-

68$ on the 7th of December. Lomu*8 *

185. Can you state what has been the Rise in these Funds since the Delivery of the King's Message on the 8th of December ?

I have heard they were as high as 71$ or } — but I have not been to Town lately to esquire.

186. You have stated, that your Opinion of the Disposition of the Public to Peace, would have had an Influence on your Mind in the Offer you intended to make for the Loan; would not the Knowledge that such a Message was to be sent to Parliament, have influenced it in a much greater Degree?

To be sure it would.

187. From your Knowledge and Experience in the Negotiation of Loans, can you state the Time that has usually elapsed between the Conclusion of the Contract with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the bringing it forward for the Sanction of Parliament?

I can't recollect without referring back.

178. Did you consider the Chancellor of the Ex- l8g when you stated, that in your Ot >inion it was

chequer as pledged by this Engagement, to prevent impossible another Austrian Loan should take place, any Loan being negotiated in this Country on the did yOU mean that it was impossible that such a Part of the Government of Ireland, in the Course of Loan should be proposed by the Chancellor of the that Year? Exchequer?

N°- I did, and I will add my Reason — That I con-

179. Did any of your Subscribers to the Loan for sidered the Foreign Expenditure* and other War

the Year 1794, apply to you, or desire you to object to Drains, had already greatly overbalanced the Com-the Negotiation which took place for the new Loan in mercial Exports, and the Gold and Silver that was December 1794 ? in Store, and which is evident by the Price of Gold —

Not in my Recollection — but I would wish to the Foreign Coin and Bullion at Market being exremark, that in speaking of any of the Circumstances hausted, I conclude that the Coin of the Kingdom respecting our Proceedings, in preparing ourselves in be taken out of Circulation; in such a State, and order to be Bidders for the Loan for the Service of the considering the Payments to be expected on the Im-Year 1795; I do it from Memory, and not from Re- Port of Corn> for the Cargoes of Losses to Neutrals, ference to any Documents, for I have not any of and Balances to American* by Treaty, with the t}jem Foreign Expences of our Fleets in the Mediterranean

and the West Indies, it appeared to me utterly impossible,

180. Do you recollect that Parliament was not sitting that it could be prudent, or thought safe, to suffer any

at the Time that that new Loan was negotiated, and that Loan for the Emperor to be raised in — There

it did not meet till the 31§t of December ? must be preserved a Quantity of Specie in some Pro-

I think the Negotiation was before the Meeting portion to the Paper in Circulation, or there may be of Parliament, but I don't recollect the Day the Par- great Hazard of an Abatement of Confidence at Home, liament met. - . as was the Case after the Conclusion of the American

181. Had you not every Reason to be satisfied that War, when the Bank very prudently confined their

it was impossible, from the Forms of Proceedings in Accommodations.

Parliament, that the first Payment on the new Loan . _ . , .

could take place, till the last Payment on the pre- . 189. Is it then to be understood, that this Opinion

ceding Loan was completed ? 13 so«nded T a % bef' ^ou‘d

I did not consider any Thing at all about it.- ^cas, on such " Exportation of Specie as might be I am unacquainted with the Forms of Parliament, and da"gero to *e Credit of the Country under the for all lam aware, the Loan might be voted in Con- present Circumstances. fidence before the Supplies were brought forward — I113 my Cpimon firmly.

but I recollect having heard that some of the Contrac- .

tors collected the Payments from their Subscribers, With this Opinion what was your Motive for

expecting a very early Payment on the Loan for wr,t,ng of \6th November, in which you

j.q, proposed to treat for such a Loan ?

y ' To guard against being precluded from bidding

182. Do you recollect any Instance of a Loan voted for our Loan; that was my Idea entirely, before the Supplies were brought forward r

I do not — nor of any other Contract being made 191. In your Conversations with the Governor of for a Loan before the Meeting of Parliament the Bank did he ever state to you the Nature of that

Money Negotiation for 900,000l., in which he said that

183. Will you state your Reason for not having Mr. Boyd had materially assisted the Chancellor of the objected to the bringing forward of any new Loan, Exchequer?

previous to the last Payment on your Contract for He mentioned it to me in Conversation, as a the Year 1794? flatter of public Notoriety, not as a Secret of the

I did not consider that there was any Opening for Bank, that there had been this important Money Ne-Objection, or Complaint of Injury, considering the gotiation by Bills, in which Mr. Boyd was considered Loan of 1794 as wound up. to have accommodated the Government, or lent the

Money.

184. Can you recollect what was the Amount of the

Rise in the 3 per Cents, from the 25th of November to 192. At the Times that the Governor of the Bank the 7th of December' last ? expressed to you his Opinion, that ultimately there'

I have no Transactions myself to guide me to a would be no Competition, did he state that the As-Vol. 51. 4N surances

322

9° Februarii. A. 1796.

Inquiry rejecting the Loan.

surances which he had received from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, were uniformly that there would be a Competition ?

I did not understand him to state the Assurances of the Chancellor of the Exchequer — 'but that the Chancellor of the Exchequer Aid say, Competition — but the last Time on Monday, the 23d of November, it was officially, communicated to me as a positive assured Intention.

193. Did the Information you received from the Governor of the Bank, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer said, Competition, confirm you in your Intention of becoming a Bidder for the Eoan ?

It did.

194. In the official Communication with the Governor of the Bank on the 23d of November, had you any Intimation given to you, that the Competition for the Loan was so be qualified by any unusual Conditions ?

Not the teas*.

19,5, Lias Qr has it not been usual to make die Contract for the Loan not mqre thaq Two or Three Days before the Opening of the Budget ?

I really don't recollect — but I had it in Contemplation to have proposed, if it could have been made oonvenvept to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to have thb Contract made in the Morning of the Day that the Budget would be opened, to prevent improper Dealing before die Resolution passed the House of Commons.

196. Are you of Opinion, that the Amount of any Loan at present for the Emperor, could only he remitted in Specie or Bullion ?

I considered it would be an Addition to the Balance against us, as I have explained.

197. Do you know in what Manner the Amount of the last Loan to {he Emperor was remitted to him ?

I do pot: I look to the Price of Gold only.

198. Do you or do you not hold it to be essential, in the Nature and Effect of a fair Competition, that no one of the Competitors should be informed of the Terms offered by the rest, or by any of them ?

Before the Bidding, I certainly do.

199. According to your Knowledge and Experience in the Transaction of Public Loans, what has been the Average Amount of Profit which had been usually expected apd thought sufficient by Subscribers to such Loaps, as a Compensation for their Risk and Trouble ?,

In my Opinion that must depend on Circutm stances at the Time, or the Motive that may induce People to be desirous of obtaining it — this is replying to a Supposition of Competition — but with regard to private Loqps, the Parties endeavour to get the best Terms they pan — that has been always my Opinion — it has been always considered that a private Loan was expected tp lpe a great Bonus ip Comparison with one by Competition, and Ob that Account I considered Competition to have been first established.

200. What do you mean by the Circumstances at the Time?

Relative to the Situation of the Country at the Time regarding War or Peace.

201. E(o you mean that, with the public ExPec~ tatjop of Peace, the Subscribers would, be satisfied with a less Profit, and vice verses ?

No Doubt of it — but I mean not only War and Peace, but the public Opinion, and the Price of the Funds — what 1 mean by the Price of the Funds is such, as whether they were 80 or 60, or such a Difference) beipg higher or lower, must make a greater or less inducement to obtain, the Loan.

£02. You have mentioned several Reasons that in-

duced you to believe confidently, that an Austrian Loan, which you offered to oontraet for, connected with one for the Service of this Year, would be injurious to the Credit of this Country, were these in your Contemplation on the 25th of last Month, on which Day you have stated your Intention of offering to make a Contract for the Loan, nearly qo the existing Prices of the Stocks, independently of Discount ?

It was my Opinion at that Time, that an Loan would be dangerous to the Credit of the Country, and that no such Loan would take place, although there was a Reserve for the Liberty of having one; and I believe other Persons were of the same

Opinion.

203. Can you inform the Committee, what Premium the Loan of February 1795 bore at the Time when the present Loan was contracted for ?

It cannot be done without taking the Price of the different Parts — there is no dealing ip that'Form — it has ceased to be Omnium.

204. What Difference would it have made in the Terms you have stated you would have offered on the 25th of November, if you had thought there would have been an Austrian Loan to the Amount of Three Millions ?

If the Austrian Loan had been a Certainty, my Answer would be, that the Terms would depend on whether that would have been a Bonus or not — from the Price settled for it. But supposing that, contrary to my Opinion, an Austrian Loan, which was reserved, should hereafter have taken place, I considered, if I had got the Loon, that it would come as a Bonus, and not as a Matter of any Risk to the Contractors or Subscribers as to the Price.

205. Supposing you had known for certain by Information, on the 25th of November, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have made an Austrian Loan for Three Millions in the Course of the present Year, and unconnected with the Terms of the English Loan, what Difference would the Knowlodge of that Circumstance make in the Terms of your Offer for the English Loan ?

I should have been governed by the Impression it might make on the public Mind, which might have changed with respect to Peace, and on the Price of the Funds.

206. Would it, in your Opinion, have made any considerable Difference in the Terms which you would have offered for the English Loan ?

If it had then come first forth as a Matter of Certainty, I should have considered it as proper to have proposed, that the Bidding should be delayed a Day or Two, to see the Effect it would have on the public Mind ?

207. What effect do you think it would have had on the public Mind ?

In my Opinion it would have tended to have lowered the Price of the Funds.

208. Have you any other Means of judging of the Quantity of Gold and Silver now in Store, besides the-present Market Price of those Commodities ?

I have no other Means of judging but by the Price, and common Report,

209. Had the Governor of the Bank seen your List, and approved of it as competent ?

He had.

210. Were you authorized by your Subscribers' to settle the Terms of the Loan for them on youjr own Judgment, whenever you should have been pressed so to do ?

It was. entirely left tq me — I was under no Constraint.

211. Why

36 Geo. 111. 9° Februar 323

in. Why did not you inform your Subscribers generally, that in your Opinion they were not likely to obtain the Loan by Competition ?

It was a Matter of public Notoriety, which they all knew as well as I did.

212. Were you acquainted, as a Matter of public

Rumour or Notoriety, with the Necessity Government had for Money about the Months of October or November f

I had no Knowledge but what I had as public Rumour.

213. Are you of Opinion, that a Loan for such a Sum as Four or Five Millions, might at that Time ha ve been negotiated to answer any pressing Exigencies ?

There always, in my Mind, must be some Time for Preparation for any Loan — I am of Opinion it might have been done.

214. Were you at that Time of that Opinion?

I was.

215. Did you take any Step in consequence of that Opinion ?

I wrote to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the Subject.

216. Have you any Copy of that Letter?

I have.

And the same was delivered in, and read, as follows:

" Kensington Gore, OcV 22, 1795.

" Sir,

Under all our Difficulties respecting Money,

" which are truly alarming, and require the utmost u Attention, Caution, and Judgment, I beg Leave to acquaint you, Sir, that I adhere to the Opinion,

" that the Deficiencies of this Year, if to the Amount " of Five or Six Millions, may be forthwith raised in " a 5 per Cent. Capital without Accumulation, and "I am ready and equal to undertake it; the Payments to be regulated as I can make it satisfactory " to the Bank of England.

".I have the Honour to be,

" Sir, &c."

I never received any Answer, or had any Communication, or ever heard a Word respecting the Subject of that Letter- — and therefore can give no further Information.

217. Do you consider it to be the making the Contract for a Loan by which the Price of the Funds are affected, or the making the first Payment on a Loan so contracted for ?

: I consider the Contract as the great Object — or even the first Knowledge of it — the Preparations far it naturally affect them.

Withdrew.

Martis, 22* die Deccmb 1795.

Walter Boyd, Esquire, called in, and examined.

218. Did you offer yourself to contract for the late

Loan?

Yes.

219. Will you state the Circumstances which led you to make that Offer, and what passed relative thereto ?

It will be necessary to state several Circumstances which passed previously to the Meeting in Downing Street on the 35th of Novemb, when the Loan was contracted for; and the better to explain the whole Circumstances, I shall beg Leave to read the Copy of a Letter which I wrote to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Monday the 23d of November.

Vcm* 51.

[Which Copy was delivered in, and read, and is Inquiry reannexed in Appendix, N° 5.] 1,16

To that Letter I received an Answer from Mr. appointing an Interview for the next Day, Tuesday, for - Mr. Robarts and me — that Interview accordingly took

place, and there Mr. Robarts and I set forth the Circumstances upon which we presumed to expect a Preference in contracting for the Loan — Mr. said, it

would be necessary for him to consider attentively, and consult some Persons upon the Nature of the Claim we had set up, and therefore recommended it to Mr.

Robarts and me to commit to Writing the Substance of what we had set forth in Conversation; and we accordingly committed it to Writing in our Letter dated the 24th of November (which Letter is already before the Committee.) [Appendix, N* 3.] The Meeting in Downing Street being fixed for Wednesday the 25th of November, Mr. Robarts and my Friends and myself attended there; and after waiting some Time in the same Room with Mr. Morgan and the Two Mr. Mellishes, Mr. Robarts and I were sent for into the next Room, where we found the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank — the Chancellor of the Exchequer told us on entering that he had been communicating to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank the Letter which we had written to him, and which he had received that Morning on his Return from the House of Commons — He said, that he did not find the Matter free from Difficulty, but that he conceived a considerable Degree of Attention was due to the Claim we had set up — in order to be perfectly sure that there was no Mistake with regard to the Ofi'er that I had made for the qualified Bidding, he asked me what I understood by the Half per Cent, on the whole Sum to be borrowed — he said, that was the only Passage in the Letter which seemed to admit of any Doubt — I said, that I meant that ray Offer should exceed the highest Ofi'er by 90,000l., that in short my Offer should be 90,000l., more valuable to the Public, I mean to die Country, than the highest Bidding. — The Chancellor of the Exchequer then asked, If the other Parties should not consent to the qualified Bidding proposed, whether we would consent to take the Loan at such a Price as should be fixed, in fine, whether we would consent that he should fix the Price of the Loan?

— We said we were very willing to leave the fixing of the Price to him. — We then returned to the Room where Mr. Morgan, the Two Mr. Mellishes, Mr. Salomons, Mr. Goldsmid and Mr. Aislabie had remained. —

In a short Time thereafter, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Two Secretaries of the Treasury, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank joined us — the Chancellor of the Exchequer asked how many Parties there were that intended to offer for the Loan — it was replied that there were Three Parties — Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Mellisk, and Mr. Boyd — The Chancellor of the Exchequer said, that previous to entering into the usual preliminary Details, it was necessary to state certain Circumstances which had come but recently to his Knowledge, but to which he conceived a considerable Degree of Attention was due — then he mentioned, that the Contractors for the Last Year's Loan thought they had a Right to prevent the Negotiation of another Loan, until the last Payment upon the Loan of last Year should be made, but that the Contractors for last Year's Loan had proposed to give up that Right, upon Condition that there should be allowed them a certain Preference — He then said, that as the best Mode of explaining the Nature of this Preference, he would read a Passage in our Letter; and he did accordingly read as follows:

" We are willing to allow the proposed Loan to be " exposed to Competition, upon Condition that the " Option shall be expressly reserved to our Party of u taking the Loan at such a Price as shall be equal

" in

re-

the

324 ' 9* Februarii. 1796.

" in Value to One Half p Cent, upon the whole " Sum borrowed, above the highest Offer of the Competitors."

— The Chancellor of the Exchequer then asked Mr. Morgan and Mr. Mellish, if they were willing to make Offers on those Conditions — they both objected — The Chancellor of the Exchequer (speaking to Mr. Morgan and Mr. Mellish') said, perhaps it would be necessary for you to have Time to consider of the Proposal, and to consult your Friends upon it. — Mr. Morgan said, that he required no Time for considering of it, or consulting his Friends upon it, for that he never would consent to it, — Mr. Mellish seemed at first inclined to take Time to consider of it, and to consult his Friends upon it — but upon hearing Mr. . Morgan's, decided Answer, he said that he would not require any Time; and he refused equally the proposed Competition. — Then the Chancellor of the Exchequer said, that he believed there was no longer any Occasion for them, to wit, Mr. Morganand the Two Mr. Mel-lishes, to remain — upon which they withdrew'. — And then the Chancellor of the Exchequer proceeded to the preliminary Details which generally precede all Negotiation for Loans; viz. He informed us that there might possibly be a Loan for the Emperor in the Course of the Year 1796, but certainly not to a greater Amount than Three Millions at most — it was fixed that the last Payment on the new Loan of Eighteen Millions should be made on the 15th of December 1796, and that no Payment on any subsequent Loan should take place till after that Time. — It was asked by One of my Party, Whether there would be a Loan for — The

Chancellor of the Exchequer could give no Assurance on that Point. — The Chancellor of the Exchequer informed us, that of the Exchequer Bills of the Vote of Credit of 1796, possibly a Million and a Half might be brought upon the Market in the common Mode — not more than Five Millions of the Navy Debt would be funded in 1796, and no Part of it before the 1st of May. — Then he informed us that the Loan about to be contracted for might be perhaps Nineteen Millions instead of Eighteen — but we gave it as our Opinion that this should make no Variation in the Terms, because he explained to us, that in this Case the Exchequer Bills, instead of being Two Millions and a Half, would only be One Million and a Half; — it was then agreed that the Discount should be 3 per Cent, as usual, on Advances made after the 30th of ber, and 3 and i per Cent, on Advances completing the Payments between the 10th and 30th of December. — Then it was mentioned that the Reserves of the Loan for Public Companies should be the same as those of last Year. — When all these Details were gone through, and that I had expressed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer my Hope that he would weigh properly the funding of the Navy Debt, the Possibility of an Austrian Loan, &c. in fixing the Price of the Loan, seeing that we had submitted the Matter to his Decision; then he withdrew with the Two Secretaries of the Treasury, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank. — The Reason why I recommended to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to weigh properly the funding of the Navy Debt, and the Possibility of an Austrian Loan, &c. was, because the Matter, with Regard to the Price, was entirely out of our Hands, seeing that it was positively agreed that he should fix it. — In about Half an Hour or an Hour, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Two Secretaries of the Treasury, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank returned to the Room where they had left me and my Party, and then the Chancellor of the Exchequer produced a Paper, stating the Price of the Loan* as follows;

R^d-01 ^n.n} making 145/. valued at 65, making 94/. 5 s. — and 6$. 6d. Long Ann*, valued at

18 { Years Purchase, making 61. os. 3 — Total, 100l. 5 s. 3 d. — Which Excess of $s. 3d. forms a Part of the Bonus. — -To these Terms we acceded.

220. You have stated that the $s. 3d. exceeding the too/, forms a Part of the Bonus, how was the Remainder of the Bonus made up?

It was made up by the Difference between 67 f, which was the Market Price of the 3 per Cents, and 65, which was the Price at which they were valued — the Discount forms another Part of die Bonus — it is equal to 2/. 14$. per Cent, and for such Contributors as pay up before the 30th of December 1795, the Discount will be equal to 21. 18$. 6d. per Cent, by Reason of there being a Quarter per Cent, more Discount upon Payments in full, made between the 10th of December and the 30th of December, than upon any subsequent Payments.

221. Was there any other

I don't recollect any other.

222. You have stated the Price of the 3 per Cents. Consol, to be 67 f on the Morning of the 25th of November, when the Contract was made, did you expect there would be any Alteration in the Price of that, and the other Funds proportionably, in consequence of the Loan of Eighteen Millions, the Statement of a Possibility of an Austrian Loan, and the Reserve of funding Five Millions of Navy Debt, when those and the other Circumstances respecting the Negotiation should be known ?

I certainly did act under the Persuasion, that the Addition of Eighteen Millions of new Debt, the Reserve for the funding of the Navy Debt, and the Possibility of the Austrian Loan, would not fail to produce an Effect on the existing Funds, and that that Effect must necessarily be a Fall.

223. In consequence of an Order of this Committee

a Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Different Lists of " the Subscribers to the Loan for the Service of the " Year 1796, as sent into the Bank by the Contractors " for the same," has been laid before the Committee, in which Paper, it appears that there is standing a very large Sum in the Name of Boyd, and Co.

Have you any Objection to deliver in to this Committee a List, containing the Names of all the Persons, without any Exception or Reserve whatever, who had any Share of the Sum standing in the Name of the said Company ?

I have no Objection.

[And he delivered in the List]

224. Is the Sum of 694,000l. which appears to be the Amount distributed by Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Co. the whole Sum reserved by them for their Distribution?

By no Means — that is only Part of the Sum of

L593,oooo/.

225. How is the Remainder of the Sum of 1,593,000l.

disposed of?

It belongs to the House of Boyd, Benfield, and

Co.

226. Do you mean to state that that Remainder was

reserved exclusively for foe House of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. for their own Account, or was any Part of that distributed to other Persons ? ,

For our own Account, and no Part of it was to be or was distributed to others.

227. A further sum of 285,000 /., appears in the List in the Name of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. Was that also reserved for the House, or has any Part of that Sum been distributed to others ?

That also was reserved for the House, and no Part of it has been distributed to others.

228. A

36 Geo. 111. 9° Febrn 325

228. A further Sum appears in the List of 150,000 /. in the Name of I \ alter Boyd, Junior, Esq. Can you give any Account of the Distribution of that Sum ?

No — that Sum was given to himself.

229. Is the Committee then to understand, that

the Sum of 899,000l., being the Difference of the Sum of 694,000l. in die Paper now delivered in by you, and the Sum of 1,593,000l. standing on the List delivered in from the Bank, together with the Sum of

285,000 /. standing also in that List, in the Name of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. are positively reserved for the

House, and that no Part whatever thereof was distributed to any Individual not in Partnership with the House whatever, and that no other Person derived any Interest from the same in any Shape or Manner?

Yes; I mean that these Two ^Sums belong exclusively to the House of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. on their owrn Account.

230. There appears on the List the Name of J. Ker, Esq. for the Sum of 150,00o/., is he connected with your House ?

He is connected with the House but not a Partner in the House — he was my Partner in the House that I had at Paris, under the Firm of Boyd, Ker, and Co.

231. If a Loan were contracted for before the last Payment on a former Loan, but so that it should be known to a Certainty that the first Payment on the new Loan would not take place till a considerable Time after the last Payment should be made on the former Loan, would the public Knowledge of such Contract having taken place, affect the Price of the Funds which had been given for the former Loan, as much as if the first Payment on die new Loan had been to take place before such last Payment on the former Loan ?

If the first Payment of the new Loan were to take place at a considerable Distance from the Period of its Negotiation, it is natural to conclude, that its Effect upon the Stocks would be smaller than if the Payment ivas to take place sooner — the Payment being to take place after the last Payment of the former Loan, would produce less Effect upon the Stocks (I mean with regard to a Fall) than if the Payment was to take place before the last Payment.

232. Would the Circumstance of the Contract for the new Loan having taken place before the last Payment of the former, while the first Payment on the new Loan was not to take place till after such last Payment on the former, affect the Price of the Funds in any material Degree, more than the general Knowledge or Belief that a new Loan would be necessary for the Service of the ensuing Year?

I think it would.

233. Did you know, when you made your Representation on the 24th of November to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, at what Time it was intended that the first Payment on the new Loan should take place ?

I understood that it was to be made early in December.

234. From what Authority did you understand that?

I understood it from the Governor of the Bank,

I think — it seemed to be generally known.

235. Did you not object simply to any Negotiation for a new Loan, previous to the Expiration of your Contract for the preceding Loan ?

I certainly did mention to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, when the Report of the Negotiation of the Loan first became general, that our Party conceived themselves entitled to prevent the Negotiation of any

Vox* 51.

other Loan, until the last Payment of the preceding Loan took place.

236. About what Time did you first understand that a Loan was likely to take place for the Service of the Year 1796?

About the Month of October.

237. Did you then, about that Time, state to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Claim which you conceived to exist on the Part of the Subscribers of the former Loan, for a Preference in any new Loan that might be negotiated ?

I certainly did state to the Chancellor of the Exchequer the Right of the Contractors (not of the Subscribers) to object to the Negotiation of the new Loan — upon that Occasion the Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed unwilling to admit of such a Claim; and I said, that whatever Right we might have, we should exercise that Right with great Liberality — it was upon that Occasion that the Chancellor of the Exchequer said, he would send for our Party to hear what they had to say, before any Competition should take place; but he seemed very positively determined not to admit of the Claim that I mentioned.

238. About what Period did this take place ?

I think it was in the Month of October.

239. Subsequent to that Period, and previous to your Letter of the 23d of November, had you any other Communication with the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon that Subject?

I don't think I had — I think I may say positively I had none.

240. When you attended the Meeting at Mr. Pitt's House on the 25th of November, did you understand the Loan was to be made by public Competition ?

When I went to that Meeting, it was impossible for me to know what would pass at it, and how the Proposal contained in our Letter of the 24th of November might be received by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

241. In your Communication with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the Subject of a new Loan in the Month of October, did you state fully the Claim of the Contractors for the former Loan ?

Not by any Means so fully as I did in my Conversation on the 24th, and in Mr. Robarts' Letter and mine on that day.

242. Did this Conversation with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the 24th of November pass in the Presence of any other Person ?

Yes, in the presence of Mr. Robarts, for whom and for myself I had solicited the Interview, by my Letter of the 23d, and of no other Person.

243i How was - the Communication made, which you have mentioned, with the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Month of October?

It was in Conversation.

244. Was any other Person present at that Conversation ?

No.

245. When did you first hear that the 23d of November was the Day appointed for an Interview between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Persons intending to offer for the ensuing Loan ?

It was either on the Saturday or Friday preceding.

246. From whom did you receive that Informa tion ?

I received it from Mr. Goldsmid and Mr. Salomons, 4 O and

Inquiry

specting

Loan.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

326 9 0 Februarii.A. 1796.

and others, who said, they had it from the Governor of the Bank.

247. Had you no official Communication yourself from the Governor of the Bank respecting the Manner in which the new Loan was to be negotiated, and the Time of bidding for it ?

It will appear from my Letter of the 23d of November, that I learnt at the Bank, that the Meeting which had been originally fixed for that Day was put off to Wednesday — the Governor of the Bank then told me, that although the Meeting of the Candidates was then put off, still he and the Deputy Governor were to wait on Mr. Pitt by Appointment that Morning — the Governor told me that upon his Return from Downing Street, he would inform me of what had passed — and accordingly I called on the Governor of the Bank on his Return, and learnt from him, that Wednesday was fixed for receiving the Candidates to settle the Preliminaries, and that the Competition and final Settlement of the Loan would take place on Friday.

248. Was it not generally understood that the Loan was to be settled by public Competition ?

It seemed to be the general Opinion.

249. Was it not known that there were several Competitors ?

Perfectly known.

250. Is it not usual in such Cases for the Day of the first Meeting to treat for the Loan with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to be formally announced to such Persons as are known to be Competitors ?

I have understood that the Intimation is generally given through the Governor of the Bank, and when the Governor of the Bank communicated the intended Meeting, that had been originally for Monday the 23d, to Mr. Salomons and Goldsmid, who were my Friends, I believe he considered it was the same as if he had announced it to myself.

251. Did you then receive this as a formal and official Communication, that there was to be an Interview between the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Persons intending to offer for the ensuing Loan, for the Purpose of settling the Preliminaries respecting the same ?

I certainly did consider it an Intimation.

Question repeated.

I considered it as an Intimation of which I could not be supposed, or pretend to be ignorant.

252. Believing the 23d of November to be the Day appointed for treating with the Candidates for the Loan, did you not think it necessary to make some Representation to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Behalf of yourself and the other Contractors for the preceding Loan, on the Subject of your Claim ?

I certainly did so consider it, and my Letter of that Date will shew how I considered it.

253. Did you not in Point of Fact set out to attend the Meeting fixed for the 23d of November, without having made any such Representation ?

No — the Copy of my Letter shews I did not — I set out from New Broad Street, where my Compting House is, along with Mr. Robarts, in the Intention of proceeding to Downing Street, to make our Representation previous to the Meeting of the Candidates; but having called in at the Bank on our Way, we there learnt the Meeting was put off to Wednesday.

254. Did you not then, from the Time of receiving the Communication from the Governor of the Bank, through Mr. Goldsmid and Mr. Salomons, that Monday the 23d was the Day fixed for the Meeting with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the new Loan, till the Morning on which that Meeting was

to take place, make any Representation, or take any Step to procure an Interview with him, on the Subject of your Claim ?

I did not — I passed the Sunday at my House in the Country, and during the Time between the receiving that Information from Mr. Goldsmid and Mr. Salomons, until the Monday following, I constantly expected to have received Notice from the Chancellor of the Exchequer for me and my Party to wait upon him agreeably to what wre expected — he having assured me, in the Month of October, that he would send for us, previous to receiving any Candidates for the Loan. — I think proper to add, at the Interview which Mr. Robarts and I had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on Tuesday the 24th of November, he explained why we had not received any such Intimation — his Reason was, that finding it would be impossible for him to receive the Candidates on the Monday, he had written a Note to that Purpose on the Saturday to the Governor of the Bank, who having gone to the Country, did not receive that Note until the Monday following.

255. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer then declare it to have been his Intention to have sent for you, previous to the Interview appointed with the Candidates for the Loan for the 25th of November, if you had not applied to him ?

Yes.

256. Had you any Communication with the Governor of the Bank on the Subject of the new Loan, at any Time previous to your Interview on the 24th of November with the Chancellor of the Exchequer ?

The only Communication which I had with the Governor of the Bank with regard to the Loan, was on the Monday the 23d of November previous to his going to Downing Street, and after his Return.

257. Do you mean to state that you had no Communication on that Subject with the Governor of the Bank previous to that Time?

Not otherwise than accidental Conversation, when I met him in the Street.

258. Is it to be understood then, that you had no Conversation with the Governor of the Bank on the Subject of your Claim ?

Not until Monday the 23d of November, when in Presence of Mr. Robarts I mentioned to him our Disappointment at not hearing from the Chancellor of the Exchequer agreeable to his Promise, previous to any Meeting of Candidates — it was then, for the first Time, uiat I said that our Party conceived we had a Right to object to the Negotiation of the Loan until the last Payment on the preceding Loan was completed — The Governor said, that he had always considered that we had had a Right, but that as I had never mentioned it, it was not his Business to say any Thing about it; and then I said, whatever Right we might have, he might be assured that we would not exercise it in an illiberal or unfair Way — that is all that passed.

259. Did the Governor of the Bank on that Day, state to you that the Loan was to be by public Competition ?

Yes.

260. On what Day did the Governor of the Bank inform Mr. Goldsmid and Mr. Salomons, that the 23d of November was the Day appointed for the Meeting between the Candidates for the Loan and the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

I presume it must have been either Friday the 20th or Saturday the 21st, as it was on One or other of these Two Days that they informed me.

261. Have you Reason to believe that the same

c Information

vxEO. III.

y feortiarn.

Information was given to the other Competitors for the Loan ?

I believe so.

262. Did you at any Time after having heard that a new Loan was to be negotiated, call a Meeting of the Holders of the Scrip of the former Loan?

No.

263. Did you call a Meeting of the original Subscribers ?

No — I had a Meeting of the Contractors.

264. Had you any Authority to act for a Majority of the Subscribers or Holders of the Scrip ?

No — I did not consider the simple Scrip Holders as having any Title to act; or any of the Subscribers, except the Contractors.

265. Are not the Holders of Scrip the Persons who would be injured, if any Injury should accrue from the Negotiation of a new Loan ?

There is no Doubt that any Depression of the Stocks, which the Negotiation of a new Loan might occasion, would likely affect the Value of Scrip.

266. Can you state the Amount of the Scrip remaining to be converted into Stock, at the Time you objected to the Negotiation for a new Loan?

It is already stated in my Letter, but I will now state to the Committee the Manner in which I discovered the Amount — I think it necessary to do so, to account for any Inaccuracy which may be discovered as to the Sum stated in that Letter. — I had heard that, exclusive of the Payment upon the English Part of the preceding Loan, which was due. I think in November, there remained about 500,0001, still to be paid in the Month of January, then I knew, from my own Knowledge, as Agent for the Emperor, that there remained nearly about Half as much to pay of the Austrian Part of that Loan. — Having got these Data, I found that these Two Sums together formed a Sum of 750,0001. — Knowing the refore that the last Payment on both these Loans is of 15 per Cent, upon some other Sum, I found that other Sum to be precisely Five Millions.

267. What Proportion of the Sum of Five Millions of Scrip remaining in the Market, was held by the Contractors on the 24th of November?

I cannot say accurately; but I should think One Million and a Half.

268. Had you any of it in your own Hand ?

Yes, I had, I should suppose from to 500,000l. — I cannot say positively.

269. Did the other Holders of Scrip make any Representation to you on the Injury which they would sustain from the Negotiation of a new Loan ?

No.

270. Was any Provision made for the Interest of Holders of Scrip who are not Contractors for the former Loan, in the Contract for the new one ?

No.

271. Could the Contractors for the former Loan sustain any Injury from a Negotiation for a new one, any otherwise than as Holders of Scrip ?

Yes — there is an important Distinction between the Contractors and simple Scrip Holders — particularly with regard to the Loan for the Year 1795. — -It is hardly necessary to state the Trouble which falls exclusively upon the Contractors conducting the Details of a Negotiation. — Independent of that natural Distinction between the Contractors and simple Scrip Holders, there were Circumstances of a very peculiar Nature in the Contract for the Loan for the Year 1795. The Contractors for that Loan were bound, jointly and severally, for the Performance of the Engagements entered into, and before even the First Payment was

Vol. 51.

made upon the Loan. — They remained in that State Inquiry of Responsibility during a Period of very great Alarm, sphering when Holland, was over-run by the French, in so much, Loan* that the Omnium fell down to Par, and even to a Quarter per Cent. Discount. — Thus it appears that the Contractors had Duties different from 'those of simple Scrip Holders, and in Return for those Duties I conceive they have extraordinary Rights, and that it would be encroaching on those Rights to deprive them of the Preference of making any Loan which might be required within the Period to which their Contract extends.

272. Is it then to be understood as your Opinion, that the Contractors for the former Loan, even if they had disposed of all their Scrip, would be injured by a Negotiation for a new one, previous to the last Payment stipulated in their Contract, and that they therefore would have a Right to a Preference if such a new Loan should be negotiated ?

Yes — they would be injured, in so far as they would be deprived of a Right which seems to me to belong exclusively to them.

273. In this Respect what Distinction can be stated between the Contractors and the original Subscribers ?

I can state a strong Distinction that exists between myself, or my House, and the Persons who appear as Subscribers in the Books of the Bank, in consequence of Portions of the Loan allotted to them, by myself or my House — these Subscribers had no Share in the Trouble of conducting the Negotiation — they conferred no Favour whatever upon me by appearing as Subscribers — on the contrary, I considered that I conferred a Favour upon them, because all these Portions were allotted to them in consequence of their most earnest Solicitations — they had besides contracted no Responsibility similar to that which I myself had contracted, and they were utterly unknown to Government.

274. Did they not equally with you incur the Risk, and sustain the Loss, which might have accrued at the Time that Holland was over-run ?

No — the Contractors were and still are bound, jointly and severally, one for the other, singula in solidum, for the Payment of the Instalments, and Performance of the Agreements, entered into, while the simple Subscribers were only bound to the Extent of their Subscription, and consequently they never could have lost more than the first Deposit of 10 per Cent. while the Contractors, on the other Hand, were bound to make good the Payments to the last Shilling of their Fortunes.

275. Was that Circumstance, of the Contractors being bound, jointly and severally, in the Manner you have described, peculiar to that Contract, or unusual in Contracts for Public Loans ?

I understand it to be common to all such Contracts; but I spoke particularly to the Contract of last Year.

276. Is not every Subscriber bound to make good the Amount of his Subscription, and would not the Contractors have the Power of recovering from them?

I do not conceive they would have any such Power, the Obligation being generally to make the Deposit of 10 per Cent.

277. Does then the greater Risk which you state to be incurred by the Contractors, arise from their being responsible for any Insufficiency or bad Faith of the original Subscribers ?

Certainly.

278. Is this the Injury alluded to, in your Letter of the 24th of November, and on which you found your Claim to a Preference ?

No — the Injury I alluded to in my Letter of the

24th

328 9° Februar. A. 1796.

24th of November, is precisely what it is there stated to be, to wit, the Injury which the Contractors as Scrip Holders, would sustain by the Introduction of new Scrip while the old Scrip was still in Hand.

279. Is it then to be understood, that the only Injury represented by you to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and on which you found the Claim of the Contractors for the former Loan to a Preference, is that which they would sustain as Scrip Holders ?

No — I will proceed to explain why I entered into that minute Detail relative to Scrip — In the Conversation which Mr. Robarts and I had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the 24th of November, when I mentioned to him the Claim to prevent the Negotiation of a Loan, until the last Payment of the preceding Loan, he said, he did not recollect any positive Engagement to that Effect — I said, that I understood the Engagement was either positive or implied, but that I thought I could then demonstrate to him that the Right which we claimed did necessarily exist from the Nature of Things — then I said, as a Proof of this, let me ask you, if there was any Period in the Course of the Year 1795, at which we should have been completely justified, in opposing any Loan which you might have brought forward ? The Chancellor of the Exchequer replied, that certainly if he had brought forward a Loan in the Month of June, he would have considered that our Objection to that Negotiation was well founded — then I said, if such a Right did exist in the Month of June, I conceived it exists equally in the Month of November. — I added, that Right must have Limits — there must be a Period at which it ceases, and that Period must necessarily be that on which the whole Payments on the Loan are finished — upon this, the Chancellor of the Exchequer said, that the Sum remaining unpaid was so very small, that he did not think it could be seriously urged as a Reason for not making the Loan — it was upon that Occasion that I said, small as the Sum is, it is 15 per Cent, upon a larger Sum, and that larger Sum can be no other than Five Millions — I thought that upon this Occasion I had clearly demonstrated that neither the Period to which our Contract extended was arrived, nor were the Purposes of the Contract accom-

PIUIled- Withdrew.

Received and read a Letter from Mr. Morgan, dated Kensington Gore, 2 2d December, 1795,

containing his Reason for declining to ask the Gentleman for Leave to give in his Name, from whom he expected an Answer on the 29th of October, which Letter is annexed in Appendix, N° 6.

Mercurii, 23* die 1795.

Mr. Boyd again called in, and examined.

280. Did you state to the Chancellor of the Exchequer the Distinction which you conceived to exist between the Contractors, and Subscribers and Scrip Holders ?

No.

281. Is it to be understood then, that in Point of Fact, the only Injury represented by you to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the Part of yourself and the other Contractors, was that which you would sustain as Holders of Scrip ?

I think it will be found, from the Copy of the Letter which Mr. Robarts and I addressed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as well as from the Conversation of which I have given the Account, that I likewise represented the Loss of a Right which we conceived we possessed, in being deprived of contracting for the newr Loan.

282. Could the Contractors for the Loan of 179.5, suffer any pecuniary Loss by the Introduction of a new Loan, otherwise than as Holders of Scrip ?

It does not occur to me at present that they could.

283. What Premium did the remaining Scrip of the former Loan bear, when you made your Objection, on the 24th of November, to any Negotiation for a new Loan ?

The Scrip remaining on the 24th of November bore a Price in some Degree proportionate to the different Stocks to which the different Parts of it belonged. — I can't at present recollect the exact Price it bore.

284. Can you state whether the Price which it bore on the 24th of November, wras reduced by the Introduction of the new Loan ?

It was naturally affected by that Circumstance, in common with all the Funds.

285. Can you state the Degree to which it was so affected ?

It is utterly impossible to ascertain the precise Degree to which the Stocks are affected by any Event, or the Prospect of any Event.

286. At what Day is the Introduction of the new Loan into the Market to be considered as having taken place ?

The Period at which the Introduction of the new Loan can be legally considered as having taken place, I should conceive must be upon the Loan being voted by Parliament; and even with strict Propriety, the absolute physical Introduction of the Loan ought only to be calculated from the Delivery of the Receipts; but it is well known, that from the Moment that the Contract is made with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Loan is bought and sold for Delivery, although the Law cannot recognize any such Transactions.

287. At what Period would the Negotiation of a new Loan produce any sensible Effect on the Stocks ?

From the Moment that the Negotiation of a new Loan is mentioned, it is generally understood that even that Circumstance must in some Degree affect the Price of the existing Funds; and in Proportion as the Negotiation approaches nearer and nearer, that Effect must be, or at least is generally supposed to be increased.

288. Can you state whether, since the 24th of November, the remaining Scrip of the former Loan has fallen One per Cent ?

I can't state it; because it did not occur to me that it would be necessary to declare any thing precisely on that Point.

289. Have you disposed of the Scrip which you stated to have been in your Hands at that Period ?

I do not recollect to have disposed of any — but my House may have disposed of some, without my particular Knowledge, during that Period.

290. Was any Application made to you by any of the Subscribers on your List for the Loan of 1795, to be admitted to subscribe for the present Loan, on the Ground of their having a Claim on Account of their former Subscription ?

No — I think I replied to that Question Yesterday.

291. Can you recollect whether any such Application was made by Messrs. Newnham and Everitt ?

No such Application w'as made to me by them — these Gentlemen did apply to me to be admitted on my List for this Year's Loan for a very large Sum, although they had no Share whatever in my List for the Loan of last Year — I allotted them a small Portion of

what

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii. 329

what they applied for, for which they have expressed themselves very grateful.

292. When did you make up your List in order to treat for the present Loan ?

I had no Occasion, in order to treat for the Loan, to make up any List — my House, with the other Contractors for the Loan of last Year, being perfectly equal to any Loan that might have been proposed.

293. When, in Point of Fact, was your List made up?

The Shares of the Contractors were settled on the 6th of November, and with regard to the Portions of

my Share in the Contract which I meant to allot to the different Friends who had solicited Shares in it, they were settled finally at my House in the Country on Sunday the 2 2d of November, and are the same which appear by the Lists now before the Committee.

294. Will you state the Names of all the Contractors ?

Boyd, Benfield, and Co. — Bobarts, Curtis, and Co. — Benjamin and A. Goidsmid. — E. P. Salomons — Peter Thellusson, for self and Sons — George Ward, Esq. — Solomons Salomons — Rawson — These were also

the Contractors of last Year, and signed the Contract.

295. Do all these Eight Firms appear signed to this Year's Contract ?

No — -but the Contractors who did sign this Year signed for themselves and the other Contractors — those who did sign were myself, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Goidsmid, Mr. E. P. Salomons, and Mr. Aislabie, and it is perfectly understood that the absent Contractors were bound to sign the Contract when required — I wish to read to the Committee the Title or Preamble of the List which my House sent to the Bank, which is as follows:

Messrs. Boyd, Beufield, and Co. as one of the " principal contracting Parties with the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Loan of 18 Millions for " the Service of the Year 1796, request that Mr. New-

land will direct the Receipts for the first Payments 4t on the Sum of 5,704,0001. Omnium, allotted to them, to be made out and delivered as follows."

I wish to add, that my House made the Payment to the Bank upon the said Sum of 5,704,000l. in One Sum, having -received from the different Parties the Deposit due by each.

296. Is that usual ?

Whenever it has been deviated from, I look upon it as a Condescension on the Part of the Principal.

297. Had you settled with your Party any Terms on which you thought the Loan ought to be accepted, supposing it to be put up to public Competition?

No — my Party had implicit Confidence in what I -should think proper to do, in that as well as in all other Respects — but I beg it may not be understood, from what I have now said, that we had come to any Resolution whatever with regard to a Competition-seeing we conceived that we had a Right to a Preference.

298. Having agreed that the proposed Loan should he exposed to Competition, upon Condition that the Option should be expressly reserved to you and your Party of taking the Loan at such a Price as should be equal in Value to one Half per Cent, on the whole Sum borrowed above the highest Offer of the Competitors, had you settled with your Party, or come to any Determination in your own Mind, as to the highest Offer on which you would make that Advance of Half per Cent. ?

I had not — It would have been in good Time to have come to that Resolution when I should have seen the Offer that was made — it was not understood that I was to make any Offer.

Vol. 31.

299. What was the Amount of per Cent. Scrip, or Inquiry

nearly so, which you held in the former Loan at any specting Time subsequent to the Two first Payments ? Lou"'

I certainly held none, as far as I can speak from Memory.

300. Did the Bank undertake to make any of the Payments on the former Loan ?

I understood they did — as I believe is generally their Practice after Two or Three Payments are made.

301. Had you ever any Intimation that a Part of the present Loan was to be in the 4per Cents?

I don't recollect that I had any such Intimation.

Then Part of Mr. Morgan's Evidence, relative to a Money Transaction to the Amount of 90,000l., supposed to have passed between Mr. Boyd and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, being read to the Witness:

He was asked,

302. Can you state any Thing relative to any such Transaction ?

I can state every thing that related to that Transaction — Early in the Month of August, if my Memory serves me, the Chancellor of the Exchequer sent for me, and asked me if it would be quite convenient for me to anticipate certain Portions of the Payments on the Loan and Lottery, which remained unpaid up and to become due in the Months of November, December, and January, in case the Public Service should find such Anticipation necessary or convenient; I replied, that from the Abundance of Money which then prevailed, I had no Doubt whatever of being able to make the Anticipation proposed. — He asked me at what Rate of Interest I should be able to make it, and I replied that I could not venture to undertake it at a lower Rate than the usual Rate of 5 per Cent.; for although I found that Money was then abundant, for Bills of Exchange, at the Rates of 4f and even Cent, that it would be dangerous for me to reckon upon that Abundance while so large a Sum of Negotiations was in Contemplation, and that besides, as I should probably be obliged to negotiate, such Effects as I might receive in Return for the Money so to be advanced, by the Intervention of Brokers, to whom I must in that Case pay a Commission, my undertaking it at a lower Rate than that at 5 per Cent, might expose me to actual Loss — upon this Representation it was agreed, that if the Anticipation should be required, the Interest upon the Advances should be calculated at the Rate of 5 per Cent. — As to the Mode of Reimbursement, the Chancellor of the Exchequer asked me, Whether Treasury Warrants would answer my Purpose ? 1 replied, That in Point of Solidity he could give me nothing better or more satisfactory; but that in case 1 should w ish to-realize these Warrants I could not bring them into the Market, nor would it be consistent with the Respectability of my House, to endeavour to raise Money upon these Warrants, incase the Advances should become inconvenient. — At that Interview between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and me, the only Thing that w-as resolved upon was, that if the Anticipation should be required, the Money most assuredly should be found — that the Rate of In- . terest should be 5 per Cent, and that I should consider of the Mode of Reimbursement which, under all the Cir- ' cumstances, should appear to me the most convenient, provided that there was nothing in that Mode incompatible with the Forms of the Public Offices.

I ought to have stated, that at that first Interview,

I strongly recommended to the Chancellor of the Exchequer the Propriety of Secrecy with regard to the Transaction proposed, giving as my Reason, that the Moment the Public should discover that such a

4 p Negotiation

330 9° Februanu . 1796.

iquiry re- Negotiation was going forward, in all Probability that ecting the Knowledge would produce a very great Scarcity of °'tn' Money, and that thus the Operation to which I con-

sented with a View to the Public Service might be rendered extremely difficult, if not in some Degree defeated.

It is necessary to say, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer gave me as a Reason why the Anticipation in question might be necessary, that perhaps the Bank of England might not find it convenient to make it.

On the 25th of August I saw the Chancellor of the Exchequer again; "when he told me, that he found he should not in any Case have Occasion for so large a Sum as he had originally mentioned, which was from Two Millions to Two Millions and an Half, if 1 am not mistaken; and he seemed to be rather uncertain as to the Periods at which the Money would be wanted; as he was at that Time rather pressed for Time, the Interview was very short, and therefore the next Day, to wit, the 2Gth of August, I addressed to him a Letter on the Subject, which I beg leave to read, and deliver in a Copy.

I perceive that I ought to have mentioned, that I had suggested to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as the Mode which appeared to me the most convenient, and the least uncommon for the Reimbursement of the Advances which I might make, would be by Bills of Exchange upon the Treasury.

[Then a Copy of the said Letter, dated 26th August 1795, was delivered in, and read, and is inserted in Appendix, N° 7.]

I received no Answer to this Letter for a Week or a Fortnight, the Chancellor of the Exchequer having gone out of Town; and upon his Return early in September, he sent for me, and renewed the Subject of the Negotiation; when it was agreed, that the Sum wanted would not exceed One Million, that 500,000 /. of the Money would be wanted about the 20th of that Month, and the other 500,000l. about the 20th of Octoberand in consequence of this Arrangement I received, on the 12th of September, an official Letter from Mr. Long relative to the Transaction, which I beg Leave to read, and deliver in.

[And the said Letter w'as accordingly delivered in, and read; Copy whereof is inserted in Appendix, N* 8.]

In consequence of that Authority I addressed, on the 14th of September, a Letter to Mr. Long, which I also beg Leave to read, and deliver in a Copy.

[And the said Copy of the said Letter was delivered in, and is inserted in Appendix, N° 9.]

I also desire to read and deliver in a Second Letter from Mr. Long, dated the 17th of September.

[And the same was accordingly delivered in, and is inserted in Appendix, N° 10.]

These are all the Circumstances which occur to me at present, as being necessary to mention relative to the Transaction in question.

303. What was the Amount of the Sum actually advanced in this Manner?

Not more than 700,000l.

304. Are you certain it was as much ?

It certainly was not more.

305. Where was Mr. Walter Boyd, Junior, at the Time these Bills were drawn ?

In London.

306. Where was he at the Time the Bills bear Date ?

He was at Hamburg, as is mentioned in my Letter to Mr. Long.

307. What was the Reason for antedating those Bills?

Because if they had been dated at the Time they

were drawn they must have borne Date at London, which would have immediately published the Transaction, which for the best of all Purposes (I mean the Public Service) I was so solicitous to conceal.

308. Were any of these Bills offered for Discount at the Bank ?

None of them were ever offered by me, or by my House. — I cannot say whether, after I had negotiated these Bills, any of them were offered at the Bank by the Indorsees.

309. Do you consider it as a regular Commercial Transaction for a Person to draw Bills as from Hamburgh, when he is actually in London

Certainly it is not the usual Mode, and indeed cannot be that in which Commercial Transactions generally take place.

310. Is such a Practice deemed among Merchants a regular Commercial Transaction ?

The Question itself shews incontestibly, that it cannot be a regular Commercial Transaction — it is as regular as the Circumstances of the Case, with all the Views which it was necessary to consider at the Time, could admit of — it would have been easy for me to have rendered the Transaction much more regular, by giving Orders to a House at Hamburgh to draw these Bills upon the Treasury — but then I must have communicated to that House the Object of the Drafts, which I wish to confine as much as possible to the Knowledge of my own House, and those immediately connected with it, and I must likewise have paid that House a Commission for drawing the Bilb, which would have thus become a Charge upon the Treasury.

311. State to the Committee your Reason for wishing to confine the Knowledge of the Transaction to your own House, and those connected with it?

I think the Committee will find the Account I gave in my Conversation with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Reason why I wished so particularly to keep this Transaction a Secret; that the

Knowledge of it would have produced a'Scarcity of Money.

312. Did you, previously to the 25th of November, receive any Assurance whatsoever from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or from any Person authorized by him, that your House or Party should have an Offer of the Loan without Competition ?

No — never the most distant Insinuation.

313. Did you think any Part of your Right to a Preference, as a Contractor to the new Loan, was grounded on this Money Transaction ?

Most certainly not — I never had any Expectation of that Sort, nor did there ever pass between the Chancellor of the Exchequer or any Person authorized by him, any Thing on which I could found any such Expectation. — When I consented to the proposed Operation (I mean respecting the Anticipation) I took no Merit at all to myself in having consented to it. — I said, that from the Abundance of Money there would be no Difficulty in doing it; and in all my Communications with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Secretaries of the Treasury, or any other Person relative to that Transaction, there will not b« found, nor did there ever exist on my Part, the most distant Insinuation that I had any preferable Right to the Loan on Account of that Transaction. I think proper to add, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer, having in some Degree honoured me with confiding to me the Secret of the Public Service requiring Assistance, I should have considered myself as contemptible in my own Eyes, if I had formed any Pretensions in consequence of that Confidence. — I will add further, that I was extremely flattered with the Idea of so having

OV V*EO. ill.

y rturua

031

having thus had an Opportunity of rendering a Service to the Public without any Hope of Reward whatever, and that it was such an Opportunity as perhaps might never occur again.

314. Bid any Person, who you conceived was acquainted with the Opinions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, ever give you the smallest Hint that such Service would be acceptable, and would be considered as having been so upon subsequent Occasions?

No, never — on this Occasion I wish to add, that I discovered by occasional Conversations with different People, that the Public had taken up the Idea, that the Operation which had been animadverted upon had been entered into under the Prospect or Promise of being preferred for the next Loan — I spurned the Idea, and never failed to express my Indignation when it was mentioned.

315. Did not your Knowledge that the first Class of

Bills, dated Hamburgh, August 7th, became due on the

10th of December, induce you to believe that the first Payment on the new Loan would be required early in that Month ?

No, It did not — I beg leave to call to the Recollection of the Committee, that I did not understand I was lending Money to Government which had not been voted by Parliament, but that I was anticipating to Government the Receipt of Money which had been voted, and which would become payable in Time for the Discharge of the Bills drawn.

316. Had you any other Money Transaction with Government in the Course of this Year, besides those you have mentioned ?

Yes — the Letter which I had the Honour to deliver, dated the 26th August, shews that I had — and besides, I had at different Times opened Credits upon the Continent for different Sums, agreeably to the Orders of Government

317. In what Form was the Condition expressed which is mentioned in your Letter of the 24th of November, viz. — " That no other Public Loan should be made until the Period fixed for the last Payment of the Loan then contracted for should be " elapsed?"

If this Condition had been reduced to any Form, there could not have ever existed any Doubt as to our Claim; I have already stated, in the Account I have given to the Committee of my Conversation with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the 24th of November, in the Presence of Mr. in Reply

to the Observation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that he did not recollect any positive Engagement, as to the Point on which I founded my Claim, that that Engagement was either positive or implied — and then I proceeded to demonstrate that the Claim was founded on the Nature of Things.

318. You assert in your Letter, that the Contract was entered into under that Condition; has the Chancellor of the Exchequer at any Time acknowledged, upon being reminded of it by you, that he had agreed to that Condition ?

I beg Leave to refer to the Evidence, which I had the Honour of giving Yesterday, for an Answer to this Question.

Withdrew.

Mr. Boyd again called in, and examined.

319. If the Money raised on the Bills which have been mentioned, was only an Anticipation of the Loan of 1795, why was the Payment of the last Class of them deferred to a Period so much later than that fixed for the last Payment of that Loan ?

I beg Leave to state to the Committee, what passed between Mr. Long and me about the Change Vol. 51.

in the Period for the Payment of these Bills. — Mr. inquiry re-

Long mentioned upon that Occasion, that there were specting the

certain Forms which frequently produced Delays with Loan'

regard to the issuing of Money, and that it was in

order to be perfectly sure that no Part of these Forms

could possibly be omitted, that the Treasury wished

so much Latitude in Point of Time for the Payment

of the Bills, beyond , the Periods at which the Funds

for discharging them would be received by the

Bank.

320. On what Ground of Calculation did you assure the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that if he consented to a private Negotiation, your Offer should be fully as liberal as if you had no Preference, and that it should equal his Expectation ?

It was not on any Ground of Calculation that I assured the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that in the Event of a private Negotiation my Offer should be as liberal as if I had no Preference — it was from feeling in my own Mind, that upon that as upon all Occasions,

I should be fully as liberal when any Matters were left to my own Decision, as I should be under any Controul whatever.

321. Did you know what his Expectation was ?

No.

322. Did the Preference proposed to be given to you, or did it not, put an End to the Competition ?

The Competitors certainly refused the Competition as proposed.

323. Is it possible to reconcile a predetermined Preference in Favour of any One Competitor, to the Principle and Effect of public Competition ?

Without pretending to decide what is possible in the Abstract on that, or indeed on any Case of Competition, I can only say, that it was perfectly possible for the Competitors to have offered agreeably to the Mode proposed.

324. Has it been stated to you by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or do you know on what Principles his Predilection in Favour of public Competition is founded.

I do not know the Principles upon which that Predilection is founded, though I have Reason to believe that it must be founded upon a Persuasion he must have, that the Principle of Competition gives the fairest Chance of obtaining the best Price.

325. Supposing the Competition to have proceeded with the Preference proposed in your Favour, would you have outbid the following Offer; viz.

£. 120 - 671 - - - £. 81 ——

25 - 66$ - - - 16 13 9

3$. 6d. Annuity at i8| - - - 3 49

100 18 6

Discount 3 per Cent. - - 3 ——

£.103 18 6

by bidding Half per Cent, above it?

If such an Offer had been made, and had been found to be the highest, I should then, and only then, have determined what I had to do.

326. Do you know, or have you any Ground for believing, that the Number of Persons holding Portions of the Five Millions Scrip, which were floating in the Market on the 24th of November, was greater Soe Mr. in your List than in the List of Mr. Morgan or Mr. Boyd's i'ur-Mellish? therExa-

I really know nothing about it. nunatien.

Withdrew. P"J*'

332

9° Februarii.

A. 1796.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

Mercurii, 20* die 1796.

!Mr. Abraham Newlandcalled in, and examined.

.327. Are you principal Cashier of the Bank?

I am.

328. How long have you been in that Situation ?

Nineteen Years.

329. From your Situation are you not conversant with the Transactions respecting Loans?

Yes.

330. From your Experience in Transactiorts of this Nature, should you have thought, if a new Loan was made, the first Payment of which was to take place previous to the last Payment of a preceding one, such a Circumstance would be a Matter of just Complaint . to the Contractors of such preceding Loan ?

I believe they would in general have made such a Complaint, because it is understood that an old Loan should be finished before a new one takes place.

331. Would the Contractors in such Case have any Cause of Complaint, supposing them to have disposed of the Scrip of the former Loan ?

I should apprehend not.

332. Do you conceive that the Contractors would have any Claim distinct from that of the original Subscribers or Scrip Holders?

No — I should think not.

333. Can you state, from your Experience in the Negotiation of former Loans, the Time that has usually elapsed between making the Contract with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Opening of the Budget ?

It varies sometimes — I believe Three or Four Days, and sometimes only Two Days. — I don't know but it may have been a Week occasionally, but I can't speak with Certainty.

334. Are you enabled, from your official Situation' to know the the different Risks incurred by the Contractors and the Subscribers to a Loan?

I should apprehend that if the Subscribers to the Loan do not fulfil their Engagements with the Contractors, that the Contractors are still bound to fulfil theirs with the Treasury.

Withdrew.

Mr. Boyd again called in, and examined.

335. Was your List ever called for by the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

No.

336. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer know the Names of your List, at the Time when the qualified Bidding was decided upon ?

No — he did not, and as far as I know, does not know them to this Moment.

337. Do you think the Contractors are bound to watch over the Interests of the Subscribers to their Lists, as far as respects the Performance of their Conditions of the Bargain ?

The Contractors certainly owe no particular Duty to the Subscribers, they on the contrary confer Favours upon the Subscribers, and in so far as the Performance of the Engagements is concerned, it is their own particular Interest which the Contractors watch over when they attend to the due Performance of what the Subscribers undertake.

338- Do you think the Contractors are bound to insist upon Government's performing their Part of the Conditions of the Bargain ?

Most undoubtedly.

339. Are they not bound so to do on Account of the Subscribers to their Lists ?

Not particularly on Account of the Subscribers, but generally for the Interest of all concerned.

340. Did the Case of the Contractors for the Loan for the Service of the Year 1795, as it was made previous to the last Payment of the preceding Loan, constitute a similar Right to what you insisted upon in the Case of the present Loan ?

It is not for me to define what were the Rights of the Contractors for the Loan for the Service of the Year 1794; all that I know of the Matter is, that it was always understood, when the Loan for the Year 1795 was negotiating, that the first Payment on that Loan could not take place until the last Payment of the preceding Loan was made.

341. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer mention the Names of the Persons whom he mentioned to you as necessary to be consulted by him on the Nature of the Claim of Preference which you had set up?

No, he did not.

342. Did any Thing particular pass between you and the other Parties, when you was waiting for the Chancellor of the Exchequer in Downing Street, on the 25th of November, relative to your Claim?

Nothing.

343. Did the Plan for the qualified Bidding of One Half per Cent, in Favour of the Public, wholly originate with you ?

Entirely and exclusively.

344. Did any Thing particular pass between you and the other Parties, after your Return to the Room, and previous to the Arrival of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, relative to your Claim ?

No.

345. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer on this Occasion, or on any other in which you have been concerned as a Contractor, ever recommend any Name or Names to be placed on your List of Subscribers ?

Never.

346. Did any other Persons, whom you conceived to be connected with him, ever, directly or indirectly, make any Recommendation of any Name or Names to be placed in your List ?

No — never.

347. Could you, as a Man of Business, have made up your Mind on the precise Price you would give relative to the Loan, without hearing all the Circumstances the Chancellor of the Exchequer might wish to state previous to the Bidding ?

To be sure I might have made up my Mind upon the Subject, without any Explanation whatever, but I should in that Case have acted very imprudently.

348. Would not the Reservation for a possible Loan for the Emperor, and for a Loan for Ireland, and for the funding of the Navy Debt, make a very material Part of your Consideration in forming your Judgment for a final Offer?

Undoubtedly.

349. Are you certain that the other Parties who came as Competitors for the Loan, withdrew from Downing Street before any Explanation of the Preliminaries took place ?

Yes.

350. Is Three per Cent, the usual Discount upon all Loans ?

I believe it has been the usual Rate of Discount upon the 90/. per Cent, or any other Part of the 90

- per

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii. 333

per Cent, from the Day on which the anticipated Payment is made to the Date of the last Payment.

351. Were the Reserves of last Year's Loan for public Companies different from those of preceding Years?

I believe not — but I can't speak to Reserves of preceding Years; having never, till December 1794, made any Contract with Government for a Loan.

352. If you had contracted for the English Loan, without being previously informed of the Possibility of an Austrian Loan being wanted, and that an Austrian Loan was afterwards to take place with a different Set of Contractors, are you not of Opinion that that Event might prove very prejudicial to such a Bargain for the English Loan?

The Case supposed could not possibly happen, unless the Chancellor of the Exchequer had (which I conceive he could not have) the Intention of drawing us into a Bargain without the Knowledge of all the Circumstances likely to affect that Bargain.

360. When you sell any Proportion of your Share Inquiry in a Loan, is it not to be understood that you transfer respecting to the Buyer your whole Interest in such Proportions so the Loan, sold?

Certainly — but I do not ierstand that while I sell

or alienate a Part of the Loan, I transfer any Part of the inalienable and inherent Right which belongs exclusively to me as a Contractor.

361. You have said, that the Proportions of the different Subscribers were allotted to them in consequence of their most earnest Solicitations, is that meant with regard to the Subscribers both as to the last Loan and the present ?

Yes.

362. When did the Governor of the Bank, whose Name appears in your List, solicit to be put down for a Share ?

I don't recollect exactly, but I suppose it must have been some Time in October.

353. When the other Competitors had left Dawning Street, on the 25th of November, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had withdrawn to consider on the Terms of the Loan of the present Year — did you, whilst he was absent, make any Calculation to yourself of what those Terms might probably be?

I did not, but some of my Party did.

354* Do you know how near their Calculations were to the Terms offered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

I can't venture to say positively, but I perfectly recollect that we were struck with the wonderful Coincidence of the Calculations, and the Terms offered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

363. When did you inform him of the Share which you intended to grant him ?

I don't recollect exactly — the general Letter of Advice was sent to all the Friends to whom we had allotted Portions of the Loan on the 25th of November.

364. Had you any Conversation with the Governor of the Bank, on the Subject of the Share which he was to have in your List?

Yes — I certainly did say to him, some Time in the Month of October, when lmet him accidentally in the Street, that it would give me great Pleasure to accommodate him as far as should be in my Power; and this was the only Answer which I gave to any body, previous to the 25th of November.

355. Did you not contract for the Irish Loan of last Year?

Yes.

356. Was not that Loan disposed of by public Competition?

Yes.

357. Do you recollect what was the Difference between the highest and lowest Offer made by the Competitors for that Loan ?

I do not recollect exactly, but I know that my Offer was very much more in Favour of the Public than any one of the other Offers — as far as my Memory serves me, 1 think my Offer exceeded the highest of the other Offers by nearly Five per Cent, of the Capital — perhaps, when I say so, I likewise take into Consideration the Price of the Lottery, for which 1 also contracted, my Opinion being, so far as I recollect, that the Irish Government saved about 50,000l. by my having been a Competitor.

358. You have spoken of a Right in the Contractors as distinguished from the Right of the Subscribers, do you conceive that it is competent to the Contractors to exercise or surrender their Right to the Detriment of the Subscribers?

1 understand that in the Exercise of any Right which is possessed exclusively by the Person so exercising it, he only follows what he conceives to be his own Interest, or what happens to be the most agreeable to himself.

359. Do you mean to contend that the Contractors for the present Loan may sanction or oppose, as of Right, the Introduction of a new Loan in the Course of a Month or Two?

I really have not made up my Mind on the Subject; if such a Case should occur, as it would be altogether new and unexpected, I should then consider what I had to do.

Vol. 51.

365. When did you first mention your Intention of undertaking to contract for the present Loan, and to whom ?

I never did formally announce any Intention on the Subject — I was applied to from all Quarters, requesting to be admitted upon my List, if I should make one, and thus was as it were pointed out — called upon by the Public to propose for the Loan.

366. When did you first engage any of your Friends to take a Part with you in contracting for the Loan ?

I have already said, that I never engaged any of my Friends to take a Share.

367. Do you mean to state, that, without any Assistance, your House was competent to advance upon a Loan the Sum of 5,704,0001. ?

I do mean it, and did say it — not precisely that we were able to advance the Whole of that Sum, but that we were perfectly able, and even provided with the Means of making deposit upon the Whole of that Sum.

368. When did you first converse with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or any confidential official Person, on the subject of the Loan for 1796?

I recollect none, except the Conversations I have already mentioned; and 1 am sure I had none with any other official Person, but the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

369. Did you ever mention to Mr. Goldsrmd, or to any other Person, your Expectation of having the Loan by a separate Contract ?

Never, excepting so far as in virtue of the Right upon which we finally did obtain it.

370. Having stated that the Chancellor of the Exchequer gave you, as a Reason why the Anticipation on the last Loan might be necessary, that perhaps the Bank of England might not find it convenient to make it, do you not consider that a private House, which

4 Quadvances

334 9° FebruariA. 1796.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

advances 700,000 /. to assist the Treasury when the Bank of England does not find it convenient to do so, confers an extraordinary Favour on the Treasury so assisted ?

I certainly do consider, that in making that Advance I did render a Service to the Treasury; but it will be found in the Account that 1 have given of the Transaction, that I could render this Service without Risk, Inconvenience, or Loss, and that therefore I was happy in the Opportunity of rendering it; with regard to its perhaps not being convenient for the Bank to make that Advance, I only considered that the Bank might at the Time be under great Advances in other Respects for Government, and I can easily conceive that it may sometimes happen that an Individual may find it inconvenient to make an Advance, which the Bank of England may not chuse to make.

371. At the Time of contracting for the present Loan, were you in Advance to Government on any other Account besides the Anticipation on the last Loan?

I do not recollect that I was — I rather think not, and my Advances for Government on the Anticipation were repaid by the Acceptances of the Treasury.

372. Had you been, in the Course of the Year 1795, in Advance on any other Account?

Yes — I had occasionally, as I believe will be found in the Account of the Transaction relative to the Anticipation.

373. Can you explain the Nature and Amount of those Advances?

I can say from Memory, and therefore not accurately, that occasionally I purchased Dollars for the Use of Government, and established Credits on the Continent at different Times; I do not recollect the Amount either of the one or the other — perhaps not exceeding in the Whole, including Credits and Advances,

2 or 300,000l.

374. Did you pay into the Office of the Paymaster General 500,000l. according to the Directions of Mr.

Long's Letter of the 12 th of September?

Yes.

375. Into whose Hands did you pay it?

Mr. Richard Molesuorth's, Accountant of the Pay

Office.

376. To whom did you pay the Remainder of the Sum advanced in Anticipation of the Loan for 1795?

To Mr. Molesuorth, excepting a Part which I had

previously furnished in Dollars.

377. Have the Bills drawn in the Name of Mr.

Boyd, Jun. and dated at Ham, 7th August 1795, which were accepted by the Treasury, and became due the loth of December last, been paid?

I suppose so — otherwise I should have heard of it

378. Were those Bills on stamped Paper?

I do not recollect — I rather think not, but it is clear the Bank must have considered them as complete and proper, otherwise they would not have paid them.

379. Do you think that the Bank would have considered them as complete and proper, if they had known that in Point of Fact they were drawn in England, and were not upon stamped Paper?

I really don't know what to think on that Subject, because it was a Subject altogether foreign to them, and which nobody had any thing to do with.

380. Do you not know that there is an Act of Parliament, requiring all Inland Bills of Exchange, not payable to Bearer, to be upon stamped Paper ?

YeB — the Reason why these Bills, drawa as dated, from Hamburgh, may probably, not-be on Stamp

Paper, is, because I intended the Bills to have been actually drawn from Hamburgh, by iny Relation, Mr. Boyd, Junior, and they would actually have been drawn from thence, if the final Arrangement regarding the Anticipation had taken place as early as I had originally expected — but Mr. Boyd, Junior, having arrived in England before the Transaction took place, he drew in London the Bills which he would otherwise have drawn from Hamburgh.

381. Was there a Payment on the last Loan due on the 27th of November?

I cannot say accurately, but I think there was about that Time.

382. Was the Amount of the Navy Debt floating in the Market, known at the Time of the Negotiation for the Loan?

All that I know about the Navy Debt is contained in the Account of the Preliminaries given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the 25th of November.

383. Do you mean to say, that the Amount of the Navy Debt was not at that Time nearly ascertained, and well known to every Person conversant in those Matters ?

I can only speak from my own Knowledge — I was not acquainted at that Time with the Amount of the Navy Debt, or Navy Bills — it was not of Importance for me to know, but it was of great Importance for me to be informed what Part of that Debt, whatever it might be, was in the Course of the Year to change its Nature, and from a floating become a funded Debt.

384. Do you conceive it was possible for any Person likely to offer for the Loan, to know what Part of those Bills were likely to be paid in ready Money, and what Part it might be necessary to fund, till he should be told it by the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

I really know of no Means by which such Knowledge could be acquired.

385. When did you first know that the Loan was to be for Eighteen Millions?

I think it was on the 23d of November, when the Governor of the Bank returned from Downing Street to the Bank.

3Sff. Did you make it any Condition with the Persons you received on your List as Subscribers, that their Names should not lie in any other List?

I did not make it any Condition; but some Time previous to the Settlement of the Bargain, w hen I was overwhelmed with Demands for Shares in the List, greatly beyond what it was in my Power to give, I requested the several Friends who had applied to me to inform me, as a Means of relieving me in some Degree

7 ~ o

from the Embarrassment occasioned from the Multiplicity of Demands, whether they confined their Prospects of Success to the Success of my List. — Such Friends as confessed they had not so confined their Hopes of Success, I conceived myself obliged to observe less Delicacy with, than with those who had embarked all their Hopes upon my Success.

387. Was Mr. Morgan a Competitor with you for the Irish Loan of 1795 ?

I cannot say exactly whether he was or not: but I think he must have been interested in an Offer made by Mr. Nesbit, because I understand they used to be concerned together; and particularly because I saw Mr. Nesbit and Mr. Morgan make an Offer for the last English Lottery; which Offer, if I am not mistaken, was considerably the least advantageous to the Public of all that were made.

388. For how much was it understood or apprehended

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii.

335

hended that the Loan would be previous to the 23d of

November ?

I think I had only then heard of 16 or 17 Millions.

389. Was there no Addition made to the Shares of the different Subscribers, which had been allotted on the 22d of November, when you afterwards had it

explained to you that the Loan was to be for a larger Sum than you at that Time expected it to be ?

I certainly did make some Additions, but no Deductions. — 1 did not' recollect the Circumstance of those Additions when I gave my Answer to a former Question on this Subject. — By Additions, I mean additional Sums to some of the Names already there — I added no new Names.

390. Do you recollect whether the former Distribution was made on 1G or 17 Millions.

On 1 7 Millions. Withdrew.

Daniel Giles, Esquire, called in, and examined.

391. Will you state to the Committee the Circumstances which you know relative to the Negotiation, and all the Transactions concerning the Loan for the Service of the Year 1796?

Yes; on the 25th of November 1795, the Governor and Deputy Governor waited on Mr. Pitt, in consequence of an Appointment made by him, to be present at the Arrangement of a Loan which he intended to settle with those Persons who were disposed to be Contractors for the same. — The Gentlemen who intended to bid for it were, Messrs. Boyd and Co.; Curtis and Co.; B. and A.; and

Salomons; (who had the Loan last Year without Competition) Messrs. John and William and

Mr. James Morgan.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer mentioned to the Governor and Deputy Governor that his Intention was to make the Loan by Competition, but he found himself embarrassed by a Memorial which the Contractors of the last Loan had presented him, and which he read to them, wherein they stated, that from what passed at the concluding of the last Loan, when Mr. Pitt gave his Word that no fresh Loan for this Country should be brought forward until all the Payments on that Engagement were completed, they therefore alleged that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was precluded from making any new Loan until the former one was paid in full; but adding, that if the Public Service absolutely required a new Loan to be made, they were willing, on behalf of themselves and the Friends concerned with them, to wave their Objections to the Measure, on this Condition, that each Party desirous to bid for the Loan might give in their Offer, and if the Offer of any other Party should be higher than theirs, they might have the Option of taking the Loan at an Advance of 90,000l. or One Half per Cent, above those Terms, in Favour of the Public.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer then referred to the Governor whether he recollected, that at the Meeting and making of the last Loan he had committed himself to a Promise of that Kind. The Governor said, he thought Mr. Pitt had, in some Measure, committed himself to a Promise of that Kind, stating a Circumstance, that on the adjusting the Days of Payment for the then Loan, one of the Contracting Party had wished to have the last Payment in February 1796, instead of January, but was answered by Mr. Pitt, that he could not assent to that, as he might possibly want to raise a new Loan in1 the Month of January. The Deputy Governor said, that not being present at the Settling the last Loan, he could not say anything on the Subject.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer then had Mr.

Vo l. 51.

and Mr. Robarts called in; and asked, if the Loan Inquiry

should be allotted to them without Competition, whether respecting the y would consent to the Terms he himself might the Loan* fix ? Their Answer was, that they would trust to Mr. Pitt's Candour in the Matter, and take it on his own Terms.

Mr. Pitt after this met all the Gentlemen who meant to be Contractors in another Room, and stated the Case to them — afterwards proposing to Messrs. Mellish and Mr. Morgan if they had any Objection to give in their Proposals on those Terms; adding, that as he did not wish to take them by Surprize, if they desired a Delay to consult their Friends, anB think further on it themselves, they might have it. Messrs. Mellishes said, that as Delay might be prejudicial to public Business, they now decided that they should not.

Mr. Morgan also declined it.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer then retired with the Governor and Deputy Governor a few Minutes, and settled it himself in the following Manner:

For 100l.-120 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities.

25 Reduced Annuities 3 Cent.

6/6 Long Annuity. . , with the usual Discounts for prompt Payment, See.

&c. &c.

The Contractors then claimed to know whether any farther Sums would be raised within the Terms of the Payments of this Loan.

Mr. Pitt reserved to himself the Power, if necessary,

to permit a further Loan for the Emperor as far as Three Millions, and said that he should probably issue One Million and a Half Exchequer Bills on the Market if he wanted it; and he reserved also the Power to fund Navy Bills towards the Middle of the Year to the Amount of Five Millions, if he should find it necessary — He also added, that should he wish to add another Million to the Loan, and make it in all Nineteen Millions, if in that Case whether they would have any Objection to take it also — to this they assented.

See Mr. Giles's further Examination; P. 340.

Withdrew.

Received and read a Letter from Mr. Morgan to the Chairman of the Committee, dated 16th January 1796, stating, that the subscribers to his List think it improper that he should deliver in their Names; which Letter is inserted in Appendix, N° 11.

Also, received and read another Letter from Mr. Morgan, of the same Date, respecting his

Proposal of the 7th of December, stating, that the Gentlemen intending to be joint Securities had cancelled their Names; which Letteris inserted in Appendix, N° 12.

Also, received and read another Letter from Mr. Morgan dated 20th of January, containing his Opinion respecting the Difference between the Offers likely to be made between the Competitors for the Loan; which Letter - is also inserted in Appendix, N° 13.

Account of Money received at the Bank on the Loan of 1795, on the 1st of and 24th of

November 1795, delivered in and read; and ia inserted in Appendix, N° 14.

Jervis, 21° die Januarii 1796.

George Ridge, Esquire, called in, and examined.

392. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ?

- Yes; in the List of Mr. Robarts, to the Amount of 56,0001.

393-

Is that whole Sum for. yourself ?

For myself and Partners — the House of Biddulph Cocks, and Co.

394.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

336 9° Februarii. A. 1796.

394. Is the Committee then to understand that no other Person whatever has any Interest in the same, directly or indirectly, except the Partners in the House ?

The Partners have not the Whole of it

395. Will you state to the Committee the Names of the other Persons exclusive of the Partners in the House, who have an Interest in that Sum ?

I beg Leave to decline answering that Question; but they are all Customers of the Banking House.

396. Have you any Objection to state what Part the House has, and what Part is divided among the Customers ?

I beg to decline answering that Question.

397. Would you object to asking Permission of your Customers to deliver in their Names?

No. Withdrew.

100,000l. for Friends, who applied to me to procure them some of the Loan.

407. Have you any Objection to deliver in to the Committee the Names of those Friends, with the respective Sums ?

Personally I have none, but I do not conceive I am warranted to do so without asking their Permission, which I will take the earliest Opportunity of doing, and will communicate the Result to the Committee.

Withdrew.

Mr. William Hancock called in, and examined.

40S. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ?

Not myself, but the Quantity of the Loan which stands in my Name, to the Amount of 200,000l. is the One Half of the Sum for which Smith, Payne, and Smiths, to whom I am Clerk, were named in Mr. Boyd's List.

And the Witness being again called in, and acquainted, that the Committee had resolved " That " it is of essential Importance to the Public, that the " Lists of the several Gentlemen who are the Sub-u scribers to the present Loan, under the Contractors " for the said Loan, should be delivered in to the " Committee:"

He was asked,

398. Do you persist to decline giving in their Names now ?

Yes — I wish first to mention it to my Partners.

Withdrew.

Godschall Johnson, Esquire, called in, and examined.

399. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ?

Yes: in the List of Boyd, and Co. to the

Amount of 350,000 /.

400. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

I took the whole Subscription for myself, with a View of giving some to some particular Friends.

401. Have you any Objection to deliver in the Names of those Persons, to whom you distributed that Part of the Sum which you did not retain.

I can have no possible Objection, but I certainly wish to communicate with them before I deliver in their Names; and I will consult them, and communicate the result thereof to the Committee.

Withdrew.

John Julius Angerslein, Esquire, called in, and examined.

402. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan;

Yes; in the List of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. to the Amount of 350,000 /.

403. Is that whole Sum for yourself ?

Part only, and Part for Friends.

404* Have you any Objection to deliver in to the Committee the Names of those Friends, with the respective Sums ?

I am not at Liberty to do that — 1 must consult my Friends upon it, which I will take the earliest Opportunity of doing, and will communicate the Result to the Committee.

Withdrew.

Charles Herries, Esquire, called in, and Examined.

405. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ?

Yes; in the List of Boyd, , and Co. to the

Amount of 250,000 /.

406. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No — there is 150,000 /. for my House, and

409. Do you know whether that Sum was for the Account of the House only, or was distributed among any other Persons?

Not only the 200,000 /. in my Name, but an additional Sum of 200,000 /. in the Name of Richard Ostein, was divided among 61 Houses, Customers and Correspondents with Smith, Payne, and Smiths.

410. Have you any Objection to deliver in to the Committee the Names of those Customers and Correspondents, with the respective Sums?

No.

[And he delivered in the List.]

411. Do you know, of your own Knowledge, that those Sums were distributed in the precise Manner as is stated in the List delivered in by you ?

I do; and that the House did not retain any Part

for themselves.

412. Will you state the Reason of the Subscription allotted to Messrs Smith, Payne, and Smiths, being put into your Name and Mr. Ostein's, and not in that of the House ?

On Account of the vast Number of Receipts of which the Sum was composed, all of which required our Indorsement; and in order to avoid to the Partners the Trouble of signing them, as it would have interfered with their more important Engagements, and that the Receipts having passed through Mr. and my Hands only, it would more certainly ascertain the regular Delivery of them to the respective Parties.

Withdrew.

Thomas Hammersley, Esquire, called in, and examined.

413. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ?

Yes; in Mr. Boyd's List, to the Amount of

100,000l.

414. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

415. Have you any Objection to deliver in to the Committee the Names of those to whom you may have distributed a Part of that Sum ?

I can have no Objection in my own Person, but as it is a Matter of great Delicacy, I should wish to consult the Parties before I do it, which I will do immediately, and communicate the Result to the Committee — I reserved to the House 16,000l.

Withdrew.

Sir Robert Herries called in, and examined.

416. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ?

Yes; in Mr. Boyd's List, to the Amount of

80,000 /.

417. Is

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii337

417. Is that whole Sum for ^ourself?

No — I asked for a larger Sum in the Name of my Banking House, and for Account of that House, its Friends and Customers, but no more than 80,000l. was granted me; and that Sum was divided among those Friends and Employers of the House, and for Account of the House itself, rata of the Sum asked.

418. How much of that Sum was kept for the House ?

15,000l. and some odd Hundreds.

419. Will you state the Names of those Persons to whom the other Parts of the Sum were distributed ?

I have not brought the List with me, because I considered it unnecessary, it being a general Rule in the Banking Line of Business, not to divulge any Thing concerning that Business without being forced so to do in the Course of Law, or without having the Permission of the Parties, and of the Society of Bankers in general, consisting of 49 Houses, for departing from a general Rule in that Business.

420. Is there such a Society of Bankers, or where does it exist ?

There is, and it meets generally at the London

Coffee-House, Ludgate-Hill.

421. Is the Rule you allude to reduced to Writing, and do you consider it as binding on the Members of the Society to which you allude ?

It is not reduced to Writing, nor is it any Rule particularly of that Society of Bankers, which is instituted chiefly to prosecute Forgers at the common Expence of the Society; but I understand it to have been a general Rule Time immemorial among Bankers, not to divulge the Situation of the Accounts in their Books without being forced so to do, or permitted as before-mentioned.

422. Will you desire the Permission of the Parties to whom the Sums alluded to have been allotted, and on receiving such Permission are you ready to deliver in a List of their Names ?

I have no Objection to do so.

423. Had your House any, and what Share in the Loan for the Service of the Year 1795 ?

Yes — the same Sum.

424. Have you any Share in the present Loan in any other Name ?

* Withdrew.

Pascoe Grenfell, Esquire, called in, and examined.

425. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan, in what List, and for what Sum ?

I am a Subscriber in the List of Messrs. Robarts Curtis, and Co. for the Sum of 212,500l. — and in the List of Messrs. ThcllussonsI have 5,000l. — and as a Director of the Royal Exchange Insurance I have 7,000l.

426. Is the Whole of that Sum of 212,500l. on your own Account ?

It is not.

427. State to the Committee the Names of the Parties among whom that Sum is distributed ?

It will be with great Regret if I do not conform to the Resolution of the Committee which has been just read to me — but as at the Time when I agreed that certain Gentlemen should hold certain Portions of the Sums which stand in my Name, I promised not to mention their Names — I respectfully trust the Committee will not press me so to do: I will however state that 90,000l. of that Sum belongs to my Partners

Vol. 51.

Thomas Williams, Owen Williams, William Grenfell, John Grenfell, and myself.

428. Will you solicit the Permission of the Persons among whom the Remainder of that Sum was distributed, to deliver in their £Names, and if obtained to deliver them ?

I will, and will communicate the Result to the

Commit, ee Withdrew.

John William Ker, Esquire, called in, and examined.

429. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan, in what List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Boyd's, for the Sum of 150,000l.

430. Is the Whole of that Sum on your own Account ?

The Whole is for my Account and that of a Relation of mine, my Brother James Ker. — 132,000 /. for myself, and the rest for my Brother.

431. Had no other Person but yourself a Share in the 132,000l.?

No Person whatsoever.

Withdrew.

George Woodford Thellusso Esquire, called in, and examined.

432. Are you a Subscriber in the present Loan, in what List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in the List of Peter Thellusson, for the Sum of 245,000l.

433. Is the Whole of that Sum on your own Account ?

Not entirely.

434. Will you state to the Committee to whom any Part of that Sum was allotted ?

It was to myself, Correspondents, and nobody else.

435. Have you any Objection to deliver in a List of those Correspondents, with the respective Sums distributed to them ?

I should wish not to deliver it in without their Permission.

436. Will you endeavour to obtain that Permission, and then to deliver in to the Committee their Names ?

I certainly would — but it was all distributed to Persons Abroad.

437. What Sum or Sums stands in the Name of any other Part of your Family of which you can give an Account?

I believe only 200,000l. in the Name of my Brother Charles, and I should wish to'give an Account of the Whole 445,000l. together, as the 200,000l. was only put in the Name of my Brother for the Convenience of indorsing the Receipts, and he had no Concern in the Management of it.

438. How much of that 445,000l. was retained for the House?

400,000l.

439. Had no other Persons whatever any Interest in that Sum ?

No other Person except we Three Brothers, unless some Part of that, which we have made Presents of to Relations.

Withdrew.

William Mellish, Esquire, called in, and examined.

440. Did you offer yourself to contract for the late Loan?

We attended in Downing Street on the 25th of November, with an Intention of hearing Mr. Pitt's

4 R Proposals

Inquiry

specting

Loan.

338 9° FebruaA. 1796.

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

t

Proposals for the ensuing Loan, and of going on the Friday following to bid for it.

441. Will you state the Circumstances which led you to wait on the Chancellor of the Exchequer with that Intention, and what passed thereupon ?

The last and the final Determination of our going up to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the Wednesday, was from a Letter which we received from Mr. Rose the Evening before, purporting, that if we wished to have any Communication concerning the Loan we should attend as the next Dav; but we were always led to understand, from difl'ercnt Circumstances, the Chancellor of the Exchequer intended to have a Competition for the Loan. — We arrived in Donning Street, and were introduced into a Room together, where we waited some Time; during which Time Mr. Boyd and Mr. Robarts were called out of the Room, and, as I supposed, to have an Interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer. In a short Time Mr. Robarts and also Mr. Boyd returned, and afterwards w e were all introduced into another Room; and a little Time afterward, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank, Mr. Rose, and Mr. I believe, came into the Room — The Chancellor of the Exchequer mentioned, that before he could enter into any Conversation in regard to what the Loan was to be composed of, or something to that Purpose, he must first relate to us a Circumstance which had happened — lie then took up a Paper in his Hand, and said, that the Gentlemen that had contracted for the last Loan, felt themselves aggrieved from his wishing to raise a new Loan before the Payments on the last were fully made, as they understood, in the former Contract for the last Loan, it was a Condition, that there should be no new Loan raised before all the Payments in that Loan were made.

I believe the Chancellor of the Exchequer then said, he had received a Memorial from Messrs. Boyd, stating a Proposition to the other Competitors; and then applied to Messrs. Boyd, whether they had any Objection to his reading it; to which they answered that they had not — The Chancellor of the Exchequer immediately then read the Memorial, the Purport of which was, that Mr. Morgan and ourselves were to bid for the Loan; and that Messrs. Boyds were to have the Refusal, upon the best Offer, at One Half per Cent, better for the Public — I believe I then said, immediately after the Chancellor of the Exchequer had read the Paper, that it was impossible — I rather think I repeated the Words, " It is impossible," Two or Three Times — The Conversation that immediately afterwards ensued was, whether Messrs. Boyds ought to have that Preference which they stated, and different Opinions were expressed. Mr. Morgan appeared to wish to enter into the Discussion with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whether Messrs. Boyds were entitled to that Preference; and, I believe, I rather interrupted him, addressing myself to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, saying, that I really thought that was a Point that should be settled between him and Messrs. Boyd; for that, not being present at the Bargain of the preceding Loan, we could not be a Judge of the Propriety of their having a Preference; and at any Rate it was a Point I thought ought not to be discussed by us; and I believe the Chancellor of the Exchequer acquiesced that I was right — Mr. Morgan appeared still to wish to enter into the Discussion; and said, that it was not only Mr. Boyd, supposing that there was any Preference, that should have it, out his whole List; and I think he went on and said, it would fall on tire present Stockholders. Some little Conversation then ensued between Mr. Boyd and Mr Morgan; and Mr. Boyd said, he was a great Stockholder; I did not hear exactly what Sum; but

I afterwards heard that he said it was for a large Amount. I think then Mr. Morgan still pursued his Wish for a Discussion, and said something in Regard to Mr. Pitt's Conduct; and, from what Mr. Pitt replied to Mr. Morgan, the Chancellor of the Exchequer certainly did not seem to be pleased. — I believe Air. Pitt said to us, Would you wish to have any Time to consider of this Proposal r I immediately answered,

I think I said, " I was astonished." I was surprised indeed, to have such a Proposal made to us; and that as we (meaning myself and my Brother) were of the same Opinion, that we did not think it was material; at the same Time, it would give us Pleasure to consult our Friends; for, turning to Air. I said,

You must be sensible we do not come for Eighteen Alillions for ourselves — some Altercation afterwards took place, the Purport of which I do not think was material, whether Alessrs. Boyd should have the Preference. — A little Pause then took place, when Air. Pitt turned unto my Brother and me, and said, Would you wish to have Two or Three Days? — -I believe I had said to him before, that we should be extremely sorry to be any Detriment to his present Loan by any small Delay, and that if he thought that it might be any Injury to it, we did not think it was material to us to take the Time for Consideration, as it was so notorious to us both, turning round to my Brother (who said, Refuse it, No, No) that we could not accept it, but that I must beg to say, I was astonished and surprised to hear such a Proposal made from one Set of Mercantile Men to another Set; for that in any large Transaction; the Moment it was concluded, several Persons would be ready to give you a Profit upon it, only upon the Idea that it would be a good Thing, or Words to that Effect — A Pause here took place again, and in a short Time Mr. Pitt looked at us as if he wished us to withdraw, on which we immediately left the Room. — In going through the Passage, Air. ^Morgan said, " a Word with you," and took me and my Brother aside, and said, What do you think of sealing up Proposals, or something to that Effect? and I immediately answ'ered, that I would not think of having any Thing to do with it.

442. Have you ever heard it maintained, among Persons in the Habit of contracting for Loans, that Alessrs. Boyd and Co. had any Claim to the Preference they demanded on the Ground of common Usage and Practice, independent of any specific Engagement.

It has happened on a former Loan that a Alinister declared, as well as I recollect, that he would not raise any more Money before all the Payments were made on the preceding Loan; and I certainly should think if a Alinister made me such a Promise, that his attempting to make a fresh Loan before all the Payments on a preceding one, would not be right, but if it were absolutely necessary for the Country, I do not think I should have Reason myself, as the preceding Contractor, to demand of him the Preference, unless I was a great Stockholder; but had I not any Stock, I certainly think that every Person upon my List who was possessed of any of the preceding Loan, would have great Reason to complain, and would undoubtedly have a Right to come to me, and beg my Interference with the Alinister for the Loan not to take place, or to get whatever Preference or Benefit I could for the Loss they might sustain as Holders of the Stock which they had purchased, on the Ground that no new Loan would be made until a fixed Period: but without a specific Agreement that he would not raise another Loan before all the Payments on the preceding one were made, I should certainly think he had a Right to raise another whenever he thought proper, without tire preceding Contractors having a Right to any Preference whatever.

443. Before

36 (iEO. 111. 9"

443. Before the Day when you attended Mr.

had you any Reason to doubt that the Loan w ould be open to Competition on equal Terms ?

I certainly had some little Suspicion that it would not be by Competition, but was thoroughly convinced in my own Mind before 1 went up that it would be; but when Mr. Boyd and Mr. Robarts were called out of the Room at Sir. Pitt's, I had a Suspicion that it would not be by Competition, and said, " Hey Day, a " Secret Committee!" — on the Morning before we went up, some body said to me that he had still a Suspicion, and I answered that it was impossible, for that we had received a Letter from Mr. Rose desiring our Attendance that Morning.

444. At what Time, and on what Ground, did you first entertain the Suspicion mentioned in the first Words of your last Answer?

I can't exactly state the Time I had that Suspicion, nor had I any other Ground than the general Conversation of my Friends and the Public — I should say, I believe one Ground that was reported was, that he had promised Messrs. Boyd's Party on the former Loan that he would not raise another till all the Payments were made, and as it would in all Probability be necessary to make a fresh Loan before the Termination of the Payment on the preceding one, it could not be done without Mr. Boyd's Acquiescence.

445. Had you no other Grounds for entertaining that Suspicion?

I had no other Grounds than that single one which I have before related, as well as the general Conversation of the Public.

cise Terms which you would have offered for the Loan Inquiry re-on Wednesday the 25 th of November ? Loa^1116

It is impossible I can, for we did not on that Day go up to Mr. Pitt's for the Purpose of bidding for the Loan.

451. Did you, from the Whole of what passed between you and the Governor of the Bank on the Subject of the Drafts from Hamburgh, conclude that it was the Opinion of the Governor that Mr. Boyd would have the Loan on that Account ?

I certainly did not.

452. Did your Conversation with the Governor lead you to conclude, that the Transaction of the Bills from Hamburgh would procure to Mr. Boyd any Preference whatever, or be productive of any Influence in his Favour in the Negotiation of the Loan?

I do not think that any Conversation I had with the Governor led me to suppose that any Preference would be given to Messrs. Boyd more than the Conversation with any other Friend; but when, as I have before stated, I have been of different Opinion, whether the Loan would be by Competition or not, I certainly thought that that Transaction might gain Mr. Boyd some Influence with the Minister to obtain a Preference.

453* Was this the Opinion of your other Friends?

I can't say, nor did I mean to say, that it was the Opinion of any particular Friend that Messrs. Boyd and Co. would get a Preference on this Account, but as the Report prevailed that the Minister had been assisted by these Drafts from Hamburgh, I rather thought some Preference might be given.

446. Can you recollect whether you ever received any Intimation from the Governor of the Bank on this Subject, namely, that the Loan would or would not be by Competition ?

Being intimate with the Governor, I certainly have had different Conversations with him, and think I may safely say I have heard his Doubts one way or the other.

447. Did the Governor of the Bank ever suggest to you any particular Reason for thinking that the Loan would be given to Messrs. Boyd and Co. ?

I do not think that I can say that he actually stated any absolute Reason why Messrs. Boyd and Co. would get the Loan; but as it was said that Mr. Pitt had made a Promise not to raise another Loan before the Payments on the last were made, his Conversation seemed to tend that it was likely Messrs. Boyd might get some Preference.

448. Did the Governor of the Bank ever mention to you that a Service had been rendered in the Course of the Summer to the Treasury by Messrs. Boyd and Co. in a pecuniary Transaction, which might influence the Chancellor of the Exchequer to give the Preference in the Loan to those Gentlemen ?

I do not recollect any particular Conversation with the Governor on this Subject, but it is very probable, and indeed I may say more than probable, that he has been by when I have been in Conversation with others on the Subject of the Drafts from Hamburgh, or that I may have had some Conversation with him on that Subject — I do not think that the Governor of the Bank ever said to me positively that he thought the Minister had received Accommodation from Messrs. Boyd and Co.; but I cannot say I ever knew him contradict the general Report amongst my Friends that it was supposed those Drafts were an Accommodation to the Minister.

454. Do you recollect the Chancellor of the Exchequer, at the Meeting in Downing Street on the 25th of November, repeatedly asking you whether you wished a further Time to consult your Friends on the Proposal which he had made of the qualified Competition, and your ultimately declining it ?

I certainly do recollect, as before stated, that he made us the Offer Twice; but had Mr. Pitt said, Will you have Two or Three Days to consider of it ? and explained that Delay would not be ' an Injury to the Loan, I certainly should have accepted of it, in order to have consulted my Friends upon it, notwithstanding my Brother and myself were so decided in our Opinion upon it.

455. Do you conceive that Mr. Pitt expressed an Opinion, that that Delay would hive been of any Injury to the Loan ?

I do not think that Mr. Pitt expressed any Thing on the Subject — indeed I am pretty sure he never did; but I implied, considering the Answers I made to him, from his not saying, take Two or Three Days to consider of it, that he thought it might be some Injury to it — Had the Minister reserved the Power of raising a Loan of Three Millions for the Emperor, and I had thought that it was likely to take place, I think it would certainly make a Difference as to the Price.

456. Who alone does Government look to for the Performance of the Contract ?

I should suppose to the Contractors only.

457. Are you aware that the Contractors incur any greater Risk, except that which is incurred by Subscribers in general ?

I am certainly aware that the Contractors for the Loan are answerable for the Whole, and that the Subscribers are only answerable to them as a secondary Transaction. Withdrew.

449. Can you recollect what he did say to you on this Point?

I cannot exactly.

45£K Wifi y°u state, as nearly as you can, the pre-Vo l. 51.

George Ward, Esquire, called in, and examined.

458. Are you a Subscriber to the present Loan ? Yes; for 685,000l.

459. Was

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

340 9° Februarii. A. 1796.

4^9. Was the Whole of that Sum for yourself only ?

Certainly not.

460. Will you deliver in to the Committee the List of those among whom you have distributed any Portions of that Sum ?

I am ready, under the Requisition of the Committee, to deliver in that List,

[And the said List was delivered in accordingly.]

Withdrew.

Veneris, 22* die 1796.

Peter Thcllusson, Esquire, called in, and examined.

461. Were you a Contractor or Subscriber to the present Loan, and for what Sum r

I joined Mr. Robarts — I had 1,141,000l., which includes the Sums in the Name of my Two Sons.

462. Does any Part of the Remainder of that 1,141,000l. stand in your own Name ?

Yes, 430,000l.

463. Was that 430,000l. for yourself only ?

No.

464. Will you state to the Committee the Names of those Persons among whom that 430,000l., or any Part of it, was distributed ?

400,000l. was kept for some of my Friends, and for myself.

[And he delivered in a List of the Remainder.]

465. Are there any other Persons among whom any Part of your Share was distributed, except your ow n Relatives ?

No.

Withdrew.

Mr. Giles again called in, and examined.

4G6. Had you any Conversations with Mr. Morgan, in October and November last, on the Subject of the expected Loan?

As to the Time, I can't exactly speak, but I think it was in November, Mr. Morgan called upon me at the Rank, and told me he had an Intention of making a List, and if I would be upon it, and my Friends, he would be very glad to have my Name; he then stated that in the Formation of his List he should subject every Subscriber to the signing a Letter that they should not be in any other List but his — I told him that if that was the Case I could not be in his List, for I had already engaged with the other Two Parties to be upon their List — he said, he would exempt me and my Friends from signing such a Letter — and then, or soon after, I gave him the List which I now deliver in.

Air. Morgan afterwards came and told me, if the Loan should be for Seventeen Alillions, I might take as far as 15,000l. more, and if Eighteen Alillions, 35,000l. more; which I assented to, but not for myself.

467. Did you, in any of these Conversations, give him any Information respecting the Manner in which (as you understood) the Chancellor of the Exchequer meant to settle the Loan, that is, whether by open Competition or otherwise ?

I could not do it when this Alatter was first talked of, because I did not know it; but I did afterwards, I believe on the 22d or 23d of November, tell him that it was to be by Competition, and we were to go up on Wednesday.

468. Did you at any Time express to Mr. JMorgan your Opinion that the Loan would not be settled by

open Competition, but that it would be given to Alessrs. Boyds ?

Certainly not in such Words as those — I confess that I did in private confidential Conversation, which I apprehend with Deference no Gentleman could deem himself justified in divulging, tell him that I had my Suspicions that Air. Boyd's Party would, or might, have a Preference.

469. At what Time ?

I believe I did repeatedly, but I don't recollect the Dates; but it was all previons to Monday the 23d Day

of November.

470. Upon what Grounds wrere your Suspicions formed ?

Aly Reasons were, that I conceived Air. Boyd's Party, in point of good Faith, had a Claim to some Preference from the Conditions stipulated at the making of the preceding Loan having been deviated from, and I thought them too sagacious to omit availing themselves of that Circumstance.

471. Did you state that Reason to Air. Morgan

No — I-don't know that I ever mentioned it to any

body — I did not to him.

472. Did you state to him any other Reason for your Suspicion ?

No; I don't recollect that I did; I had no other Reason.

473. Did you state to him that there had been a Aloney Transaction in the Course of the Summer to the Amount of 900,000l., in which Alessrs. Boyds had accommodated Government?

Certainly not; whether Air. Morgan first spoke to me of Treasury Bills, or I to him, I really don't know, but we had a Conversation about them, and I believe it was Air. Morgan who first mentioned them to me; I told him I knew nothing of the Transaction officially, but I had a great many of the Bills put into my Hands, and had discounted Two or Three of them in my private Capacity — Air. Morgan knew as much or more of the Transaction than I did, as it seemed to me by his Conversation.

474. Of what Nature were those Treasury Bills ?

If I recollect right, they were drawn by a Boyd, junior, dated at Hamburgh, to the Order of Boyd, Benfield, and Company, on the Commissioners of the Treasury, of different Dates, and accepted by Air. Long.

475. Was your own private Opinion, that a Preference w ould be given to Air. Boyd, in any Degree founded upon this Transaction ?

Had there been no other Reasons in my Alind, I should certainly have not suspected that any Preference would be given to Air. Boyd on that Account, but it was natural for me to think that it could not impede that Preference; I mean simply this, that it could not put him in a worse Situation.

476. Do you not think it put him in a better Situation ?

I really did not turn this in my Alind so as to have those distinct Ideas about it; I never went further in Conversation with Air. Morgan, than to say, in Effect, that I had my Suspicions, which I did repeatedly.

477. Did you ever in Conversation with Air. Morgan, upon the Subject of his Intention to become a Bidder for the Loan, say, that you thought that he would be tricked, or use Words to that Effect?

Never in my Life, to my Know ledge — but I can't be sure that I did not use such a Word, but if I did, it certainly was in a joking Way — but I don't recollect it.

478. Did

36 Geo. III. 9° Febru 341

478. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer, at any Time in the Course of the last Year, apply to the Bank for Money to be advanced in Anticipation of the last Loan ?

Neither last Year nor ever — I never knew such a Thing.

479. Do you recollect perfectly that Mr. Morgan said, he should subject every Subscriber to the signing a Letter that they should not be in any other List but his?

So I understood it, and he put a printed Form of a Letter in my Hand, and left it with me.

480. Did you not understand Mr. Morgan to allow the same Latitude or Indulgence to the Friends in your List, as to yourself, to be in the Lists of the other Parties offering for the Loan ?

Most certainly.

481. Were the Friends on your List all Directors of the Bank ?

No — about One Half were not.

482. Did you ever tell Mr. Morgan that you did not consider any Thing which passed at the settling of the Loan in November 1794, for the Service of the Year 1795, as a Pledge, or entitled to Weight in Favour of the Pretensions of Messrs. Boyd and Co. to have a Preference to the Negotiation for the Loan of 1796 ?

I don't recollect that I did — it is possible that I might say to Mr. Morgan, that Mr. Boyd's Party had some Right to claim a Preference, owing to this Loan being made before the other was extinct.

483. Did you ever say to Mr. Morgan that you thought they had not such a Right ?

No — never, certainly.

484. In any of those Conversations with Mr. Morgan to which you have alluded, did he express to you his Opinion, that the Transaction of the Hamburgh Bills would be productive of any Degree of Preference to Messrs. Boyds in the Negotiation for the Loan ?

No, never — and I believe that Mr. Morgan never suspected that Messrs. Boyd would have a Preference at all, I believe he always thought it would be by Competition.

485. In the several Public Loans which you have known, has it or has it not been understood by the Parties, that no Second Loan should take place till after the last Payment of the former, or that if political Events should render such Second Loan necessary, the former Contractors had a Right to a Refusal of that Second Loan, or to some other adequate Compensation ?

I don't recollect any Loan made for the Receipts to come out before the others were totally extinct — Mr. Newland looked back a great Way, but since the Establishment of the Bank, no new Loan has been made when two Payments of the preceding One were not fulfilled, as in the present Case.

486. On what Days were those Two last Payments to be made on the Loan for 1795 ?

On the 27th of November and the 15th of January — and there were 3,356,265/. floating Receipts, of the English and Imperial Loan, in the Market on the 24th of November.

And the Witness delivered in the following Particulars of the Statement; viz.

" Loan due to the Bank 24 November 1795.

" On £. 280,500 - - 3 per.

" 649,750 - - 4 per Cents.

" 4,575 2 5 Long Ann*.

" £.387,941-"

The Witness also delivered in a Paper, intituled, " Amount of Stock created by Loan of 1795,

Vox.. 51.

" which was entered in the Books of the Bank, inquiry " on the 1st of August and 24th of November *pecting " 1795, and likewise of the Stock of the said LoanLoan not entered on those DaysWhich " Paper is inserted in Appendix, N° 15.

And being further examined, he was asked,

487. Does the Sum which you state to have remained payable on the 24th of November, of the Loan for the Service of the Year 1795, include the Sum which the 1 Bank had advanced for Holders of Receipts ?

No — that is paid to the Public — it is a private Account between the Bank and Holders of those Receipts.

488. Then do you not conceive that the Sum so advanced by the Bank, is a Part of the Loan still outstanding as a Load upon the Public?

It is Part of the floating Receipt not made Stock.

489. State the whole Amount of that on the 24th of

November f

It appears upon the Account delivered in to be on < the English Loan - - - - £.1,962,531 and

On the Imperial - - - - 1,393,734

Total - - £.3,356,265

490. Are the Two last Payments on the Money borrowed, for which this Capital was created, the Whole that then remained to be paid on the English and Imperial Loans for 1795 ?

Yes.

491. Do you know the Amount which the Bank had advanced on the 24th of November, on the Receipts pledged to them ?

387,941 /.

492. Do you know the Amount in Money which on the 24th of November remained unpaid upon the English Loan ?

445,718/-

493. Do you know the Amount in Money which on the 24th of November remained unpaid upon the Austrian Loan?

No.

494. In the particular State of the Loan of 1795, do you think that a Competition for the Loan lately settled would have been unfair, and an Act of Injustice to Messrs Boyd and his Party ?

I think they would have had great Reason to complain.

495. When did you first see Mr. Boyd's Letter to the ' Chancellor of the Exchequer on this Subject ?

On the 25th of November.

496. Did you state this as your Opinion to the Chancellor of the Exchequer at any Time before you saw that Letter ?

No — I never mentioned such a Thing to him in my Life.

497. When the Chancellor of the Exchequer told Messrs. Morgan and Mellish that their Offers must be subject to an optional Advance on the Part of Mr. Boyd, did you agree with them in thinking that there was an End of Competition ?

I had no particular Communication with them on that Subject, I was in the Room with the rest of the Gentlemen — I thought in my own Mind they would not accept of it — I should not in their Place have accepted of the Proposal.

498. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer profess that he intended that Preference to Mr. Boyd and his Party individually, or as a Compensation to the former

4 S Subscribers

3 ¥l 9° Februarii. A. 1796.

IiKjuiry re- Subscribers generally, for his having brought forward specting tire the Second Loan sooner than was expected ?

Loan> I never heard the Chancellor of the Exchequer

speak of any body but Mr. Party — they are the

Agents, the ostensible People — he never knows who the Subscribers are.

499. Do the principal Contractors for Loans ever deliver the Scrip Receipts to the Persons on their Lists till they have made the Deposit on the first Payment ?

They have no Receipts to deliver — they give the Names of those Gentlemen upon their Lists to Mr. Nezvland, and those Gentlemen pay in the Deposit without Receipts, and have a Right to fetch the Receipts away when delivered.

500. Is not all Risk to the Contractors from the Sub-subscribers at an End when that Deposit has been made ?

Certainly not, for if the Loan was to fall under 10 per Cent, which is generally the Amount of the First Payment, the Contractors would undoubtedly be responsible to the Public — I have known it fall G per Cent.

501. Do you consider that as a material Risk to the Contractors ?

No Risk at all — it is not worth mentioning — it is

O

possible.

302. Do you consider the Contractors, as to the Claim which you have mentioned, possess that Claim independently of the Subscribers?

I really should think so.

503. What Injury would the Contractors sustain from the Negotiation of a new Loan, previous to the last Payments on the preceding one ?

That would depend on the Quantity of Stock which they had left.

304. Would not that apply equally to the Subscribers ?

Yes, if they had their Stock remaining.

505. Do you then think that the Contractors have a Right, on Account of the superior Risk which they incur, and of the Duties which they perform, to sanction or oppose a new Loan, previous to the Expiration of the Term of their Contract, without any Consideration of the Subscribers ?

I will not go so far as to say they have a Right, but I, as a Contractor, should think myself very unfairly dealt by, if Conditions were proposed and made at making of the Loan, which should afterwards be broken through.

306. If Mr. Boyd had stated to you that, in the Preference which he claimed for himself, he did not consider the Subscribers as entitled to any Share, or to any Compensation for any Injury they might sustain from the Introduction of a new Loan, should you have thought his Claim to such a Preference well founded ?

I should, as the Contractor for the last Loan.

507. Whether as a mere Subscriber, not a Contractor, if any of the Conditions made at the Time of making the Loan were broken through, should you not consider yourself in that Case entitled to complain?

If I had sold my Stock I should not trouble my Head about it — if I had not I should.

50S. Supposing the Contractors to have sold all their Stock, should you think that they had any Reason to complain ?

Certainly not — unless they felt for the rest of the People that had it — they could not be injured.

509. You have stated that Mr. having

searched in the Cooks of the Bank, had been able to find no Instance in which a new Loan had been negotiated whilst Two Payments on the former Loan remained to be made; did he find any Instance where only One Payment remained to be made?

lie could find none, where anew Loan was made, and the Receipts came out before all the Payments on the former.

510. When did you first converse with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the Subject of a Loan, for the Service of the Year 1796?

I believe it was on Monday the 23d of November.

511. Had the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the Months of October or November, made any Reference to you on the Subject of Mr. Boyd's, Claim ?

Never till the 23th of November — I never heard of it before, nor ever suspected it — that is Mr. Boyd's Claim; but I had the Suspicion in my Mind, as before stated, that he had a Right to claim some Preference.

512. On the 23d of November did the Chancellor of the Exchequer declare to you, for the Information of the Parties who might intend to bid for the Loan, that it should be disposed of by public Competition ?

I asked him pointedly the Question, Whether it was to be by Competition, and he told me, certainly it would, and that I might tell the Gentlemen — and then my Suspicions were done away.

313. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer at that Time know who were to be the Competitors?

I told the Chancellor of the Exchequer there would be but Three that I knew of; viz. Mr. Boyd's Party — Mr Mcllish — and Mr. JSIorgmi; and I added to him, that Mr. Jllorgan was very respectable in Point of Solidity and Character, but that he had not pour People to subscribe to the Obligation w'hen he made the Loan, and that in Lieu thereof he would pay into Mr. Nc:eland's Hands 330,000/4 or 400,000l., as a Deposit, which the Chancellor of the Exchequer was perfectly satisfied with.

514. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer then state to you, that he was under an Engagement to admit Mr. Boyd and his Party to a Conference with him on the Subject of their Ciaim, previous to his receiving any other Competitors ?

No — he never said a Word about it.

313. When did you first hear that Mr. Boyd intended to bid for the Loan ?

I can't recollect the Date, but as soon as of any body else — I think it was in the Beginning of November that I received a Note from Mr. , inti-

mating that if I wished to be on his List, that he then received Letters.

516. Did Mr. Boyd make you this Oiler previous to any Solicitation from you?

I believe he did, but I am not sure; I had not seen Mr. Boyd for some Time.

517. Did you, in Point of Fact, solicit to be on his List?

Certainly I did, by Letter, but I was more on Mr. ]\Iorgans List than upon any of the other Two.

518. Did you at any Time previous to the 23d of November, declare your Persuasion that the Loan would be given exclusively to Mr. Boyd?

No otherways than as I have already stated that I had my Suspicions.

519. Had you heard from Mr. or any other

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii. 343

other Person, that Mr. Boyd was sure of having the Loan?

Certainly not.

520. Was there any such Rumour in the City ?

I am not sure — People may have expressed their Suspicions on the same Ground as I did.

521. When you stated to Mr. your Sus-

picions that a Preference would be given to Mr. Boyd, did you at the same Time say, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer always in his Conversations with you declared for Competition, or to that Effect?

Certainly.

522. Had you any Knowledge of the Negotiation of the Loan for the Service of the Year 1794?

Yes — I was present officially as Deputy Governor of the Bank.

523. Do you recollect the sealed Proposals of the Terms offered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer in that Year ?

No — I never saw them.

524. Do you not suppose that the Terms upon which that Loan was actually contracted for, were considerably more advantageous for the Public than the Terms contained in those scaled Proposals ?

I conclude from Circumstances that it was — I have not a Doubt about it.

525. Do you mean that you conclude it from Circumstances that they were considerably more ?

No — I had no Guide to enable me to judge how much.

526. May it not frequently happen, the Parties may be so situated as to make it an Object to them to obtain the Loan on Terms more advantageous to the Public than the Chancellor of the Exchequer might propose ?

Certainly.

527. When did you first understand that the Chancellor of the Exchequer meant finally to settle the Loan on the 25th instead of the 27th of November ?

I understood it first on the 25th of November.

528. Was that Intention declared, to Mr.

anti Mr. Morgan before they left Street on

that Day?

No — no otherwise than the Chancellor of the Exchequer coining in the Room, and then settling it — no such Declaration was made to them, that I knew of, after their Refusal to accede to the Proposal of a qualified Competition.

529. Did you assist the Chancellor of the Exchequer in calculating the Terms upon which the Loan was contracted for with Messrs. Boyd?

No otherwise than by giving him the Price of the Stock of the Day — the Chancellor of the Exchequer then referred to some Papers, which I did not see; and then asked the Deputy Governor and me whether 65 I. was not a fair Price to put the 3 per Cents, at — I think I might say it was a fair Price — the Quantum of Long Annuities he settled himself — I think then the Chancellor of the Exchequer mentioned it would be raising the Money at about 4/. 13$. or Cent. Interest

— I can't say exactly.

530. Have you not uniformly professed an Opinion, that the Terms of a Loan ought always to be made greatly in Favour of the Subscribers ?

No, not greatly — I think it ought always to be in their Favour.

531. Did you, when the Terms of the Loan were settled, believe that an Austrian Loan would be proposed to Parliament?

The Chancellor of the Exchequer had the Reserve, and mentioned it.

Vol. 5!.

532. Did you believe that it would actually take Inquiry replace ? epecting the

I could not tell — the Chancellor of the Exchequer Loar1, had the Reserve of making it.

533. Should you, supposing it to have been your Intention to bid for the present Loan, with your own Opinion of the Probability of an Austrian Loan, have been induced to offer for the English Loan, upon Terms less advantageous for the Public on Account of the Reserve made by the Minister in Favour of an Austrian Loan?

Certainly something less.

534. Did you then believe in Point of Fact that an Austrian Loan was likely to take place ?

I did not know but it might.

Withdrew.

Received, and read, Mr. Charles Herrics's List.

Sabbati, 23® die Januarii 1796.

Mr. Giles again called in, and examined.

[And he delivered in an Account of Stock created by Loan of 1795, which was entered in the Books of the Bank on the ,5th of December 1795; and likewise of the Stock of the said Loan not entered on that Day; which Account is annexed in Appendix, N® 10.]

And he was asked,

535. Did you in Point of Fact believe, on the 25th of November, that an Austrian Loan was likely to take place ?

I was naturally inclined to think the Chancellor of the Exchequer meant to have one — I really did think

so.

536. When you mentioned to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the 25th of November, that he had objected to fixing the last Payment on the former Loan to some Day in February, saying that he might have Occasion to raise another Loan in January, were the Parties intending to bid present?

No — Nobody but the Deputy Governor and myself, unless the Two Secretaries of the Treasury were there.

537. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer make any Reply to you when you stated that to him?

I don't recollect any particular Reply, but he seemed to me that he comprehended by that, he had in some Measure committed himself; nothing further passed on that Subject.

538. Do you remember whether the Whole of Messrs.

Boyd's Memorial was read to Messrs. and

Morgan?

I believe not — I saw no Part of it read to them — he stated the Case in the Room.

539. Do you recollect any of the particular Expressions made use of by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on so stating the Case, with respect to the Strength of Messrs. Boyd's Claim.

No — I do not.

540. Were you acquainted with the particular Funds in which the new Capital was intended to be created, any Time previous to the 23d of November?

Not by any Communication from Mr. but

some of the Parties who meant to offer, had told me they wished to have 3 per Cent. Consols, and Reduced and Long Annuities, which I communicated to him on the 23d, and he did not object to it.

541. Did you ever in Conversation, either with the Persons who intended to bid, or with the Chancellor

of

ic

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

yr Jrtbruam. A. l/yo.

of the Exchequer, express an Opinion respecting the Time from which the Interest should commence?

No; and I knew nothing of that till the 25th of November, when the Chancellor of the Exchequer mentioned it.

542. Was it not pretty generally understood, previous to the 23d of November, that the Loan would be for Sixteen Millions and upwards?

I never heard of more than Sixteen Millions — I heard it would be for that Sum.

543. Was not the Amount of the Navy Debt floating in the Market, generally understood about that Time to be about Five Millions ?

I never made a Calculation in my own Mind — if I had guessed it, I should have thought it more. — I never thought about it.

544. What Effect do you think the Power reserved of funding Five Millions of Navy Bills during the current Year, instead of paying them in Money, ought to have on the Terms of the Loan ?

I don't think it would have had much — perhaps One WdXiper Cent. — but I don't know what exact Sum to say.

545. Do you think that funding Five Millions of the Navy Bills payable in the Course of this Year out of the Money voted for the Services of the Year, instead of their being paid in ready Money, would have an Effect on the Terms of the Loan; and to what Extent?

Certainly that would; but to what Extent I am not competent to say.

546. Do you mean to say more than One Half per Cent. ?

Yes — I think so — much more.

547. Do you consider it to be the Knowledge that a Loan, to any given Extent, is coming into the Market, which affects the Price of the existing Funds, or merely the making the first Payment on such Loan after it is settled.

The Knowledge certainly.

548. Would the Bargain for a new Loan being concluded before the making of the last Payment on the preceding Loan, although the first Payment on that new Loan was not to take place till some Time after all the Payments on the former Loan should be completed, operate as strongly in affecting the Value of the Funds, as if the first Payment on such new Loan were to take place before those on the previous Loan should be completed ?

Certainly not.

549. Would not that depend chiefly on the Sum which remained to be paid up on the old Loan ?

In a Degree, certainly.

550. Are you, as a Director of the Bank, acquainted with any Thing which passed there respecting the Bills drawn from Hamburgh on the Treasury, before alluded to ?

I never knew any Thing of them officially — I am not a Director, and do not perform the Functions of one.

551. Has the Sum of Loan, allotted to be divided between the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, been always the same as the present?

For the 3 or last Loans they have been the same — about 3 or Years ago, a Sum of 50,000l. each was given to them by the Contractors, independent of their Share of what is given to the Bank, and that has been continued ever since.

552. Are you, in your private Capacity, a Sub-

a.

scriber to the present Loan, and for what Sum, and in what List ?

I believe 255,000l. — the Whole will appear by the List delivered in by Mr. Newland.

553. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

554. What Part is for yourself?

240,000l., not more.

555. Will you state the Names of the Persons to whom the remaining 15,000l. has been distributed?

[List delivered in.]

556. It has been stated, that the Chancellor of the Exchequer gave as a Reason why he applied to Mr. Boyd for an Anticipation of the Payments of the last Loan, that perhaps the Bank of England might not find it convenient to make it — <lo you understand what is meant by that Expression ?

As the Chancellor of the Exchequer never made an Application, I do not.

557. Do you think, from your Knowledge of the Circumstances attending the Advance made by Mr. Boyd, that the Treasury must have considered themselves as much indebted to him for the Accommodation ?

I don't know how to answer that Question — I fancy Mr. Boyd was most benefited by the Transaction; as I naturally apprehend, though I know nothing of the Matter, that Mr. Boyd might have some Commission, or other Profit.

558. Do you know whether any of the Hamburgh Bills were received as Cash in making the Deposit of the present Loan?

Certainly not — they could not have been; the Act of Parliament requires Money.

559. To the best of your Knowledge, were not the Transactions with respect to the Hamburgh Bills new and unprecedented ?

I never saw or knew of any such before.

560. Would or would not the Credit of any private

House be thought to suffer from Bills pretended to be drawn at Hamburgh, if such Bills were actually drawn in London ?

I should think so; and the Bills themselves I should think are invalid, by not being stamped.

561. Do you know whether any of those Bills were presented to the Bank to be discounted ?

I really can't tell.

562. Have you had Occasions to advert to the Circumstances relating to Public Loans for some Time past.

Yes — at different Times.

563. Do you recollect what has been the usual Interval between the fixing the Bargain and opening the Budget ?

I believe in general 2 or 3 Days — sometimes a Day more; and sometimes a Day less.

564. Before the Two last Loans, do you ever recol lect so long an Interval as 12 Days ?

Certainly not.

565. Does it occur to you, that any Advantage is likely to accrue to the Public from an Interval so unusually long?

I do not conceive there can.

566. Are you acquainted with the particular Cir cumstances which occasioned those Bills which were in Fact drawn or written in London, to be dated as from Hamburgh ?

I know no more of that, than what has been read to me as Part of Mr. Boyd's Evidence.

567. Do

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii. 345

567. Do you mean to say that Bills bearing Date as at Hamburgh, though actually written in London, under all the Circumstances belonging to those particular Bills in Question, would be injurious to the Credit of a private Mercantile House?

I have not heard all the Circumstances.

568. Have you heard any Circumstances relative to the Transaction of these Hamburgh Bills, that would make you think differently with respect to them, from what you have expressed yourself to think of other Transactions of the like Description ?

No.

569. Would the Bank discount for any Commercial House whatever. Bills which were known to be drawn under the Circumstances which have been stated to belong to the Hamburgh Bills ?

I believe not.

570. Do you think that it is one of the Advantages attending Loans by Competition, that the Public generally obtain the Sum to be borrowed upon better Terms?

I should think so.

Withdrew.

Luna, 25* die Janu 1796.

Received, and read, a Letter, from Sir Robert Herries, respecting his List.

Also, received a Letter from Mr. Angerstein, respecting his List.

Also, received, and read, a Letter from Mr. Morgan, dated Kensington Gore, January 25th 1796, on the Subject of his Examination; which Letter is inserted in Appendix, N° 17; to which it was agreed by the Committee, that an Answer should be sent to him by the Chairman; which is also inserted in Appendix, N* 18.

Edward McCulloch, Esquire, called in, and examined.

571. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am a Subscriber to Mr. Boyd's List for 100,000l.

572. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

It is.

573- Do you mean that no other Person whatever has any Interest, directly or indirectly, in that Sum ? No Person whatever.

Withdrew.

James Craufurd, Esquire, called in, and examined.

574. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Boyd's List, for 100,000l.

575. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

576. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum was for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the rest was distributed ?

20,000l. was for myself — the rest of it was distributed amongst my Friends, the Names of whom I do not think myself at Liberty to mention.

577. Will you ask Permission of those Friends to disclose their Names, and communicate the Result to the Committee?

I will; but some are Abroad.

578. How much of the remaining Sum of 80,000l. belongs to Persons Abroad ?

30,000l.

Withdrew.

Vol. 51.

Andrew Loughnan, Esquire, called in, and inquiry re-

examined. Ef'*

579. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Boyd's List, for the sum of 50,000l.

580. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

581. Will you state how much of that Sum was for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder was distributed ?

Yes.

36,000l. for myself and Partner, Mr. Andreio Cheap.

[List delivered in of the Remainder.]

Withdrew.

John Parkinson, Esquire, called in, and examined.

582. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Robarts' List, for 61,500l.

583. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

584. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Person# amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

56,000l. for Mr. Reed, my Partner, and self.

[List delivered in of the Remainder.]

Withdrew.

Abraham Robarts, Esquire, called in, and examined.

585. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am a Subscriber in my own List for the Sum of 79,000l.

586. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

587. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder is distributed ?

45,000 /. for myself, and

34,000l. for the House of Henry Francis Brooke and Company, of Bristol, with whom I am concerned.

Withdrew.

Joseph Berwick, Esquire, called in, and examined.

588. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in the List of Robarts, Curtis, and Co. to the Amount of 501,500l.

589. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

590. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

It is for the Partners of the House, namely,

Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, Charles Homyold, and myself.

591. Do you mean to state that no other Person has any Interest, directly or indirectly, in the above Sum ?

c*°‘ Withdrew.

Rawson Aislabie, Esquire, called in, and examined.

592. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am an original Contractor for the Sum of 342,000l.

593. Was the Whole of that Sum for yourself?

No.

4 T 594. Will

346 9° Februarii. A, 1796.

5Q4. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder is distributed ?

87,000l. for myself — I consider it as a Kind of Hardship that I should deliver in the Remainder, as trespassing on my private Concerns — But I am ready to deliver it in.

[And the said List was delivered in, and read.]

Withdrew.

John Nesbitt, Esquire, a Member of the House,

consents to be examined.

595. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum?

Yes; in Mr. Boyd's List, for 50,000l.

596. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

It is. Withdrew.

Richard Buller, Esquire, called in, and examined.

597* Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Salomon Solomon's List, for 80,000 /.

59S. Is that whole Sum for yourself? Yes, all for myself.

Withdrew.

Walter Boyd, Junior, Esquire, called in, and examined.

599. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Boyd's List, for 150,000l.

600. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

Yes.

601. Has any other Person any Interest, directly or indirectly, in that Sum?

No.

602. Are you not engaged in a House of Business at Hamburgh ?

No. Withdrew.

608. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for the House, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder is distributed?

The Sum for ourselves is 50,000l. each. — With respect to the remaining 50,000l., it has been given to a few private Friends, to whom we were under no previous Engagement, and it was a voluntary Act of our own.

609. Will you give in an Account of the Names of the Persons holding the remaining Sum of 50,000l. ?

I am not prepared to give in that List.

Ci 0. Will you transmit to the Chairman of this Committee the said List?

I have no Objection to apply to the Parties for their Consent to do so.

C11. Has any other Person, directly or indirectly, any Interest in the 200,000 /. divided amongst the House?

No> Withdrew.

Henry Davidson, Esquire, called in, and examined.

612. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum?

The House of Davidson's and Graham, namely, Duncan Davidson, Henry Davidson, and Charles Graham, are Subscribers, in Mr. Boyd's List, to the Amount of

75,000 /.

Gi3. Is the Whole of that Sum for yourselves alone?

No.

Cl4. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for the House, and the Names of the Persons amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

For ourselves 33,000l.; and as to the Remainder, I will endeavour to obtain the Permission of the Parties to whom it was given, and will deliver in their Names.

Withdrew.

John Batlyc, Esquire, called in, and examined.

John Petrie, Esquire, called in, and examined.

603. Are you a Subscriber in the last Loan, in whose List, and for w hat Sum ?

I am, on Account of the House of , Campbell, and Co. in Mr. Boyd's List, for the Sum of 50,000l.

604. Is that w hole Sum entirely on Account of the House?

No.

605. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for the House, and the Names of the Persons to whom the Remainder is distributed ?

30,000l. for the House.

[List delivered in of the Remainder.]

There is another Sum of 50,000l. in the Name of John and William Petrie, which was divided amongst the Partners in the House of my Brother William and myself; namely, James IV(day n, John Ward, William MtGeorge, John Petrie, and William Petrie.

Withdrew.

Jasper Atkinson, Esquire, called in, and examined.

606. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

Our House, consisting of William Smith, Sir Francis Ford, George Smith, and myself, are Subscribers to the Amount of 250,000l.

607. Is that whole Sum for yourselves only ?

No.

615. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum?

I am, in Mr. Boyd's List for 50,000l.; and in Mr. Thel/ussonsList for 7,000l.

616. Are the Whole of those Sums for yourself alone?

The 7,000l. is for myself and Partner, Edward

Whittcnhall; and of the 50,000 /. I gave 5,000l. only to a Mr. Thomas If arches; the whole of the Remainder was for myself alone.

Withdrew.

James Brogden, Esquire, called in, and examined.

617. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I ain, in Mr. Boyd's List, in my own Name for 30,000l.: and in the Firm of and Brogden,

50,000 /.

618. Are the Whole of those Same for yourselves only?

Yes; except 10,000l., which w>as given to a Foreign House.

Withdrew.

Emanuel Baruh Lousada, Esquire, called in, and

examined.

619. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Goldsmid'sList, to the Amount of 50,000l.

620. Is

3G Geo. III. 9° Fehrmrii. 347

620. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

Yes; But I have since disposed of Part of it aihongst my own Relations. Withdrew.

William Mathew Raikes, Esquire, called in, and examined.

those Sums is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons inquiry r«-amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ? apecting tLe

The Sum on my own Account was only 7,000l. Loan- — the 50,000l. was for the Account of Mr. Shaw, of

DMin- Withdrew.

621. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, for 57,000l. — 50,000 /. in Mr. Goldsmid's List, and 7,000 /., as a Director of the Royal Exchange Assuj'ance Company.

622. Are those Sums for yourself alone?

No.

Martis, 26° die Januarii 1796.

[Copies of the Contracts or Agreements for the Loans for the Services of the Years 1794, 1795, and 1796, were delivered in to the Committee; and are inserted in Appendix, N#* 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, and 25.]

623. Will you state how much of those Sums is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

7,000l. for myself.

[List delivered in of the Remainder.]

Withdrew.

Job Mathew Raikes, Esquire, called in, and examined.

Lachlan Robert Mackintosh, Esquire, called in, and examined.

635. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in Mr. Boyd's List, for the Sum of

70,000 /.

636. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

624. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, m whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, for 50,000l., in Mr. Goldsmid's List.

625. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

626. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

The Whole of it was for the House of William and Thomas Raikes, and Co.; to wit, William Raikes, Thomas Raikes, William Mathew Raikes, and Job Ma-

thew Raikes; of which I am a Partner.

Withdrew.

Claude Scott, Esquire, called in, and examined.

627. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

Yes; for 50,000l., in Mr. Goldsmid's List.

628. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

Yes; wholly for myself] and no other Person is

concerned- Withdrew.

Cornwall Smalley, Esquire, called ip, and examined.

629. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum?

I am, in Mr. Thellussons List for 50,000l., and in Mr. Goldsmid's for 10,000 /.

630. Are those whole Sums for yourself?

No.

631. Will you state to the Committee how much of those Sums is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

58,000l. on Account of myself and Partners, namely, Samuel Thornton and Robert Thornton; and 2,000l. on Account of a Friend. Withdre

Robert Watts, Esquire, called in, and examined.

632. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum?

Yes, in the List of Mr. Boyd, 50,009/., and in Mr. Goldsmid's 7,000 /.

633- Are those whole Sums for yourself?

No.

634. Will you state to the Committee how much of Vol. 51.

637. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names, of the Persons amongst whom the Remainder is distributed ?

20,000l. for myself — the Remainder was divided among Three different Persons; — One for 30,000l., and Two for 1 0,000l. each; the Names of whom I am not at Liberty to mention, but I will apply to theni for their Consent so to do. Withdrew.

Ellis Were, Esquire, called in, and examined.

638. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in the general List, for 100,000l.

639. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No Part of it.

640. Will you state the Names of the Persons among whom that Sum is distributed ?

I am under some Difficulty about that — Many of our Customers, who did not choose to have their Names mentioned, are. included under the Names of Mr. Hornyold and myself; and of course we stand pledged not to disclose their Names, and it would interfere with the Interest of our Business: I have no other Reason to assign than that we are bound by Honour and Promise, and that it would interfere with the Interest of many of them who are Foreigners.

641. What Part of the Sum is for Foreigners ?

That I cannot explain.

642. Will you state to the Committee, as soon as you can inform yourself properly on the Subject, how much of that Sum is for Foreigners, without Reference to Names?

I cannot give that Information — I believe Mr. Hornyold can.

643. Was the Sum of 235,000l., which stands in the Nam^ of Charles Hornyold, who has been stated to be a Partner in your House, distributed in the same Manner as the 100,000l. ?

Yes, it was distributed amongst the Customers or Correspondents of our House. Withdrew

Charles Hornyold, Esquire, called in, and examined.

644. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum?

I am, in Robarts' and Co.'s List, to the Amount of 235,000l.

645. I*

348 9° Februarii. A. 1796.

Inquiry respecting the Xoan.

645. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

No.

646. Are you acquainted with the Distribution of the Sum of 100,000l. which stands in the Name of Ellis Were?

No — I am not.

647. How much of the Sum of 235,000 /. in your own Name is for yourself?

100,000l. for the House exclusively.

648. Will you state to the Committee the Names of those among whom the remaining 135,000l. is distributed ?

It is distributed between Three Foreigners, whose Names I am not at Liberty to mention.

649. Do you speak of your own Knowledge, that that Sum was distributed among Foreigners only ?

Yes.

650. Do you know of whom Information can be obtained respecting the Distribution of 100,000l. standing in the Name of Ellis

No, I do not. Withdrew.

Mr. Were again called in, and examined.

651. Will you endeavour to inform yourself of the Names of the Persons among whom the 100,000l. is distributed, and deliver in a List of them to the Committee ?

Yes — I will, if they consent. Withd

Solomon Salomons, Esquire, called in, and examined.

652. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I stand as a Contractor in the List for the Sum of 685,000l.

653. How much of that Sum stands in your own Name?

520,000l.

654. Is that whole Sum for yourself only ?

No.

655. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder is distributed ?

I will state what was for myself, to wit, 160,000l.; as to the Remainder I am not at Liberty to mention it; and I should not like to betray a Trust which has been committed to me.

656. Will you endeavour to obtain their Permission to mention their Names, and deliver in the List to the Committee ?

Yes> Withdrew.

Eleaxer Philip Salomons, Esquire, called in, and examined.

657. Are you a Contractor to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

Yes, for the Sum of 1,711,000l.

658. How much of that Sum stands in your own Name ?

Only 358,000l., but there is a further Sum of 800,000l. in my own List, in the Name of Benjamin and Abraham Goldsmid',which belongs to me.

659. Is the Whole of that Sum of 1,158,000l. for yourself only ?

660. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder is distributed ?

About 530 or 540,000l. was for myself — respecting the Remainder I am not at Liberty to state the Distribution.

661. Will you endeavour to obtain Permission of the Persons among whom that remaining Sum was distributed, and deliver in a List of their Names to the Committee ?

I will make a Point of it.

662. Has any other Person, directly or indirectly, any Interest in that Sum of 530 or 540,000 /., before-mentioned ?

No, it is all my own. Withdrew.

Judah Philip Salomons, called in, and examined.

663. Are you a Subscriber to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, in the List of Solomon Salomons, for the Sum of 55,000 /.

664. Is that whole Sum for yourself?

Yes — and no other Person has any Interest in it

"haBoeTer- Withdrew.

Abraham Goldsmid, Esquire, called in, and examined.

665. Are you a Contractor to the late Loan, in whose List, and for what Sum ?

I am, for the Sum of 2,966,000l.

666. Are you a Subscriber for any further Sums in the Lists of the other Contractors?

Yes. —

In Mr. Robarts's List for - - - £.70,000 In Mr. Aislabies ----- 30,000

In Mr. Solomon Salomon's - - - 20,000

In E. P. Salomon's ----- 930,000

1.050.000

2.966.000

£. 4,016,000

667. For how much of the several Sums for which you appear as a Contractor or Subscriber, amounting to 4,016,000l., have you delivered in the Names of any other Persons as Subscribers?

To the best of my Recollection 524,000l.

668. Is the Whole of the Remainder, amounting to

3,492,000 /., for yourself only ?

No.

669. Will you state to the Committee how much of that Sum is for yourself, and the Names of the Persons among whom the Remainder is distributed ?

482,000l. for my Brother Benjamin Goldsmid and myself — as to the remaining 3,010,000l. I can't give up a List, as I was in Honour bound not to do so — I could furnish the Committee with several Names of Persons to whom I did not make that precise Promise — but as there are several Gentlemen concerned, such as Bankers, it would prove an Inconveniency to them, for fear they might be called on by their Customers for not having allowed them Shares; but I can assure the Committee, that there is no Gentleman concerned who has any Thing to do in political Matters.

670. Will you endeavour to obtain the Consent of the Persons to whom you have alluded, and with their Permission deliver in a List of their Names to the Committee ?

I have applied to the major Part of them, and they

36 Geo. III. 9° Februarii 349

they have universally disapproved of my publishing offer Terms of Two per Cent, more favourable to the their Names. Public?

671. Will you then deliver in Dst of the Names The DaJ'!,fter, he »P«n-

as perfect as you shall be enabled to make it, and as- 679. Was it not then publicly known what the Terms signing Reasons where the Names do not appear? were?

I will. Yes. Withdrew.

Withdrew.

Christopher Terry, Esquire, called in, and examined.

672. Were you included in the List of Persons who intended to subscribe for the Loan under Mr. James Morgan ?

I was.

673. In consequence of Mr. Morgans Disappointment, were you deputed by any of the Subscribers to his List to wait on the Chancellor of the Exchequer?

At a General Meeting, a Committee was appointed, which Committee deputed me and Mr. Brawn to wait on the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

674. Can you state what passed at that Meeting?

I went with Mr. Brawn, on or about the 2d of December, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer — We stated to him the Reason of our Attendance, which was, that the Gentlemen of the Committee wished to represent their Grievances, owing to his not having allowed a Competition for the Loan — The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in Reply, related what had passed at the Meeting when Mr. Morgan attended for settling' the Preliminaries; and said, he wished to satisfy Mr. Brawn and me, that what he did was for the Benefit of the Public at large — he also read the Letter that he had received from Mr. Boyd, the Night previous to the intended Meeting: He said, after reading and considering it, he thought " that Mr. Boyd's " Claim deserved some Degree of Attention" — I think those were his very Words; but he acknowledged that in his Opinion, Mr. Boyd had no legal Preference. — -The Chancellor of the Exchequer said, he had wished to ascertain, whether any Agreement had been made, at the Time of making the former Loan, respecting Mr. Boyd's Claim; on which he consulted with the Governor of the Bank, with respect to any Conversation which had passed at the former Loan. — That the Governor of the Bank informed him that it had not been usual to make a new Loan till the last Payment of the former one was made. — The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked, Whether it was his Intention to have settled the Loan on that Day ? — he said, that it was not — that his Reason for settling it on that Day was that Mr. Morgan and Mr. Mellish, having refused to become Competitors, he was left with the other Parties only — that he first consulted with the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank on the Terms, and then closed' with Mr. Boyd.

675. Have you any Reason to apprehend that a better Bargain would have been made for the Public, if Mr. Morgan had been admitted to a Competition for the Loan ?

I have Reason to think so.

676. Did you give to any Gentleman Authority to state in Parliament, that Mr. Morgan would have made an Offer by at least Two per Cent, more Advantageous for the Public, had he then been permitted to bid?

I did.

677. Was not that Authority derived in Part from Conversations with Mr. Morgan f

It was.

678. At what Time had you that Conversation with

Mr. Morgan, which led you to suppose that he would

Vol.51.

Received, and read, a tetter from Mr. Pascoe Grenfell, dated Spring Garden, 25th January 1790; on the Subject of his List.

Also, received, and read, a Note from Mr. Godschall Johnson, dated Albemarle Street, 25th January 1796; on the Subject of his List.

Luna, i* die Februarii, 1796.

Mr. Abraham Goldsmid again called in, and examined; and delivered in his List

And he was asked;

680. It appearing that the Sum of 1,253,000l. yet remains unaccounted for, how is that Sum distributed ?

Among different Persons, to whom I am under Restrictions not to mention their Names, of which the greatest Part are Bankers. ( |

681. Whether, among the Persons whose Nkmes

you state yourself to be under an Engagement tti Conceal, is there any one whom you considered &s 'authorized by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to apply to you to be put on your List, or who^isin any way connected with him ? /:;

No one whatsoever — I beg Leave to''repeat that there is no one in a political Character (unless there should be any Member of Parliament concerned as a Partner in any Banking or Mercantile House) or in any way whatever connected with the Treasury, that has any Share or Interest whatever in my List; and this I should be ready at any Time to attest upon Oath.

682. Do you know whether the Sum of 130,000l. standing in the Name of Goldsmid, Son, and Co. is on their sole Account I

I know it to be entirely so.

683. Do you know whether the Sum of 60,000l.,

standing in the Name of N. is on his own

Account ?

Yes; and that the 55,000l. which stands in his Name in the List which I now deliver in for Mr. Fj. P. Salomons, is also on his own Account entirely.

[And the said List was delivered in.]

684. Do you know whether the Sum of 50,000l., standing in the Name of L. D. Symons, is on his own Account ?

I know it is. Withdrew.

Received, and read, a Letter from Mr. Boyd, dated Sac/cville Street,30th January 1796; and also,

A Letter from Mr . James Drummond, dated 27th

January 1796, on the Subject of Mr. Mackintosh's List.

Also received, and read, a Letter from Judah Ph. Salomons, dated 30th January 1796, stating his having'6,000l. in the List of E. P. Salomons, Esquire.

Mr. Grenfell again called in, and examined.

685. Do you persist in declining to give in a List of the Names of the Persons upon your List?

I do — my Reason is, I could not do it without being guilty of a Breach of Promise.

4 U 686. Whether,

Inquiry spec ting Loan.

350 9° Februarii. A. 17 96,

Iirtjfciry respecting the Loan.

686. Whet bet, among the Persons whose Names you state yourself to be under an Engagement to conceal, is there any one whom you Considered aS authorized by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to apply to you to be put on your List, or who is in any way connected with him ?

Certainly not — and I should be ready to attest this upon Oath, if called upon.

Withdrew.

Davidson, dated Bedford Square,

1st February, inclosing his List.

Also, received, and read, a Letter from Sir Robert Herries, dated St. James's , ist February 1796, inclosing his List.

APPENDIX.

Mortis, 2* Februarii, 1796.

Mr. James Craufu attended, and delivered in his List.

Meyer Cohen, Esquire, called in, and examined.

687. It appears that you are a Subscriber on Mr. E. P. Salomon's List for the Sum of 200,000l., is that Sum entirely on your own Account?

It is — no other Person is directly or indirectly concerned, or has any Interest therein.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Battye again called in, and examined;

And he desired to give the following Explanation to his former Evidence;

| My Name stands on Mr. List for 43,000l.

— I before informed the Committee that 7,000l. of that Sum was for myself and Partner — the other 36,000l. (not being immediately concerned in it) had escaped my Recollection when I was last before the Committee — It was thus divided.

[List delivered in.] j Withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Hammersley attended, and delivered in his List.

! And he was asked,

f 688. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or any

i Person whom you considered as authorized by him,

make any Application to you respecting the Distribution of that Share of the Loan of which you had the Disposal ?

Certainly not. Withdrew'.

Mr. Ellis Were again called inland examined.

689. Have you brought the List with you of the 100,000l. which remained unaccounted for, of that Part of the Loan which was distributed by the House of Messrs. Robarts, Curtis, and Co.; to wit,

ji 3,066,000l. ?

ii I have not.

690. State your Reason why you persist in your Refusal?

I have recurred to the Gentlemen, who will not j permit it.

691. Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or any

j Person whom you considered as authorized by him,

make any Application to you respecting the Distribution of that Share of the Loan of which you had the Disposal ?

No; and I should have no Objection to make an Affirmation to the Truth of that Assertion.

Withdrew.

Received, and read, a Letter from Mr. George Ridge, dated Charing February a, 1796, inclosing his List.

Also, received, and read, a Letter from Mr. James Atkinson, dated Lombard Street, 2d February 1796, inclosing his List.

Also, received, and read, a Letter from Henry

Appendix, N* 1.

Kensington Gore, N<nr. 16, 1795.

SIR,

I have the Honour to acquaint you, that, considering it to be your fixed Principle in all possible Cases to dispose of Loans by Competition; I have formed a List to enable me to offer for the ensuing Loan, to the Amount of 15 Millions, and to be extended if necessary — The Subscribers are about 400 real Stockholders, and monied Men, and are prepared to make the Payment. — I have at my Bankers upwards of 300,000l., and can have 200,000l. more at a Moment's Notice, to deposit as a Security. — It has been my Aim to have no Subscribers for large Sums, but to diffuse the Subscription; and I can with Confidence assure you, Sir, That the List is complete and proper for the Purpose, and will tend to advance the Price of the Contract. — And considering, that in conducting so important a Concern, it is proper for me to be prepared to meet all possible Events; and reflecting, that Circumstances may make it necessary, and Parliament may agree to guarantee a further Loan to be raised in England for his Majesty the Emperor; in that case, I am ready, on Behalf of my List of Subscribers, to conform to your own Conditions, by a positive or eventual Agreement: having entire Confidence that you always act with the best Intentions, and conformable to Justice, — I have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Your most

The R' HonWe Wm Pitt.

Appendix, N* 2.

Bank of England, Deer. 17th 1795.

Copies of the different Lists of the Subscribers to the Loan of the present Year (for the Service of the Year 1796) as sent into the Bank by the Contractors for the same.

Governor and Dep,r Governor of the Bank -Governor, Dep,r Governor, and Directors of the Bank -

The East India Company -

Royal Exch* Assurance Company London Assurance Company South Sea Company -Trinity House - -

Abraham Newland, for himself and Office Pascoe Grenfell, Esqf -

Ellis Were, Esqr -

Mess" Boyd, Ben-1 ~ „ .

field, and Co. j£.vaf.

100.000

400.000

300.000

200.000

200.000

200.000

100.000

100.000

100.000

100.000

To John Julius Angerstein, Esqr 350,000 Godschall Johnson, Esq' - 350,000 Cha* Henries, Esq' and C* - 250,000

{Sir Francis Ford, Bart. - - 100,000

Will® Smith, Esqr, Lombard Street - - - - 50,000

Geo. Smith, Esq. - , D* - 50,000

Jasper Atkinson, J', Esq' D° 50,000

Carried over - - 1,200,000 1,800,000

Edw"

36 Geo. III.

9° Febtuam.

.Brought forward - 1,200,00© 1,860,000

Edw4 M'CuHoch, Esqr and Co. 100,000

Tho* Hammersley, Esq' - 100,00a

r 2 of 10 m.i Sir Rob Henries! 0 of

and C*

5 «o-1

-1 6 of 3 si. I.12 of 1 m.

80,000

Messrs. Wafwyn, W" Petrie, and C* - - - - 50,000

John Petrie, Esq' - - 25,00°

Will" Petrie, Esqr - - 25,000

Messrs. J. Petrie, Campbell, and C* - - - - 50,000

Messrs. Davidsons and Graham 75,000 James Carey, Esqr - - 20,000

John Battye, Esqr - - 50,000

Daniel Giles, Esqr - - 90,000

Daniel Giles, Junr, Esq' - 20,000

Edwd Mason, Esqr - - 10,000

Sam1 Beachcroft, Esqr - - 10,000

Sam1 Bosanquet, Esqr - - 10,000

Brook Watson, Esqr - - 20,000

Peter Desbrosses, Esqr - 3,000

John Shoolbred, Esqr - - 8,ooq

Gilbert Young, Esqr - - 5,000

Cuthb' Rippon, Esqr - - £,000

Messrs. Cheap and Loughnan 50,000 James Arthur, Esqr - - 25,000

Edm4 Larkeu, Esqr - - 12,500

Tho* Higgins, Esqr - - 12,500

J. P. Hankey, Esq' - - 10,000

John Rae, Esq. - 8,000

Messrs. Caldcleugli and Boyd 10,000

Edw4 Vaux, Esqr j1® "J - 15,000

John and Alex'Anderson, Esqr 10,000 Geo. Yelverton Kendall, Esqr 25,000 Ja* Brogden' Esqr - - 30,000

Messrs. Pieschell and f30 m.\

Brogden - -born./ 50,000

Alex'Baxter, Esq' - - 10,000

John Taylor Vaughan, Esqr - 20,000

Will" Gemmell, Esq' - - 20,000

Rob* Watts, Esq' - - 50,000

Messrs. Newnham, Everett,

and Co. ... 30,000 Geo. Wheatley, Esq' - - 10,000

Messrs. Kymer, M'Taggart,

and Co. - 10,000

R. L. Willis, Esq. - - 3,000

Will" Bell, Jun', Esq' - 8,000

Isaac Minet, Esq' - - 20,000

Messrs. Milligan and Mitchell 10,000 Ja* Burn, Esq. - 10,000

John Pasley, Esqr - - 15,000

Fran* Melvil, Esq' - - 10,000

Ja* Sibbald, Esq' - - 30,000

Messrs. Marm'and Geo. Peacock 5,000 John Anthony Rucker, Esq' 15,000

Daniel Henry Rucker, Esqr 5,000

Godfrey Thornton, Esqr and Son 30,000 Abraham Newland, Esq' - 20,000

Messrs. Biddulph, Cocks, and Co. 15,000 Will" Lushington, Esqr - 40,000

Messrs. Boldero and C* - 20,000

Ja* Craufurd, Esq. - - 100,000

Messrs. Sikes, Snaith, and Snaith 10,000 Bartlet Goodrich, Esq'- 10,000

Gilb* Francklyn, Esqr - - 8,000

Geo. Curling, Esq' - - 8,000

John Ribes, £sqr - - 8,000

Mr. Will"'Hancock - - 200,000

Mr. Rich4 Gswin - 200,000

Will" Forssteen, Esq' - - 3,600

Brought forward - - 3,167,00o

Philip RiHiet, Esqr - 5,000

Richard Barwell, Esq' 10,000

Aug* R. Hankey, Esq' - - 3,000

Edw4 Coxe, Esq' - - 10,000

Messrs. Blanchenay, Chauvet, and C* - - - - 5,000

Rob* Hankey, Esq' - - 10,000

Messrs. Coles, Godwin, & Coles 10,000 John Walter, Esq' - - 4,00a

Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge 4,000 Wn Edwards, Esq' (Accountant of the Bank) - 5,000

W* Kingsford, Esq1 - - 10,000

W* Grant, Esq' (of Edinburgh, at Nerot's Hotel) - - 10,000

W® Ogilvie, Esq* - - 8,000

Colonel Barry - 8,000

Rob* Petrie, M. D. - - 5,000

R. M. Spence, Esq* - - 5,000

John Nesbitt, Esq' - - 50,00a

Messrs. Phyn, Ellice, and Inglis 10,000 Fran* Melvil, Esq' (for Baron Wolff) - - 10,000

Drummond Smith, Esq' - 10,000

Tho* Littledale, Esq' - - 25,000

Will" Nettleship, Esq' - ~ - 5,000

J. N. Maiilard, Esq' - - 5,000

H. Tahourdin, Esq' - - 8,000

Geo. Munro, Esq. - - 5,000

Pat. Geo. Craufurd, Esq* - 10,000

Mr. J. Humble (Bullion Office) 5,000 Rich4 Molesworth, Esq' - 5,000

Barth*' Huber, Esq' - - 20,000

Ja* Reed, Esq' - - - 10,000

Sir Ja* Esdaile and C* - - 30,000

W. H. Coesvelt, Esq' - - 5,000

Rob* Saunders, Esq' - - 5,000

Rich4 Parkins, Esq* - - 5,000

H.W. Johnson, Esq. - - 5,000

Sir John Earner - . - - 20,000

Messrs. Earner, Wells, &Hedley 10,000 Tho* Watson, Esq'-(Alderman-

bury) - -- - 5,000

Messrs. Senior and Mendes - 10,000

Messrs. Mac Tavish, Fraser, and C* - - - - 10,000

Will® Sharp, E6q' - - - 4,000

John Mackay, Esq - - 5,000

Rob* Slade, Esq' - - 3,00©

Messrs. J. M. Siordet and C* 10,000 Ja* Seton, Esq' - - - 3,000

Ja* Mackenzie, Esq' - 5,000

J. A. Dubuisson, Esq' - - 2,000

Messrs. Barclays and Tritton 30,000 Will® Ward, Esq' - - 10,000

John Chalie, Esq'. - - 10,000

Mr. Hosten - 5,000

Sir Andrew Hammond - 5,000

Tho* Reid, Esq' (Imperial Ann*

Office) - - - 5,000

Anth7 Mangitt, Esq' - - 12,000

Edw4 Maxwell; Esqr - - 25,000

Mrs. Anne'ReB^e Bontems-Achard 10,000 Henry Hoyle Qddie, Esq' - 5,000

Messrs. Lockharts and C* (for

Mr. OgderiV - 5,000

Will® Adam, Esq' - - 5,000

Carried over Vol. 51.

- 3,167,000 1,800,000

L. R. Mackintosh, Esq1

John Will® Ker, Esq' - Walter Boyd, Jun*, Esq

Carried over -

asi

1,800,000

{20 m."| 10 ntj

- 150,060 - 1^0,000

4,091,000 1,800,000

John

Itqwry, rfr

Loa».

re-

the

359

9° Febnuzrii.

A. 1796,

iBrought forward - - 4,091,000 1,800,000

John Stockwell, Esqr - - 20,000

Boyd, Benfield, and C* - 1,593,000

----- ----- ---- 5,704,000

Messrs. Robarts Curtis, and C°

,000; viz*.

Cha* Brooke John Strother Ancrum Edw4 Austen Ja* Arthur Will® Atkinson -Benj* Babbage -John Bolland John Brazier Ja* Bidden Cha* Brunsdon -. Le Merle De Beaufond Joseph Berwick -Will® Barker Geo. Bogg -Jere. Batley Benj" Batley Jos. Bushnan . -Tho* Berwick Will® Borradaile -Rob* Crafton Benj* Collier Cha* Clarke John Cousins Peter Clark Will® Chatteris -Harvey Christian Combe Will® Coningham John Carbin Cha* De Croix -Timr Curtis Geo. Curtis Ja* Curtis Will® Christopher , John Champion -Sir Lionel Darell, Bart. Rice Davies John Dunkin, Jun*

Tho* Browne Christ' Dunkin -Ja* Shaw -

Ja* Douglas John Delor Tho* Dykes Cornelius Donovan Ja* Evans -

Sam1 Edwards -Cha* Flower Will* Fenning -Tho* Flint John Farley Christ* Fowler -Moses Fernandez John Fryer John Gillon Ab" Goldsmid -Benj* Goldsmid -Edw4 Wigan John Gray -Will® Gels ton Asher Goldsmid G. T. Goodenough John Vincent Gandolfi Stephen Griffin >

P. Gregson - . Anthr Geledneki _

Carried over -

- 11,000

3.000

3.000

- 11,000

- 22,500

3.000

- 11,000

- 5,500

3.000

- 16,000

- 4,000

- 45,oooo

- 11,000

- 5,500

5,500

- 5,500

9.000

- 5,500

- 11,000

- 11,000

- 5,5oo

- 5,500

9.000

- 5,500

- 11,000

11,000

- 16,500

- 5,5oo

- 22,500

45,oooo

- 9,000

9.000

- 9,000

3,000

11,000

- 3,oooo

- 11,000

5.500

- 11,000 ' 22,500

- 11,000

2.000

- 11,000

- 5,500

5.500

- 5,5oo

- 22,500

- 5,500

9.000

5.500

2.000 " 5,5oo

- 11,000

- 11,000

50,000

20,000 ' 16,500

1,000

6.500

22,500

11,000

" 33,500

' 5,5oo

" 5,500

5,5oo

733,oooo 7,504000

Brought forward -Geo. Tickner Hardy -Tho* Higgins John Hellear John Hunter, of Gubbins Cha* Hippuff Rich4 Holbert Will® Hall

Honw* Henry Hobart -John Hunter, of Tax Office Will- Hunt John Humble Will® Havard Will® Hobson Geo. Hobson John Thacker Jennings John Jones Joseph James Tho* Kingsley Tho* Leverton -Geo. Louch Tho* Lewis Joseph Lancaster John Lightfoot -Joseph Philip Lc Jeune Leon4 Lazenby -Angel Levy Gabriel Leekie -John M'Nabb -

Will* Mitchel -

Israel Moravia -

Barnaby Murphy Sam1 John Maud Jacob Montefiere Tho* Margary Will® Yarnton Mills -

Tho* Mankin Ab® Mocatta Jacob Mocatta -Moses Mocatta -Dan* Mocatta John Mason Will Menish -

Rob' Maitland -

Sam' Marshall -

Cha* M'Carthy -

Joseph Metcalfe -John Naylor Tho' Nesbitt Will* Nan son Cha* Norris, Junr Tho* Plummer -

Mark Prager, Sen'

Tho* Plant -Edw4 Pearkes -Ebenezer Maitland Tho* Place Edw4 Allfrey John Rich4 Ripley Williams Robbins -

Jeremiah Royds Shakespear Reed Dan1 Stephens -Will® Shepherd - -

John Henry Schneider John Spicer Will® Sutton St. Andrew St. John -Sawyer Spence -Rob* Scott Will® Scott John Scott Rich4 Smales

Carried over - -

£. £.

- 733,oooo 7,504,000

5.500

- 11,000

- 11,000

- 11,000

- 5,500

- 22,500

9.000

5.000

- 12,000

3.000

9.000

33,5oo

5.500

- 28,000

- 5,5oo

- 22,500

5.500

5.500

- 3,000

5.500

- 22,500

9.000

6.500

2.000

3.000

3.000

2.000

5.500

9.000

2.000

- 5,5oo

5.500

5.500

- 11,000

- 33,5oo

9>oooo

45,oooo

7.500

- 7,5oo

7.500

- 11,000

5.500

- 16,500

4.500

5.500

9.000

- 16,500

5,5oo

- 11,000

2.000

- 11,000

- 22,500

5.500

5,5oo 5»5oo

5.500

- 11,000

- 11,000

11,000 11,000

- 11,000

- 9,000

- 11,000

- 11,000

- 11,000

- 28,000

5.000

5.500

5.500

- 11,000

- 5,500

- 22,500

1,476,500 7,504,0 00

Arthur

Brought forward -Arthur Shakes pear Jeremiah Snow John Shephard Tho* Sanders -Will" Thompson Wingfield Turner, Jun* Fran* Town J. G. Tawney Geo. Tierney -J. Taverner Geo. Vaux Will" Wilson -Cha* Edw4 Wilsonn Rowl4 Webster Pascoe Grenfell Sam1 Weyman Wadeson H. C. Woolrych Rich4 Williams Alexr W atson -Ja* W oodbridge Will Walker Tho* Jacob White -Geo. Wood Abm Robarts -John Parkinson Henry Wheeler *

Tho* Kemble -Tho* King Will" Cooke -Geo. Ridge Henry Wakeman Anthony Lechmere -John Walker Wilson Benj" Wilson -John Tweedy -Will Walter -Tho* Eyton John Perfect -Ja* Pilliner Cha* Hoinyold Hugh Bell Will" Clay -Tho* John Taylor Edw* Warner Will Galley -Joseph Berwick

1,476,500

- 11,000 3,000

- 5,5oo

- 5,5oo

- 3,oooo

- 5,5oo

- 3,oooo

- 5,5oo

- 9,oooo

- 3,oooo

- 5,5oo

- 5,5oo

«. 16,500

- 5,5oo

- 112,500

- 5,5oo

- 5»5oo

- 9,000

- 3,oooo

- 5,5oo

11,000

- 10,000

- 3,oooo

- 79,oooo

- 61,500

16,500

- 22,500

- 5,5oo

- 2,000 56,000

" 33,5oo

22,500

- 9,000

- 9,000

- 22,500

5,5oo

m 22,500

16,500

33,500

235,oooo ' 11,000

5.500

5.500

28,000

33,500 ' 501,500

Februarii.

7,504,oooo Brought forward -

Brook Watson Benj" Winthrop -Claude Scott John Pearse W" Steer, Junr -Cornwall Smalley Benj11 and Abra Goldsmid

353

£. £. Inquiry re-

432,000 10,470,000 »pecting the 10,000 - 10,000

- 50,000

- 10,000 - 12,000 - 10,000 2,442,000

----- ----- --- 2,966,000

Mr. E. P. Salomons - £. 1,711,000;

Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Co. 285,000

Philip Antrobus, Esq. - - 25,000

P' and Cha* Van Notten, and

Co. Esq" - 28,000

Daniel Giles, Esq. - - 50,000

Cha* Steers, Esq. - - 17,000

Job Mathew, Esq. - - 3,000

Will" Raikes, Esq. - - 15,000

Benj" and Ab" Goldsmid, Esq* 130,000

- Ditto - 800,000

E. P. Salomons - 358,000

----- ----- -1,711,000

Mr. Peter Thellusson, for himself and Sons

G. W. Thellusson Cha* Thellusson

H. T. Churchill Tho* Moore B. D. Floud Cornwall Smalley A. F. Haldimand John Battye P. H. Kuhff Sam1 Horn -Edw4 Gwatkin Cha* Teissier

I. L. Andr£

P. Grenfell -

J. R. Ripley

T. J. and P. Cossart Dav4 Piffard Peter Thellusson -

£. 1,141,000

- 245,000

- 200,000

- 40,000

- 20,000

- 10,000 50,000

- 45,oooo

- 43,000

- 15,000

- 10,000

- 5,000

- 5,000

- 5,000

- 5,000

- 3,000 2,000

- 8,000

- 430,000

----- ----- 1,141,000

2,966,000 George Ward, Esq.

685,000

Messrs. Benj" and 1 Ab" Goldsmid J

£. 2,966,000; viz.

Will Mathw Raikes Job Mathw Raikes -Dan* Mesman Joshua Knowles Edw4 Mason -John Mil ward Sam* Bosanquet Daniel Giles -Joseph Kaye -Will Alers Richd Buller -Alex* Champion E. B. Lousada Job Mathew -Fran* Martin -Ab Mocatta -Joseph Nutt -Sir Richard Neave -Abraham Newland -John Puget Godfrey Thornton Cha* and Stephen Teissier

" 50,000

50,000 10,000 " 10,000

5.000 10,000 " 20,000

25,000

10,000

33,oooo " 10,000

12,000

50,000

" 15,000

5.000

10,000

12,000

15,000

10,000

30,000

10,000 ~ 30,000

Vo l. 51.

Carried over - £ a*- 71 7777___

*432,000 10,470,000

Solomon Salomons -

Rich4 Buller, Esq. Judah Philip Salomons Joseph Salomons -B. and A. Goldsmid Solomon Salomons

£. 685,000; viz.

- 70,000

- 55,oooo

- 20,000

- 20,000

- 520,000

----- ----- -- 685,000

Rawson Aislabie, Esq. - - - - 342,000

£. 18,000,000

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Appendix, N* 3.

Sir, Sackville Street, 24 November 1795.

We beg Leave to represent to you, on Behalf of ourselves and the other Contractors for the Loan of last Year, that the Contract was entered into under the Condition that no other Public Loan for this Country should be made, until the Period fixed for the last Payment of the Loan then contracted for should have elapsed.

4 X We

354

9° Februa

A. 1796.

Inquiry re- We conceive, that on this Account we have an un-specting the doubted Right to object to the Negotiation of the Loan Loan* now proposed to be contracted for, until the Period

assigned us for the Sale of our Scrip shall expire, viz. the 15th January next. This is not one of those Rights of which litigious People sometimes avail themselves, for the mere Purpose of giving Trouble — It is a Right which is founded in Justice, and the Nature of Things, recognized by constant Practice and public Opinion, and which we cannot relinquish without evident Loss. That this may appear to you perfecdy clear, we beg Leave to state, that there is at this Moment still floating in the Market the Value of Five Millions of Money in Scrip, which remains to be converted into Stock. Several of the Contractors for the last Loan are Holders of this Scrip, and they must inevitably sutler by the Introduction of Eighteen Millions more into the Market, while so large a Portion of last Year's Scrip is still on Hand.

While we thus assert our Right to prevent the Negotiation of the Loan now in Contemplation, we are loth to exercise this Right to, your Inconvenience, or to the Detriment of the Public, and are therefore willing to wave it, upon Condition that the Injury which must result from the Introduction of so large a Sum of Scrip into the Market, before (if we may so express ourselves) our exclusive Lease of the Market expires, be compensated to us by the Chance of Advantage to arise from the new Loan, on which Ground we presume to claim the Preference of contracting for it.

By the monied Powers of our Party we are enabled to give the highest Price that ought to be given, and we can assure you, with great Sincerity, that in the Event of your consenting to a private Negotiation, our Offer shall be fully as liberal as if we had no Preference whatever, and that it shall equal your Expectations.

We are aware that your Acquiescence in this Proposal must meet with Difficulty in your own Mind, on Account of your Predilection in Favour of public Competition; but to reconcile as much as possible the Principle of Competition with what we conceive to be our undoubted Right, we are willing to admit of it on the present Occasion to a certain Degree.

We are willing to allow the proposed Loan to be exposed to Competition, upon Condition that the Option shall be expressly reserved to our Party of taking the Loan at such a Price as shall be equal in Value to one Half per Cent, upon the whole Sum borrowed above the highest Offer of the Competitors.

If any solid Objections can be made to both these Proposals, we shall be happy to adopt any other Measure more agreeable to you, by which you may on the one Hand be secured against undue Advantage on our Part, and on the other we may preserve our Right, or obtain in lieu of it such a Preference as we conceive to be justly due to our particular Situation.

We have the Honour to be, with great Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Walter Boyd. Abram. Robarts.

Rt. hon. William Pitt, &c. &c.

1

! Appendix, N# 4.

(Copy.) London, December 7th, 1795.

Sir,

I beg Leave to offer to contract for the intended Loan, whatever the Amount may be, for the Service of the Year 1796, on the following Terms; viz.

For every 100 /. to receive 120 /. 3 per Cent. Consols.

25 Reduced 3 per Cents.

' and 4$. 6 d. Long Ann*

the Interest on the Consolidated 3 per Cents, to commence from the 5th July last, and on the Reduced the

10th October last, and the Long Annuities to commence also on the 10th October last, the first Payment of 10 per Cent, to be made on Thursday next the loth Instant, and the other Payments according to the Regulation already at the Bank of England.

I have the Honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient

and most humble Servant,

James Morgan.

Right honble Will.Pitt, &c. &c.

I have not mentioned any Sum for the Amount of the Loan, because I am not exactly informed, but I understand it is expected to be Eighteen or Nineteen Millions, or thereabouts.

James Morgan.

Appendix, N* 5.

(Copy.) Sackville Street, 23 November 1795. Sir,

Having heard that this Day had been appointed for an Interview' between you and the Persons intending to offer for the ensuing Loan, Mr. Robarts and I were upon our Way from the City to desire an Audience of you previous to your receiving the Candidates, when we learned at the Bank that the Meeting was put off till Wednesday.

I beg Leave to solicit, on the Part of Mr. Robarts and myself, as representing the whole Contractors for last Year's Loan, the Honour of an Interview with you as early Tomorrow' as may be consistent with your Convenience, that we may have an Opportunity of stating certain Circumstances peculiar to our Situation, which it is of great Importance should be well understood before any public Interview respecting another Loan takes place. I had, upon the Assurance that you gave me that you would send for our Party previous to any such Interview, acquainted them that they would not be deprived of a proper Opportunity of stating what they had to say, before any other Steps W'ould be taken about another Loan; and I was therefore mortified to find that a Meeting was on the Point of taking place, without any such previous Opportunity having been afforded them.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed)

Walter Boyd. The Right honble Will"1 Pitt.

Appendix, N* 6.

Kensington Gore, December 2 2d, 1795.

Sir,

Reflecting on the Question, if I would ask the Gentleman that I expected an Answer from on the 29th October, for Leave to give in his Name; it now appears to me, as the Circumstance was mentioned merely to account for my stopping on that Day to receive Subscriptions, that it is improper for me to make any Application, or in any Manner endeavour to involve Persons in Questions arising from a Transaction in which they have not been concerned, and have not the least Knowledge of There were a great many Offers and Applications as well as that attended to, which were refused or rejected on various Grounds, and which I consider as private and confidential; and therefore I humbly hope the Honourable Committee will not press such Questions to me.

I have the Honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

James Morgan.

William Smith, Esq. Chairman of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons.

36 Geo. III.

9° Februarii.

355

Appendix, N° 7.

(Copy.) Sackville Street, 26 August 1795. Sir,

When I had the Honour to suggest to you the Plan by which I proposed to give the Treasury the Anticipation of that Part of the Loan which becomes due in November, December, and January, I fully explained that it was by Means of Acceptances of the Treasury for these Periods that I could accomplish this Anticipation — I stated to you the Necessity there would be (however full of Money my House might happen to be occasionally) for me to have in Hand negotiable Effects, by which I might at any Time be able to replace the Money which we might have advanced, declaring however my Readiness to make the first Advance without any such Effects, because I imagined they could not be prepared before the first Advance might be wanted.

Agreeably to this Explanation, and the Arrangement that seemed to be understood between us, I expected to have made the first Payment last Week, and to have been authorized to order Drafts to be made upon the Treasury, in the Proportions and at the Periods that might have best suited the Purposes of the Arrangement for the first and future Payments, by which Means, while I should have had the Satisfaction of promoting the public Service, I should also have been sure that no possible Inconvenience could result to myself from it. — Such having been my Ideas of the Arrangement, you will not be surprised, that the Uncertainty as to the Periods of making the Advances, which you appeared to be in Yesterday, should lead me to fear that you may not have precisely the same Ideas of it; and that thus unpleasant Disappointments might arise to both Parties. It is to prevent the Possibility of any such Disappointments that I trouble you with this Letter.

My only Object in the Business, is to accomplish in a satisfactory Manner the Wish of Government, and taking beforehand the necessary Steps for insuring Success; if upon Examination you find you can dispense with the Whole as you have already found Means to dispense with the Half of the original Sum, I shall be extremely happy at it, because the Business is by no Means so much an Object of Desire as of Care and Anxiety; 'tis not an Advantage that I long to reap, but a Service of some Difficulty and Delicacy which I am solicitous to perform with Success; 'tis not a Thing that can be done at any Time on the shortest Notice, but an Operation that, with the necessary previous Concert of Measures, may be carried through with Success. — It is not necessary that Government should sustain the Loss of a single Day's Interest more than their Occasions require, although the Acceptances of the Treasury may be granted before they receive the Value of them in Money.

What I wish particularly to be at a Certainty about, is, whether or not the Anticipation will be wanted; when the different Instalments will be required; and if I may positively reckon upon receiving the Acceptances of the Treasury as I may call for them, in Return for Money or Effects falling due at the particular Periods when the Money happens to be wanted — If the Business is to go on, official Letters on these Points will be necessary, because, in an Affair of so vast a Magnitude for One House, there must not exist a Possibility of Mistake or Delay.

I have the Honour, &c.

Boyd.

To the Right honbl* Will" Pitt.

Vol. 51.

Appendix, N° 8. inquiry

pectin g

(Copy.) Loan.

Sir,

I am commanded by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to inform you, that the public Service requiring the Anticipation of the Receipt of those Parts of the Instalments of the last Loan, and of the Payments to the Lottery, which are not yet due, it is their Lordships Desire that you should make these Anticipations, by paying into the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces the following Sums:

500,000l. on or before the 20th Instant.

500,000l. on or before the 20th October.

And in order to reimburse the Advances so to be made, it is their Lordships Order that you should draw or cause to be drawn, at such Times and in such Sums as you may find most convenient to you, Bills of Exchange upon their Lordships, payable at the following Periods; viz.

To the Amount of £. 500,000 payable 30th 1795.

500,000 - - 24th 1796.

£. 1,000,000

Together with Interest at 5 per Cent, upon the Advances you may have made, from the Dates of these Advances until the Dates at which the Bills upon their Lordships become payable.

Should Circumstances happen to render any Change necessary in this proposed Arrangement, there will be Time to give you Notice of it before you order the Drafts for the Payment in October.

I am, Sir,

Your very obedient Servant,

Charles Long.

Treasury Chambers,

September 12th, 1795.

Walter Boyd, Esq.

It is perfectly understood, that you are to be allowed Interest at the Rate of 5 per Cent, upon such Sums as your House shall have been, or in future may be in Advance for the Service of Government.

Appendix, N* 9.

(Copy.) Sackville Street, 14 September 1795.

Sir,

In consequence of the Letter with which you honoured me on the 12th Instant, I beg Leave to inclose Bills of Exchange on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for 505,668/. 10$. 0 dated Hamburgh, 31st August, at Three Months Date, which I request you will have the Goodness to accept, and return me Tomorrow. The Value shall be paid on Saturday into the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, agreeably to your Directions.

My Cousin, Mr. Boyd, Junior, having been at Ham^ burgh the 30th August, I thought proper to get him to draw the Bills, in order to keep the Operation as much as possible within the Knowledge of my own House, and to save the Expence of a Commission, which we must have paid had we employed any House to draw on their Lordships.

I am, &c.

(Signed)

Charles Long, Esq. Walter Boyd.

Secretary to the Treasury.

N. B. — The Bills mentioned in the above Letter, it was afterwards agreed should be dated the 7th of August, and made payable at instead of 3 Months after Date.

i)DO 9" Februa . 1790.

Inquiry re-. Appendix, N® 10.

specting the q.

Loan. ^11*,

I am commanded by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to acquaint you, that it is their Wish that the Bills of Exchange to be drawn by you upon their Lordships, to reimburse the Sums desired to be advanced for the public Service, by my Letter of the 12th Instant, should be made payable at the following Periods, instead of those mentioned in my said Letter; viz. to the Amount of

£. 500,000 payable 7th December 1795.

500,000 payable 31st January 1796.

£. 1,000,000

1; I am, Sir,

Your very obedient Servant, Treasury Chambers, Charles Long.

Sept. 17th.

Appendix, N® 11.

Kensington Gore, January 16th, 1796.

Sir,

I have the Honour to acquaint you, that, at a Meeting of the Subscribers in the List formed to enable me to bid for the Loan, it was their Opinion that the public Interest is not connected with the making of the said List, and that it will be improper for me, as a confidential Agent, to produce the same in any Manner. And I beg Leave to observe, that it is the Principle of free and open Competition, not to give Room for Suspicion, or Occasion for Scrutiny. The Responsibility of the Contractors to secure the Deposit is the only Object on the Part of the Public; and, I believe, it was particularly so declared by the Right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the Opening to Parliament the Terms of the Contract for the Loan for 1794, which was the last disposed of by fair Competition. I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

James Morgan.

William Smith, Esq.

Chairman of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan.

Appendix, N* 12.

Kensington Gore, January 16th, 1796.

Sir,

I have the Honour to acquaint you, that the Gentlemen who offered to be the Securities with me for making the Deposit, in case the Proposal I made the 7th December last to contract for the Loan had been approved and accepted, have severally cancelled their Names, and consider the Purpose to be entirely at an End, as the Proposal was rejected. And they now think it will be improper for me to produce their Names in any Manner, as it may tend to involve them

in Questions, concerning which they are totally uninformed. I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient and humble Servant,

James Morgan.

William Smith, Esq.

Chairman of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan.

Appendix, N* 13.

Kensington Gore, January 20th, 1796.

Sir,

The Committee having asked me, what I thought would have been the Difference between the Offers likely to have been made by the Parties at the Bidding, in case it had taken place; I have the Honour to acquaint you for their Information, that the Loan for

1,100,000 I. Sterling was disposed of by fair Competition the 7 th March last, and that the greatest Difference in the Offers was 12 7 per Cent. Annuity

for 15 Years, which, valued at 10 Years Purchase is 61. 5 s. 10 d.per Cent, and the least Difference was

7 s. 1 d.per Cent. Annuity, amounting to 3/. 10*. 10

per Cent.

And I beg Leave, Sir, to take this Opportunity to recommend to the Attention of the Committee, the Proposal from the Government of Ireland for making of the Loan, because I know it is essential to the public Interest, and can with the greatest Confidence declare, that the Proposal was the best possible that could be offered under the then Circumstances, although the great Merit of it has not been noticed by the Public. When the printed Proposal was sent over, I read it with Astonishment, because the Principle was the direct Reverse to the ruinous System followed here, in making Loans in Capitals at a great Discount, and thereby unnecessarily accumulating immense Sums to the Debt to be redeemed. I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient and most humble Servant,

James Morgan,

William Smith, Esq.

Chairman of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan.

Appendix, N® 14.

Bank of England, January 20th, 1796.

An ACCOUNT of Money received at the Bank on the Loan of 1795, on the 1st of and 24th of No-

vember 1795; distinguishing the Sums which had been received up to each of those Days.

On the 1st August, 1795 - £.15,853,923 10 —

On the 24th November, 1795 >7,554,282 10 —

A. Netoland Chief Cashier.

36 Geo. III.

9° Februarii.

357

Appendix, N® 15.

AMOUNT of the Stock created by the Loan of 1795, which was entered in the Books of the Bank on inquiry re-the 1st of August and 24th of November 1795 and likewise of the Stock of the said Loan not entered on the

those respective Days.

r Stock entered in the Books, on which the full Payments were made. r \ Stock not entered.

On the 1st August 1795. Consol® 3 per C‘ Ann* -41, per C* Ann* Long Ann* - - £. s. 15,061,250 4,280,041 13 4 61,544 15 £. s. d. 2,938,750 1,719,958 6 8 14,955 4 1

£. 19,402,836 9 3 4,673,663 10 9

On the 24th Nov* 1795.

Consol® 3 per C* Ann* -4 /. per C* Ann* Long Ann* ... 9m m 17,017,245 5,o 25,875 70,848 — 5 982,755 974,125 5,651 19 7

£ 22,113,968 — 5 1,962,531 19 7

On Imperial Annuities of the Loan 1795.

f Stock entered in the Books, on which the full Payments were made. \ , Stock not entered.

On the 1st August 1795. Imperial 3 I.per C' Ann* -D® Annr for 25 Years - £. s. d. 2,218,061 18 1 173,9J3 10 10 £. d. 1,615,271 8 7 56,086 9 2

On the 24th Nov* 1795. '

Imperial 3/. per C* Ann* D® Annr for 35 Years - 3,474,415 18 3 195,083 2 6 1,358,917 8 5 34,816 17 6

Appendix, N® 16.

)UNT of the Stock created by the Loan of 1795, which was entered into the the 5th December 1795; and likewise of the Stock of the said Loan not entered on 1

Stock entered in the Books. A Stock not entered in the Books.

Consol® 3 per C' Ann* 4I. per C* Ann* Long Ann* - — £. s. d. 17,307,750 5,134,958 6 8 73,471 6 9 £. s. d. 692,250 875,041 13 4 3,028 13 3

/ 22,506,179 13 5 1,570,320 6 7

Imperial 3 per C* Ann* D® Annr for 25 Years - 2,777,249 5 7 213,013 10 10 1,056,084 7 9 16,986 9 2

£. 2,990,262 16 5 1,073,070 16 11

Bank of England, January 23, 1796.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Vol. 51.

4 Y

958 90 Februari . IT

Appendix, N* 17-

Sir, Kensington Gore, 25th 1796.

In the Minutes of ray Examination before the Committee, it appears from my Answer to a Question as if I meant to state, " that the Governor of the Bank had " mentioned the Money Transaction for 900,000l. as " the Ground for Mr. Boyd's having the Loan," without the necessary Explanation that I conceived it to allude to his Doubts of the Competition, and to the Confidence he observed in Mr. Boyd's Party that they should have the Loan. I beg Leave to acquaint you. Sir, that I am very desirous to explain and correct that Answer before the Committee, and I am.

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

James Morgan.

William Smith, Esq.

Chairman of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons for enquiring into the Circumstances of the late Loan.

Appendix, N* 18.

Sir,

I am directed by the Committee to inform you, that they are sorry to feel it inconsistent with their Duty, under all the Circumstances of the Case, to comply with the Request expressed in your Letter to me, dated Kensington Gore, the 25th J 1796.

I am, Sir,

Your obedient humble Servant,

IV. Smith.

Committee Room,

25th Jart 1796.

Appendix, N° 19.

February 3d 1794.

We hereby engage on our own Parts, and on the Behalf of the Gentlemen authorizing us to sign for them, to subscribe Eleven Millions in Money for the Loan of the present Year on the following Terms; for every 100l. subscribed to receive

100l. of 31, per Cents, to be consolidated with the present 31, per Cent. Consol.

25 /. erf 4 /. per Cents.

A Long Annuity of 11 5 to determine with the present Long Annuities.

A Discount to be allowed of 3 /. per Cent, on the whole Money advanced beyond the Instalments up to the latest Period of them: — the Dates of Payments to be as follow:

1794 — February 11 th - a Deposit of 1 o per Cent. April - - 15 - - a Payment of 10

June - - 6- - - D* - - 10 -

July - -18 - -- - 10 -

August -29- - - *5 —

October - 17 - - - - 15 ~

November 28 ----- - 15 -

1795 — January , 13 ----- - 15 -

£. ieo

The Interest on the 3 per Cent. Consols, to commence from 5th January. — On the per Cents, from

10th October 1793, and the First Half Yearly Payment on the Long Annuity to be made on 5th 1794.

(Signed) Julius Angerstein,

James Morgan, Godschall Johnson, Nesbitt and Stewarts.

Appendix, N° 20.

We the undersigned undertake and agree, that we will make good the Payments on a Loan of 18,000,000l. for the Service of Government for the Year 1795, in case the same shall receive the Sanction of Parliament, and likewise on a Loan of 6,000,000l. for the Service of the Emperor, in case Parliament shall think proper to make Provision, that if the Whole, or any Part of the Dividends, payable on the said Loan in May and November respectively in each Year, shall not be punctually paid on the Part of the Emperor, the Sums so due shall be payable on the 5th Day of July and the 5th Day of January respectively following, out of the Consolidated Fund, or out of the Supplies of the Year: The said Loan (if both of them take place) to be on the Conditions following; viz. That for every 100l. of Money advanced on the Loan of 18,000,000l., the Subscribers shall be entitled to

£.100 ----- ----- -3 per Cent. Con. Ann*.

33 6 8 4 per Cent. Ann*.

— 8 6 Long Ann*.

That the Interest on the 3per Cent. Annuities shall commence from the 5th Day of January 1795, and the Interest on the per Cents, and the Long Annuities on the 10th Day of October 1794.

That 10/. per Cent, shall be paid on or before the 6th Day after the Terms of the Loan shall have been approved by a Resolution of the House of Commons; that the next Three Payments shall be of Ten per Cent. each; and the Four following Payments shall be of Fifteen per Cent, each; the last to take place on the Friday succeeding the 10th Day of January 1796.

And that every Person, making any Payment in Advance for completing his Contribution, shall be entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of 3 /. per Centum on such Sum so advanced, from the Day of completing the Contribution to the Friday succeeding the said 10th Day of January 1796.

And that for the Austrian Loan, such Conditions shall be stipulated on the Part of the Emperor as were stipulated for the Loan of 3,000,000l., which are to make Part of the 6,000,000l. above-mentioned.

We further undertake and agree, that if the Loan of 18,000,000l. should receive the Sanction of Parliament, and Provision should not be made for guaranteeing the Austrian Loan, as aforesaid, we will make good the Payments on such Loan of 18,000,000 /. on the Terms above-mentioned, with the Addition of 4 s. per Ann. to the Long Annuity, making such Annuity in the Whole 12$. 6 <L per Annum.

It is understood that an Option will be given to the several Public Companies herein after mentioned, to subscribe for the Sums set against their Names respectively; and that the Dividends upon the Austrian Loan shall be made payable at the Bank of England.

The Governor and Deputy Governor of £.

the Bank.....100,000.

The Bank ----- - 400,000

The East India Company - 300*000

The London Assurance Company - - 200,000

The South Sea Company - 200,000

The Royal Exchange Assurance Company 200,000 Corporation of the Trinity House - - 100,000

£. 1,500,000

And

36 GeO. III. 9° Febnturii.

359

And we further agree to execute ariy Ihitrument that may be thought necessary for binding ns, jointly and severally, to the due Performance of this Agreement

London, 12th December 1794.

(Signed)

Loyd, and Co.

Abraham

Peter Thellusson,

Thellusson, and Co.

B. and A.

John and George Wird,

Raw

Witness: B.B«. Godfrey Thornton, Governor of the Bank.

Darnel Giles, Deputy Governor of the Bank.

Appendix, N* 21.

(Copy)

Memorandum, 8th January 1795.

It is still intended to propose to Parliament to enable His Majesty to guarantee a Loan to Austria, to the amount of 6,000,000l., on the Terms which have been specified; provided the Emperor agrees in Return to enter into Engagements to the Extent desired. But Circumstances have occurred which make it a possible Case, that an Agreement may be concluded for proposing to guarantee a Loan to a smaller Amount; but at the lowest not less than 4,000,000 /., in Return for less extensive Engagements on the Part of Austria. In order to save Time, and to be prepared for either Alternative, it becomes necessary to ascertain what Variation should take place in the Amount of the Long Annuity, on every 100l. in the Loan for this Country, in consequence of any Abatement of the Amount of the Austrian Loan. The estimated Difference being 4 s. between the Case of the Austrian Loan taking place to the full Extent of 6,000,000l., and of its not taking place at all, the Allowance to be made in any intermediate Case should be in the same Proportion — viz. An Augmentation to the Annuity at the Rate of 8 a. for every Million abated from the Amo'unt of the Austrian Loan.

theft* frame to that Gentleman, theft* Wish that in the inquiry re-Event of the Imperial Loan being reduced to Four e

Millions, the Annuity, which by Calculation woiuld be gs. 10d. may be made 10#. to avoid Fractions, and they hope this Favour will not be refused to them in Return for their liberal Conduct in contracting for the Loan on Conditions so favourable to the Public.

Mr. Boyd accordingly did make this Request to Mr.

Pitt on Sunday the 1 ith of January, and he was pleased to consent to it.

(Signed) W. Boyd.

Appendix, N° 23.

February 14, 1795.

We agree, in case the Imperial Loan shall not be settled at the Time of proposing the Loan of 18,000,000l. for the Service of the present Year, to>-make the Deposit on the said Sum of 18,000,000 /., for which Receipts are to be given at the Bank in the usual Manner.

If Provision shall not afterwards be made for guaranteeing any Loan to Austria, an Addition to be made of 4 s.to the Long Annuity, as specified in the Agreement signed by us on the 12th of December last; if Provision should in this Session be made for a Loan to Austria, but to a less Amount than 6,000,000 /. an Addition then to be made to the Long Annuity in the Proportions mentioned in the Memoranda of the 8th and 10th of January last.

The first Payment on the 27th of this Month.

The Discount on the Advance for completing the Payments on or before the 13th March next, to be computed from the 23d January, and any other Discounts to be computed from the Times on which the Payments shall be so completed.

It is further agreed, that on the Deposits being made on the English Loan of 18,000,000l., there shall be reserved lor the Public Companies Three Fourths of the Sums specified in the Agreement of the 12th of December.

Appendix, N* 24. November 25th 1795.

London, 10 January 1795.

We agree to the above Proposal on the Part of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, it being understood that the Payment of the Deposit upon both or either of the Loans shall not take place until the Agreement between England and Austria for the Amount of the Imperial Loan shall be finally settled, so as that the precise Quantity of the several Articles of the General Omnium may be properly known, and the Receipts prepared accordingly.

(Signed)

Boyd, Benfield, and Co.

Peter Thellusson.

Thel, Brothers, and Co. John and George Ward.

Raw Aislabie.

Appendix, N° 22.

London, 10 January 1795.

The Gentlemen who signed the Agreement of this Date, relative to the Augmentation of the Annuity to be inside for the Diminution of the Imperial Loan, white they have thought proper for give' their Assent to Mr* Pitt's Proposal, as being in itself arithmetically fair and edaet, request Mr. Pay'd to express in

Price of 3 per Cent. (Consolidated and Reduced) at this Day - - - - 671

Long Annuity - - - 18 f Years.

For every 100l. - 120/. Consol.

25 Reduced. Remainder - - - Long Annuity.

There may possibly be a Loan for the Emperor, but certainly not to a greater Amount than Three Millions at most.

The last Payment on this Loan to be on 15th December 1796. — No Payment on any new Loan to be made till after that Time.

No Assurance respecting an Irish Loan.

Of Exchequer Bills for Supply Two Millions on the Market, One Million and an Half at the Bank.

Of the Vote of Credit for 1796, possibly One Million and an Half may be brought into the Market.

Of the Navy Bills to become due in the Coiirte of the Year not more than Five Millions need be funded, but this not to take place before the First of May.

One Million may perhaps be added to the Loan, making it Nineteen Millions, and the Vote of Credit be reduced to One Million and an Half.' This would make no Variation in the Terms.

The Discount to be 3 per Cent, as usual on Advances made after 30th December, and 3I on

Advances

Inquiry respecting the Loan.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands, committed.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Act, committed.

36a

9° Februarii.

A. 1796.

Advances completing the Payment between 10th and 30th of December.

The Reserves for Public Companies as last Year.

Appendix, N* 25.

November 25th 1795. We hereby engage on our Parts, and on the Behalf of the Gentlemen who are engaged with us authorizing us to sign for them, to subscribe Eighteen Millions or Nineteen Millions in Money for the Loan of the Year 1796, on the following Terms; for every 100l. subscribed to receive 120/. in the 3/. Consoli-

dated Annuities, 25 /. in the 3 /. per Cent. Reduced Annuities, and Six Shillings and Six Pence per Annum Long Annuities, to determine with the present Long Annuities. A Discount to be allowed of 3 /. per Cent. on the whole Money advanced beyond the Instalments up to the latest Period of them, and 3/. 5 per Cent, on Advances completing the Payments between the 10th and 30th December 1795.

1795 — December 10th, - a Deposit of 10 per Cent.

1796 — January 22d, - a Payment of 10 -

March - 18th - -- 10 -

May - - 20th - -- 10 -

July - - 2 2d ----- 15 -

September 9th - -- --15 -

November 11th ----- 15 -

1796 — December 15 th - -- 15 -

f.100

The Interest on the 31, per Cent. Consols, to commence from 5th July 1795; and the Interest on the 3 per Cent. Reduced from the 10th October 1705; and the First Half Yearly Payments on the Long Annuity to be made on the 5th April 1796.

Walter Boyd, w Robarts,

Witnessed by Razcson Aislabie,

Daniel Giles, E. P. Salomons,

Thomas Raikes and Abm Goldsmid.

Ordered, That that the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, " and the Islands adjacent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Infantry, or Cavalry, for which the several Barracks (mentioned in the Account presented to this House upon Wednesday last, and signed by General De Lancey) are intended to be provided.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A List of such Officers in India, who have lately been promoted in His Majesty's Service to the Rank of General Officers.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, and Thomas Earl of Ailesbury, and the humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the: said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be inclosed, and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, Lord of the Manor of Thorney, and the humble Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and in Portsand otherwise Great Port-sand, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, " of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level " of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and

" maintain

Innkeeper*

Bill, committed.

Account relating to Barracks, ordered.

List of Officers in India lately promoted, presented.

Maulden

Inclosure

Petition.

North Level

Drainage

Petition.

36 Geo. III. 9® Februarii.361

" maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary " to the well draining and preserving the North Level,

" Part of the said Great Level, and for laying Taxes " upon the Lands within the said North Level, and " on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of " Crowlandand that by the said Act it was enacted,

that all the Lands and Grounds-within the said North Level, and the Lands called otherwise Great

Portsand (except as therein particularly mentioned) should Yearly, and every Year, be rated, charged, and assessed, in Manner following, that is to say, All the said Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as before excepted) with a Tax of Six Pence for every Acre, and the said Lands called Portsand, otherwise Great Portsand, with a Tax of Three Pence for every Acre, which Taxes are by the Act directed to be paid to the Petitioners, the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, or to their Receiver, to be applied in performing and maintaining the Works necessary for well draining and preserving the said Lands, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned and that the said Taxes have been duly collected and applied; and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on Mortgage of the same, which still remains charged thereon; and that, for the better draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, it is necessary that a further Tax should be laid thereon, the Taxes now payable having been found insufficient for the Purpose, and that Powers should be given to raise Money on the Credit of the said additional Tax, for the more expeditious and complete Execution of the Works requisite: And ' therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying an additional Tax on the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Lord John Russell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bedford and A Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying

£cmPRth,l'» into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year

Petition. of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall " Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of " Bedford to the Town of and from the said

" Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County " of Bedford, and also the Road branching out of the " same in Kempslon Field to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford," and also of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Bedford, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, which, together with the Money arising by the Tolls, have been duly laid out according to the Directions of the said Act; and that it would be for the Benefit of the Public if the Course of the said Turnpike Road was discontinued from the South End of Ridgmont Town, through Parts of the Parishes of Ridgmount and Husbom Crawley, to the Entrance into Woburn Park, at a Place called The Red Lodges, and altered so as to lead from the said South End of Ridgmont Town, through some Old Inclosures, Commons, and Common ^Fields, in the said Parishes of Ridgmont, Husborn Crawley, and Woburn, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, in the said County; and that the Term of the Vol. 51.

said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed thereon cannot be repaid, or the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the said Term be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Act, and for discontinuing and altering Parts of the Course of the said Turnpike Roads, and improving and repairing of the same, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Lord John Russell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, and the Houghton humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names Regis Incio-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprie- sure etltl0"* tors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford, was < presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be divided and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, and the Ridgemont humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names ^closure Pe-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprie- 1 tion' tors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be inclosed and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Lord John Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley, the Tarrington Survivor of the Devisees in Trust of Thomas Lord Inc*osure Pe-ley, deceased, the Honourable Edward Foley, Richard tltion'

Cope Hopton, and James Poole, Esquires, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Owners and Proprietors of the Open Fields, Meadow's, and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Her ford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, containing 450 Acres, or thereabouts,

4 Z which

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Consideration of a Bounty on Potatoes, deferred. Printed Paper and Stuffs Duty Bill, deferred.

Gringley on the Hill Inclosure Petition.

Lenton and Itadford Inclosure Petition.

362

9° — 10° Februarii. A. 1796.

which lie intermixed in small Parcels, and are incori-veriiently situated in respect to the several Proprietors thereof, and, in their* present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, to and amongst the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and General Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

whose Names are thereundbr-written, Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Lenton and Radford aforesaid, or One of them, or entitled to a Right of Commonage, or Rights of Commonage, in and upon the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying in those Parishes, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Forest Common and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of very little Benefit to the several Persons interested therein, but, if the same were to be set out into Allotments, and those Allotments divided and inclosed, and put into a proper State of Cultivation, and otherwise regulated and improved, the said Forest Common and Waste Lands, would be rendered much more beneficial to the several Persons interested than they can possibly be whilst in their present State: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Forest Common and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes of Lenton and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepontand Lord Edward Charles Cavendish

Bentinclido prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a Bounty to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on printed Paper and printed Stuff's.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* Februarii Anno 36* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

\ PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of on the Hill,

in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 3,200 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein, and Satisfaction made for the Tythes of 'the said Parish, it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested, as well as to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Benlinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George de Ligrte Gregory, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, aUd of the several Persons,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Hockerton, are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Kirklmgton, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads near the Town of Hockerton,

Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourn in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the Roads comprized in the said Act, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Hobart, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow'er to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Rugeley and thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Towns of Cannock Rugely and Cannock, and Places adjacent, in the ^oa eU* County of Stafford, and Proprietors of Land adjoining to, lying near, or being between, the said Towns, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending and widening the Road from the Town " of Stone to Wordsley Green Gate, and from the West " End of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton, to the High " Street opposite the Old Bush in Dudley, and from a " Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham,

" and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to " Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and " Warwick," several Tolls and Duties were granted, and divers Powers and Authorities given, for repairing the said Roads, and putting the said Act in Execution, and, by certain Acts of Parliament, made subsequent to the above-mentioned Act, the Time therein

a mentioned,

turn.

Elcombe Inclosure Bill, presented.

Great Wool-stone Inclosure Bill, reported.

Balsall Inclosure Petition.

36 Geo. 111. 10° Februarii. 363

mentioned, and the Powers thereby given, have been extended; and that the Commissioners, named in, and authorized by, the said several Acts, or some of them, intend making, or have made, Application, in this present Session, for further and additional Powers with regard to the said Roads, and it appears to the Petitioners that an Extension of the said Road, so far as relates to the second District thereof, from the Town of Rugeley to the Town of Cannock, will be commodious and advantageous to the Petitioners and the Public in general, inso much as it will cause considerable more Intercourse between the said Towns and the adjacent Country, by opening a Communication from many of the principal Trading Cities and Towns in the West of England to the principal Trading Cities and Towns in the North and Eastern Parts thereof: And therefore praying, That, if Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting the additional Powers aforesaid, Leave may also be given to introduce proper Clauses therein for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, with regard to such Extension, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing of the Road leading from the Road called through Wolverhampton, to Wordsley Green Gate, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Wanciclc, being the second District of the Roads comprized in certain Acts of Parliament, of the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of Wroughlon, and within the Tything of Uffcott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One.by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Governors of the Hospital of the Lady Katherine Leveson, in Balsall, alias Temple Balsall, and of the Possessions and Revenues thereof, Lords of the Manor and Soil of Balsall, in the County of Warwick, and of the Proprietors of Messuages and Lands

Vol. 51.

in the Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick, who have Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Hamlet in the said Parish of Hampton in Arden, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, a large and extensive Tract of Open Common and Waste Lands, containing together 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present uncultivated State, is of little Service to the Persons interested therein, but that, if the same were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, and such Allotments inclosed, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement of the Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Frederick Rebenack, was presented Rcbenack's to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nat.Petition, given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Wigley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop Bromyard of Hereford, Lord of the Manor of Bromyard and Inclosure Bromyard Foreign, in the County of Hereford, the ^etit‘on-Reverend the Portiopists and Vicar of the Parish of Bromyard, John Barneby, Esquire, the Reverend Poking ton George Tomkyns, Doctor of Laws, Robert Sweeting Dansie, Esquire, Thomas Colley, Esquire, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the Manor of Bromyard and Bromyard Foreign aforesaid, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Bromyard Dozens and Bringstay Common, consisting of about 437 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but the same might be rendered of great Use if divided and inclosed, and such Division and Inclosure would be attended with great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, the said Commons or Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir George Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Twyford thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and otherwise Inclosure interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, etltion‘ Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Proprietors of, and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out, and allotted, to and for every of them, according to their respective Properties therein, to be held in Severalty

Dunton Bas-ett Inclosure Bill, reported.

AVhitby Piers and Harbour Petition.

364 10® Februarii. . 1796.

for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing certain Acts, passed for the re-building, repairing, and improving the Piers and Harbour of in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for re-building and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of in the County of York, several Duties were granted upon all Ships and Vessels entering within the Piers of the said Port, and upon certain Goods and Merchandizes therein particularly mentioned, landed within the Haven or Piers of the said Port of Whitby, and shipped off from Whitby aforesaid, and also a Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on all Coals loaded at certain Places therein mentioned, for the Term of Nine Years, to commence from the 1st Day of May 1702, with such Provisions for the due collecting, accounting for, and applying of the said Duties, and other Powers, Matters, and Things relating thereto, and for keeping clear the said Harbour, as in the same Act is particularly mentioned; and that, by another Act, made in the Seventh Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, the said recited. Act was continued until the 1st Day of May 1723; and, by another Act, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, the Duties and Sums of Money granted and imposed by the said recited Acts (save and except the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder) were made perpetual, and enacted to be paid to the Trustees therein named, and their Successors for ever, to the End that the Piers and Harbour of Whitby aforesaid might be preserved, kept, and continued in good Repair; and that, by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for lengthening the West Pier of the said Harbour of Whitby, and for improving the Harbour, the said Duty of One Farthing/>er Chalder, granted by the said Act of the First Year of Queen Anne, and continued by the said Act of the Seventh Year of her Reign (but which had ceased from the 1st Day of May 1723) was revived, continued, and directed to be paid, for the further Term of Thirty-one Years, to

be computed from the 1st Day of June 1735; and, by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Duty of a Farthing per Chalder upon Coals was continued for tire further Term of Thirty-one Years, to be computed from the 1st Day of June 1766, which Term is near expiring; and that, in pursuance of the said Acts, a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Duties, which still remains due, and the said Piers have been for some Time past, repairing, and considerable further Repairs and Improvements are necessary to render the said Harbour more extensively useful, and the Entrance thereto more safe and easy, but which Repairs and Improvements cannot be effected without a further Continuance of the said Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals; and that some of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Acts require Alteration and Amendment: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Continuance of the said Duty of One Farthing a Chalder upon Coals, for such further Term, and for altering and amending the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Paul Garden,

within the Liberty of Westmimter, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Saint Paul Garden, and the Vestry Rooms thereto adjoining, were, on Thursday the 17th Day of September last, destroyed by Fire, and several of the Iron Rails inclosing the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, were materially damaged; and that the Petitioners cannot raise the Money necessary to defray the Expences of rebuilding the said Church and Vestry Rooms, and of repairing and re-instating the said Iron Rails and Gates, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the said Parish Church of Saint Paid Covent Garden, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and re-instating the Iron Rails inclosing the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Hood, Mr. Fox, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, obtained an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads from several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, irl the Parish of Bradford, in the County

Covent Garden Church Petition.

Petition to vary the Line of the Somersetshire Cool Canal Navigation, &c.

36 Geo. III. 10° Februarii.

County of Wilts, and, under and by virtue of the Powers thereby given to them, have proceeded to make such Canal, and have expended a very considerable Sum of Money therein; and that, on Examination of the Lands through which they are, by the above mentioned Act, empowered to make and complete the said Canal, and other Lands in the several Parishes in the said Act mentioned, the Petitioners have discovered that it will be more convenient and useful to the Public if, instead of the Line directed to be pursued by the said Act, the Petitioners were empowered to vary the same on the Radstock Line of the said Canal, from the Western Extremity of a certain Orchard, situate on the Northwestward of Piglinch Farm House, in the Parish of Wellow, in the County of Somerset, into a certain Close of Pasture Land in the said Parish of Wellow, now or late belonging to Messieurs Smith and Britton, and now or late in the Occupation of Thomas Keates, and from or at the Westernmost Part of a Close of Pasture Land, in the said Parish of Wellow, belonging to Joseph Hill, Esquire, in the Occupation of Rebecca Rossiter, into a certain Close of Pasture Ground, in the Parish of South Stoke, in the said County of Somerset, belonging to Benjamin Esquire, and

on the Dunkerton Line of the said Canal, from or near the Westernmost Extremity of a certain Orchard near the Mill, in the Parish of Tim in the said County of Somerset, belonging to Sarah Collins, Widow, into a Close of Arable Land, in the Parish of in the said County of Somerset, belonging to James Stephens, Esquire, situate on the Eastward Side of Camerton Upper Coal Works, and in and from a Close of Arable Land, called Redfield, in the said Parish of Camerton, belonging to the said James Stephens, into another Close of Arable Land, situate in the Parish of Dunkerton, in the said County of Somerset, belonging to Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, Baronet, in the Possession of James Dando, Junior, and also, in and from a Close of Pasture Ground, situate in the said Parish of Dunkerton, belonging to the said Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, and in the Possession of Enoch Skrine, to the proposed Junction with the Radstock Line in the said Parish of South Stoke, and also, to vary and alter the Line of the said Canal from such proposed Junction of the said Two Lines to the proposed Junction with the Rennet and Avon Canal, to the West Side of and into the River Avon, in the Parish of Monkton Coomb, in the County of Somerset; and that such Variation will prevent the Necessity of a Tunnel, will pass through Lands of inferior Value, and be executed at much less Expence, and, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that such Variations may be easily effected; and that such Variations cannot be effected under the Powers contained in the said Act, by reason that the Petitioners are restrained, by Clauses therein contained, from deviating from the Line of Canal thereby authorized to be made other than as therein mentioned; and that it would tend to the better carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution if such Clauses, so far as respects such Deviations, were repealed, and if some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act were altered and amended, and other Powers given to the said Company of Proprietors, enabling them to make such Variations or Deviation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Dent, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Vol. 51.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council Men, Free Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, also of the several Proprietors of Estates there, and in the Vicinity thereof, and of the Farmers and Occupiers thereof, and also of the several Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Grimsby

is a very ancient Port, and the Haven there, which extends from the Two Bridges, or Sluices, in the Parish of Great Grimsby aforesaid, to the River Humber, was formerly deep, and capacious enough to admit Ships of nearly 400 Tons Burthen, which used to float by the said Bridges, or the One of them; and that the said Haven is now so silted and warped up as to- be navigable only for Sloops of about 40 Tons Burthen, which are frequently neaped for Ten or Twelve Days together, the same being seldom able, when loaded, either to get up or out of the said Haven but at Spring Tides, and, consequently, it is now become almost impracticable for any Ship to navigate so far up the Haven as to reach the legal Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places of the said Port, by Means whereof the Trade of the Town of Great Grimsby is gone to almost entire Decay, to the great Loss, Prejudice, and Inconvenience, as well of the Inhabitants thereof, and of the adjacent Country, as of the Public at Jarge; and that, if the said Haven was widened, deepened, and rendered more straight, and the Course thereof in Part varied, and also, if the Water of a certain Beck called Freshney, which runs in or between the Two adjoining Parishes of Great Coates and Little Coates, and in or between Great Coates and Great Grimsby aforesaid, was brought into the said Haven, the same would be rendered navigable more constantly, and for Vessels of larger Burthen, whereby the Trade and Commerce of the said Town would be restored, and considerably increased, and the Public in general greatly benefited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, straightening, and improving the said Haven, or otherwise to alter and vary, in Part, the Course and Direction thereof, also for taking, and conveying into the same Haven the Water of the said Beck, called Freshney, and for that Purpose to make new Cuts or Drains from the said Beck through the intervening Lands, lying in the said Parishes of Little Coates and Great Grimsby, or otherwise to widen, deepen, enlarge, and straighten the Old Drains, Cuts, or Ditches, extending from the said Beck through certain other Lands, lying in the said Two last mentioned Parishes, to the said Haven, and also for other beneficial Purposes, subject to such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, Provisoes and Restrictions, as the House shall judge to be expedient and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report, the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dudley North, Mr. Harrison, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's'Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir John Rushout, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Harrow, otherwise Sudbury, in the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex, and Patron of the

5 A Vicarage

Great Grimsby Haven Petition.

Beccles Pa\ ing, &c. Bil presented.

Harrow Inclosure Petition.

366 10° Februarii. . 1796.

Vicarage of Harrow aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors or Owners of, or Persons interested, or entitled to Right of Common in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Open and Common Fields, and also certain Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, dispersed, and separated in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, liable to frequent Trespasses, very inconvenient, and incapable of any considerable Improvement, and the said Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands are, in their present State, of little Value to the several Persons interested therein, or entitled to Right of Common thereon; and that, if the said Open and Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and the said Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted in Severalty to the Persons interested, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, freed and discharged of and from all Right of Common in, upon, and over the same, great Advantage would arise to the Parties interested and concerned, and also much Benefit to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Maimuaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

elby Inclo- A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward

ire Petition. Lord Petre, and the humble Petition of Humphry Osbaldeston, Esquire, Thomas Edmunds, Jane Banks, Jam Raby, and divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, amounting to 654 Statute Acres, or thereabouts, which now lie open, uninclosed, and uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of very ' great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as a great Part thereof may be converted into Ploughing and Meadow Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the Common and Waste Grounds of, and within, the Manor and Parish of Selby aforesaid, inclosed, divided and allotted, by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, unto and among the Petitioners, and the rest of the Land Owners of, and within, the Manor and Parish of Selby aforesaid, that have Right of Common thereon respectively, in Proportion to their several and respective Interests, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Randyll Burch and Mr. Henry Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Barrington Trinity College, in the University of Cambridge, the *n?losurePe-Master and Fellows of Catherine Hall, in the said Uni- tltion' versity, Richard Bendyshe, Esquire, and others, of the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Houses and inclosed Lands of the several Owners, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, to and amongst them, in Proportion to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and the Earl of Euston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition to thereunto subscribed, being Cheesemongers, and Dealers prevent in Butter, resident in and near the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That conveying1 the Petitioners, and the other Traders and Dealers in Butter. Butter, in and near the Metropolis, are, at present, exposed to great Frauds and Abuses in their Business by the using of Tubs, Casks, Firkins, and other Vessels, for packing and conveying Butter, of an enormous Weight or Thickness, and by Carriers and others, having the Charge thereof, scraping and cutting Butter from the Tops and Bottoms of the Tubs, Casks, Firkins, or other Vessels, in which Butter is packed and conveyed, and also by the Butter made at one Dairy being fraudulently exchanged and exposed to Sale as the Butter of some other Dairy, whereby Dealers in Butter are frequently deceived, and Farmers unjustly incur Disrepute; and that the Petitioners, and die Public, have also sustained great Injury by Butter being brought to London defective in Weight and Quality, which might be prevented if proper Regulations were established for weighing and searching Butter throughout this Kingdom, or certain Parts thereof; and that divers other Frauds and Abuses exist in the packing and conveying of Butter, which cannot be effectually remedied by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better preventing the several Frauds and Abuses aforesaid, and for establishing Regulations for weighing, searching, packing, and conveying Butter, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Per- ^n^ttae sons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Docks, &c. Merchants and others residing in or near the Cities of Petition. London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, is referred.

A Petition

36 Geo. III. 10 Februarii. 367

Ellesmere A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the viation^Peti- EllesmereCanal, was presented to the House, and read; tinn (from Setting: forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-Franckton third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the

Common.) Petitioners were authorized and empowered to make

and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County erf Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, with several Collateral Cuts or Branches therefrom; and that, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that, instead of a certain Part of the Line of the said Canal, directed to be pursued by the said Act, a Deviation may be conveniently made at or near Franckton Common, in the Parish of Whittington, and in the Township of Franckton, in the County of Salop, to or near a certain Bridge, in the Parish of , and in the Township of in the same County,

called Sherrymans Bridge, and a Branch from such

Deviation on Whixall Moss, in the Parish of Prees, and Township of Vihixall, in the said County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road on Prees Higher Heath, leading from Whitchurch to Sand ford, in the said County of Salop, and also, another Branch therefrom in the Parish and Township of Ellesmere, in the said County of Salop, near a Bam there called Blackwaters Barn, to a Garden, in the same Parish and Township, in the Occupation of Edward Jackson, which Deviation and Brandies will be a Means of facilitating the making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize thereon, will promote and increase the Trade, Commerce, and Agriculture of the Country through which the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and such Deviation and Branches, may pass, and will otherwise be of great Public Utility; and that the said Act also requires to be amended and altered, and it is necessary, to complete the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, that the said Company of Proprietors should be enabled to raise more Money: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to after and amend the said Act, and to authorize and empower the said Ellesmere Canal Company to raise more Money, and to make such Deviation ana Branches of, and from the Line of, the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and also to make such additional Cuts and Branches, to be connected therewith, as herein before mentioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sinclair, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ellesmere A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Devia- Ellesmere Canal, was presented to the House, and read; (from the°n Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-Parish of third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the

Ruabon.) Petitioners were authorized and empowered to make

and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, with several Collateral Cuts or Branches therefrom; and that, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that, instead of a certain Part of the Line of the said Canal, directed to be pursued by the said Act, a Deviation may be conveniently made from the said Canal, in the Parish of Ruabon and Township of -

tioneth Kenrick, in the County of Denbigh, at or near Pontcysylte, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the same County, to or near a Dwelling House in the Occupation of Edward Jenkins, in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the County of the City of , and a

Branch from such Deviation on Cefn Common, in the Vol. 51.

Parish of Ruabon and Township of Kenrick

aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to Acrefair Coal Works, in the said County of Denbigh, and also, another Branch therefrom in the Parish of and Township of Gwersylt, in the said County of Denbigh, near a House in the Occupation of Robert Dod, to or near the Talwem Coal Works, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, and also, another Branch from such Deviation from or near a House in the Parish of Gresford and Township of Burton, in the said County of Denbigh, called The Broad Oak, to a certain Field near the River Allen, in the said Parish of Gresford and Township of Allington, in the said County of Denbigh, called Cae Morgan, there to join the Branch of the said Canal, which Deviation and Branches will be a Means of facilitating the making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize thereon, will promote and increase the Trade, Commerce, and Agriculture of the Country through which the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and such Deviation mid Branches, may pass, and will otherwise be of great Public Utility; and that the said Act also requires to be amended and altered, and it is necessary, to complete the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, that the said Company of Proprietors should be enabled to raise more Money: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, and to authorize and empower the said Ellesmere Canal Company, to raise more Money, and to make such Deviation and Branches of, and from the Line of, the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and also to make such additional Cuts and Branches, to be connected therewith, as hereinbefore mentioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sinclair, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, Consumers of Hay and Straw, regulating residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and S^of Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; straw. Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, certain Provisions were made for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw in the Hay Markets in London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Thirty Miles thereof, which Provisions are found insufficient to answer the Purposes intended by the said Acts, and great Frauds and Abuses are daily committed by Salesmen and other Persons buying and selling Hay and Straw: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts, and for more effectually regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng,

&c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley was Mr. Foley's presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Pet*ti°nJl-e-That, by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His ^Castle*1*"

present Inclosure Act.

368 10 Februarii. A. 1796.

present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, " Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable " Lands, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County " of Worcester" it was enacted, that the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, and a Tract of Land therein mentioned, called Hanley Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Hanley Castle, should, as soon as conveniently might be, be divided, set out, and allotted, by certain Commissioners therein named, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner therein mentioned; and, it was further enacted, that all Persons, having or claiming any Lands or Rights of Common in or upon the said Common Fields and other Commonable and Waste Lands, thereby directed to be divided and inclosed, should, and were thereby required, by themselves or their Agents, to lay their respective Claims in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents, before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, at their First or Second Meeting to be holden for the Purposes of the said Act, and that no such Claims should be received by the said Commissioners after their Second Meeting, except for some special Cause to be by them allowed, and that, if any Dispute or Difference should arise between the Parties interested in the said Division touching or concerning any such Claim, or any other Matter or Thing relating to the Division and Allotment of the said Lands and Grounds, it should be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they were thereby empowered and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, and upon such other Evidence, Enquiry, and Proof, as they should think proper, to hear and determine the same, and every such Determination should be binding and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; but, the said Act recites, that the Owners of several Estates lying in the Parish of in the said

County of Worcester, and the Owners of several Estates in the Parish of Cohcall, in the County of Hereford, claimed to be entitled to Common of Pasture in and upon the said Tract of Land, called Hanley Common, as appurtenant to their several Estates, and might be desirous of trying such Claims at Law, it was there- fore enacted, that the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, should, and they were thereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, and by such other Ways and Means as they should think proper, to hear and determine the said Claims of the Owners of Estates in the Parishes of Mathon and Cohcall, and each of them, and forthwith to reduce such Determination into Writing, and the same should, at all seasonable Times, be open to the Inspection of all Persons claiming to be interested, or their Agents, without Fee or Reward, and that, in case any Person should object to such Determination of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and should give Notice thereof to the said Commissioners, or any One of them, under his Hand, or the Hands of his Agent, within Fourteen Days after such Determination, it should and might be lawful for any One or more of the Persons seised of any of the Estates within the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, or either of them, to commence and prosecute, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, One or more Action or Actions against any of the Persons having Lands within the said Parish of Hanley Castle, and claiming Right of Common in and upon the said Tract of Land, called Hanley Common, for ascertaining the Right of the Person or Persons claiming such Right of Common as aforesaid, and to declare therein upon a feigned Wager, as usual in Declarations for trying Issues directed by Courts of Equity, and that such Declaration or Declarations, in case the Parties should not agree in settling the same, should be settled by the proper Officers of the Court wherein the Action

or Actions should be brought, and, after delivering such Declaration or Declarations, the Defendant or Defendants should forthwith appear, accept the same, and plead to Issue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein should proceed to the Trial of such Action or Actions, at the Summer Assizes, in and for the County of Gloucester, next after the passing of the said Act, and the Verdict or Verdicts to be given should be final and conclusive, unless the Court, wherein the Action should be brought, should set aside the same, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which it should be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases, and that, after any Verdict or Verdicts should have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the Party or Parties for whom such Verdict or Verdicts should be obtained, should and might procure his and their Costs of Suit to be taxed by the proper Officers of the Court where such Action or Actions should have been brought, and the same should, in case the Right were found for such Owner of Lands in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, or either of them, be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, out of the Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing the said Act, and carrying the same into Execution, as therein mentioned; but, in Case a Verdict or Verdicts should pass for the Defendant or Defendants, then the Defendant or Defendants Costs, being taxed by the proper Officer, should be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions: That, before the said Act had received the Royal Assent, the Petitioner, who is seised of considerable Estates in the Manor and Parish of Great Malvern, in the County of Worcester, and in Right of which he conceived himself entitled to Right of Common on Hanley Common, was apprized by his Agent, that the same Right was not given or reserved to him of trying his Claim at Law, as was reserved and given to the Owners of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, and therefore the Petitioner directed his said Agent to apply to Thomas Hornyhold, Junior, Esquire (the Lord of the Manor of Hanley Castle, within which the said Waste Lands lay) and the Solicitor employed in passing the said Act, for the Purpose of having the same recommitted and amended, by adding the Manor or Parish of Malvern to the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, so as to give them equal Rights to a Trial at Law, in case they disapproved of the Decision of the Commissioners; and the said Agent having made such Request, the said Thomas Hornyhold, and the Solicitor for passing the said Act, consented thereto, but it was apprehended, that the Introduction of any new Words or Matter in the said Act would prove fatal to it, and therefore the Agent of the Petitioner, upon the Assurance of the said Thomas Hornyhold and the said Solicitor, that no Difficulty should be thrown in the Way of the Petitioner in trying his Right, or Claim, at Law, in the Event of the Mathon and Colwall Proprietors establishing their Claim, consented to withdraw the proposed Amendment, and to permit the Act to pass into a Law; and that the Petitioner, conceiving his Right preserved under the above Agreement, until the Rights of the Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall should be established, or rejected at Law, did not make, or present, any Claim before the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, at their First or Second Meeting, as by the said Act is directed and required: That divers of the Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall delivered to the said Commissioners their Claims of a Right of Common, in respect of those Estates on the said Tract or Waste called Hanley Common, at their First or Second Meeting, as by the said Act is directed, and the same Claims were heard by the said Commissioners, who decided against the said Owners or Proprietors

Petition for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Exeter in Rockingham Forest.

36 Geo. III. 10° Feb 369

tors of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, whereupon divers Actions were commenced by several of the Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, who were dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners against Edmund Lechmere, Esquire, one of the Parties having Lands in the said Parish of Hanley Castle, and claiming Right of Common on the said Tract, or Waste, called Hanley Common, as by the said Act is directed, and Two of the said Causes came on to be tried at the last Gloucester Assizes before Lord Kenyon, when Verdicts were given in Favour, of, and the Right of Common of the Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, who commenced the said Actions, was clearly established, and the Decision of the said Commissioners thereby superseded, and the other Actions, so commenced by the said Owners or Proprietors of Estates in the said Parishes of Mathon and Colwall, are now depending: That the Commissioners under the said Act have since proceeded, and are still proceeding, in the Execution of the said Act, without Regard to the Interest or Claim of the Petitioner or any other Land Owner within the said Manor and Parish of Great Malvern, to his and their manifest Injury and Loss; and the Petitioner is advised, that the Commissioners cannot now legally receive his Claim, or, if they do, that they may proceed to determine the same, from which Determination he can have no Appeal under the said Act, whereby the Substance of his private Agreement of trying his Right at Law will be totally defeated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Petitioner and the other Owners of Estates in the Manor and Parish of Great Malvern, further Time to present their Claims to the said Commissioners, and for them to proceed to determine the same, and to enable such Owners, in case they shall not approve of the Decision of the Commissioners, to try their Rights at Law, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. JViglcy, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Exeter, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was Drought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by virtue of several Grants from the Crown, is seised in Fee of the Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and other Hereditaments, within the Haye or Walk of , within the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, except Herbage for the King's Deer and Wild Beasts, and all Royal Mines upon the Premisses, and is also seised in Fee of the Office of Forester or Keeper of the said Haye or Walk, and of all the Deer and Wild Beasts therein, and divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common upon the said Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and Premisses; and that the said Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands and Premisses, are capable of Improvement, and for that Purpose it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands belonging to the Petitioner in lieu of such Rights of Common, but, as

Vol. 51.

such Improvement cannot effectually be carried into Execution so long as the Deer of die Forest are at Liberty to go into the said Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, Woodlands and Premisses, the Petitioner has made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Leave that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, now remaining in His Majesty, in, over, and upon the said Haye or Walk, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, to which His Majesty has been pleased to give His Consent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Exeter, and John Earl of Westmorland, being offered to be presented to the

House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are seised of, or entitled to, divers Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Haye or Walk of Westhay, the Haye or Walk of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and the Haye or Walk of Morehay, in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, over which the Deer of the Forest feed and depasture, and over which, or some Parts thereof, divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common; that the Deer and Rights of Common are very injurious to the Growth of the Underwood and young Timber therein, and it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, entitled to the said Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and Premisses, convenient in Situation, and adequate in Value, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the feeding of the Deer, and for such Rights of Common, and to extinguish the same; and that some of the Lands and Estates in Southwick, in the said County, entitled to such Rights of Common, are subject to the Payment of Tythes, and it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands in Southwick aforesaid, in lieu of such Tythes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Petition of George Finch Hatton, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Gretton and Corby, in the County of Northampton, and also Owners and Proprietors of Common Rights upon those Parts of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which are within the Bailiwick of the said Forest, called Rockingham Bailiwick, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's 5 B Command)

Petition for allotting Lands to the Earls of Exeter and Westmorland in Rockingham Forest.

Petition for inclosing Lands in Gretton and Corby, withir Rockingham Forest, &c.

370

10° Februarii.

A. 1796.

'etition for a Jrant of iands to Mr. 'inch Hatton i Rocking-am Forest.

Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought of, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein; and that the Petitioner, the said. George Finch Hatton, and others, are seised of, or entitled to, divers Woods, Woodlands, Coppices, and other Lands and Grounds, within that Part of the said Forest of Rockingham which is called Rockingham Bailiwick, upon which the Deer of the Forest feed and depasture, and divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common; and that the Deer and the Rights of Common are injurious to the Growth of the Underwood and young Timber therein, and it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and others, entitled to the said Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds, convenient in Situation, and adequate in Value, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the feeding of the Deer, and the Rights of Common, and to extinguish the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George Finch , Esquire, being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the stud Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of a Grant from the Crown, the Petitioner is seised of the Custody of the Launde of Benefield, within the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, with the Office of Valet and Groomkeeper of the same Launde, and the Wild Beasts therein, and also of the Office of Keeper of divers Woods within the said Forest of Rockingham, and within the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the said Forest, and the Custody of the Wild Beasts within the Launde, Offices, Woods, and Bailiwick aforesaid, and is also seised of the Messuage, called The Launde Lodge, within the Launde aforesaid, and of the Herbage and Pannage of the said Launde; and that the Petitioner and others are seised of, or entitled to, divers Woods, Lands and Grounds, in the said Bailiwick, over which the said Office extends, and in or over which the Deer of the said Forest have Right to feed and depasture; and that divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common upon the Woods, Lands, and Premisses, and the said Launde, Woods, Lands, and Premisses, are capable of Improvement, and for that Purpose it will be expedient to set out, and allot, Lands in lied of such Right of Common, but as such Improvement cannot be effectually carried into Execution so long as the Deer of the Forest are at Liberty to go into the said Launde, Woods, Lands, and Premisses, the Petitioner has made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Leave that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest now remaining in His Majesty, in, over, and upon, the said Launde, Woods, Lands, and Premisses, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, to which His Majesty has been pleased to give His Consent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Earl of Westmorland, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by virtue of several Grants from the Crown, is seised in Fee of all the Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and other Hereditaments, within the Haye or Walk of Sulehay Formes and Shortwood, and within the Haye or Walk of More-hay, within the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, except Oaks of a certain Size, being Timber upon the said Haye or Walk of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and except the Herbage for the King's Deer and Wild Beasts, and all Royal Mines upon the Premisses, and is also seised in Fee of the Office of Forester or Keeper of the said Hayes or Walks, and of all the Deer and Wild Beasts therein, and is also entitled for Three Lives, under Grants from His present Majesty, of the Office of Master Forester or Keeper of the said Bailiwick, called Clifife Bailiwick, and all the Herbage and Deer Browse within the said Haye or Walk of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and the said Haye or Walk of Morehay, with Power for the Petitioner to have and take all the Deer to his own Use, without any Account, and to inclose the said Woods, Underwoods, Lawns, Coppices, and other Premisses, and to convert the same into Tillage, and such other Uses as the Petitioner should think fit; and that the Petitioner has not yet destroyed the said Deer, in regard the Woods being Commonable to several neighbouring Parishes, the Cattle could not be excluded beyond the usual Time, and the Removal of the Deer would have no other Effect than leaving a greater Portion of Herbage for the Commoners, without any Advantage to the Petitioner; that the said Premisses are capable of Improvement, and might be improved if the Commonable Cattle were excluded therefrom, for which Purpose the Petitioner is desirous to make a full Compensation to the Commoners for their Common Rights, but, as such Improvement cannot be effectually carried into Execution so long as the Deer of the Forest are at Liberty to go into the said Woods and Premisses, the Petitioner has made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Leave that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest now remaining in His Majesty in, over, and upon the said Hayes or Walks, upon a lull and adequate Consideration to be paid by the Petitioner for the same, to which His Majesty has been pleased to give His Consent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Kir.

Petition for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Westmorland in Rockingham Forest.

Turkey

Company's

Petition.

Petition from the Board of Agriculture.

Committee of Supply.

Report Militia Estimate, referred.

36 Geo. III.

10 Februa

371

Mr. Pmcys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that an Ambassador should be sent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, and Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in the different Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade; and the Charge of the said Establishment is borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with other Expences incident to carrying on the Trade, have, of late Years, amounted to about 8,oooo/. per Annum; and that the Petitioners acknowledge, with Gratitude, the several Grants they have, from Time to Time, received from the Bounty of Parliament, and, although they did not apply for Assistance in the Course of the last Session, as they found themselves in a Situation to support their Expences,.yet they are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not declare their present Inability to support their necessary and unavoidable Expences unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty, having been graciously pleased, in Consequence of an Address from this House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners have much Satisfaction in acquainting the House, that the important Purposes intended by that Institution are likely to be carried into full Effect: And therefore praying, That they may be supported by a farther Grant for the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of toe ray and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Vojl. 51.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1796, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to toe said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, pasije^ in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two " Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the " Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And toe said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from toe Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to' receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Account of Exchequer Bills, referred.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Bill for granting

Duties on

Legacies of

Personal Estates,

committed.

Mr. Hobart to carry Sir Charles Rich's Estate Bill to the Lords.

Trent

Bridges and Nottingham Roads and Entrances Petition.

Nottingham Trent Bridge Roads Petition.

972 11° Februarii. A. 1796.

Jovis, 11® die Februarii;

Anno 36° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich, Baronet, and Dame Maty Frances his Wife, situate in the County of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual Sums, payable during the Life, and for the Benefit, of Sir George Rich, Baronet, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons residing within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Nottingham Trent Bridge, to the Town of Nottingham, is at present in a very ruinous State, having been greatly damaged by the Flood in the Spring of the Year 179,5; and that the Passage over the said Bridge, called The Trent Bridge, being extremely narrow and inconvenient, it is essential to the Accommodation of the Public that the said Trent Bridge should be re-built upon such a Plan as to render the same more commodious and easy of Passage, and that the Road should be raised, and other additional Bridges and Arches, sufficient for the Passage of the Flood Water, should be erected on the said Road, in order to render the same safe and commodious, and protected at all Seasons from the Flood to which it is peculiarly exposed; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that the leading Entrances into the said Town of Nottingham, by Chapel Bar and Hollow Stone, are, at present, in njany Places extremely narrow, inconvenient, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and the Road through the Town is in a ruinous Condition; and that the said Entrances cannot be widened or improved, or the said Road effectually widened and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Toll at the Trent Bridge, for rebuilding or improving the Trent Bridge, for repairing the Road leading from the same to the Town of Nottingham, the Chain and Flood Bridge, and also the Leen Bridge on the said Road, and for constructing such other Flood Bridges on the said Road as may be thought necessary, and for making, repairing, and widening, a Road from the Leen Bridge, near to the said Town of Nottingham, to join the Mansfield Turnpike Road, and for widening the Entrance and Road into the said Town, by Way of Chapel Bar, for paving and improving the said Road, and for contributing to the Improvement of the Road from Chapel Bar to the Top of the Sand Hills.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Robert Smith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Another Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Nottingham Trent Bridge, to the Town of Nottingham, is at

present in a very ruinous State, having been greatly damaged by the Flood in the Spring of the Year 1795, and it is essential to the Accommodation of the Public, and particularly of the Town of Nottingham and its Neighbourhood, that the Road should be raised, and that other additional Bridges and Arches, sufficient for the Passage of the Flood Water, should be provided in order to render the said Road safe and commodious, protected at all Seasons from the Flood, to which, from its Situation, it is peculiarly exposed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Toll at the Trent Bridge, for repairing the Roads from the Trent Bridge to the Town of Nottingham, the Chain and Flood Bridges, and also the Leen Bridge, and for constructing such other Flood Bridges as may be thought necessary on the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Owners and Proprietors in Fee Simple of a certain Edifice, called The East India House, and of divers Offices and Warehouses thereunto adjoining, situate in Leaden hall Street in the City of London, and

extending in the back Part thereof to the West Side of Lime Street, in the said City, in which House, besides other valuable Property, the Petitioners keep all their Records, Books, Papers, and Writings, of great Consequence to the Public as well as to the Petitioners; and that there are sundry Houses and Buildings in Leadenhall Street, lying to the Eastward of the Petitioners said House, and running from thence to the North West Corner of Lime Street, and also sundry Houses and Buildings in Lime Street aforesaid, running from the said North West Corner up to Premisses in Lime Street, belonging to the Petitioners, now used as a Shipping Office for Private Trade, and other Offices over the same, which said Houses and Buildings in Leadenhall Street and Lime Street, so lying between the said East India House and the Petitioners said Premisses in Lime Street, in some Parts are intermixed Property, by the lower Rooms belonging to, and being occupied by, different Persons from the upper Parts of such Buildings, and most of the said Houses and Buildings are very old, and, in great Part, Timber and Lath and Plaister Buildings, and are therefore very dangerous in respect to Fire, and hazardous Trades are now carried on in Parts of the said Premisses; and that the North End of Lime Street, opposite to the said Houses, is very narrow and inconvenient, and the Petitioners are desirous to widen the same for the Public Accommodation, so as to make it of the W idth of Twenty-two Feet from the Entrance thereof up to the Premises in Lime Street belonging to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, considering it necessary to the Safety of the East India House, and the Public Offices and Warehouses adjoining and belonging thereto, that all the Houses and Buildings aforesaid, running from the East Side of their House in Leadenhall Street up to the End of Lime Street, and from thence up to the Petitioners said Premisses in Lime Street, should be vested in them, for the Purpose of pulling down, and making new Buildings convenient and safe to the East India House, and for the Purpose of widening Lime Street as aforesaid, they have purchased, and agreed for the Purchase of, some of the said Buildings, and have endeavoured to purchase the Whole thereof, but, by reason of Charitable Uses and Trusts, and Family Settlements, in some Cases, and other Causes, they cannot effect such Purchases, and get good Titles to the Premisses, without the

East India Company's Petition for erecting Warehouses in Leadenhall Street, &c.

East India Company's Petition for erecting Warehouses in Gravel Lane, &c.

36 Geo. III. 11° Februarii. 373

Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore said respective Premisses will be advantageous to the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Parties interested therein, and the said Frances for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations well Sibley and her Trustees are desirous to complete and Restrictions as to the House shall appear to be the same, but, by Means of the Entail on the said Pre- proper. misses, and the Infancy of her Children, a good Title

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and Conveyance thereof cannot be made without Consideration of a Committee: And that they do the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the shall appear to them, to the House: respective Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, with such

And it is referred to Mr. Scott, Sir Francis Baring, Restrictions, Provisions, and Clauses, as to the House &c.: And they are to meet To - morrow Morning, shall appear proper.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Records. examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants . And it is referred to Mr. Scott, Sir Francis;

of England, trading to the East Indies, was presented &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; tioners have purchased, and contracted to purchase, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and and are possessed of, a large Spot of Ground, lying on Records, both Sides of Gravel Lane, in the Parish of Saint

Botolph Aldgate, in the City of London, between New . A Petition of several Gentlemen; Freeholders, Mer- Tamar Street towards the North, Petticoat Lane towards the chants, and Inhabitants, of Devon and Cornwall, was p^j^00' East, Harrow Alley towards the South, and Houndsditch presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, towards the West, which they have purchased, and That, by several Surveys lately taken, it has been contracted to purchase, for the Purpose of building found practicable so to improve the River Tamar,

Warehouses thereon; and that the Goods to be de- from Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in

posited in the said Warehouses will be of very great the County of to, or near to, a Place called

Value, and in which the Public will be interested, as Pool, near in the said County and Parish,

well as the Petitioners, and it is necessary, that the as to render the same navigable for Boats, Barges, and

said Warehouses, for Safety and Convenience, should other Vessels, and from thence to make a Navigable

be united and made private, but the said Ground is Canal through the several Parishes or Hamlets of

intersected and divided by the said Public Lane, called Tavistock, Lamerton, South Sydenham, Milton Abbott,

Gravel Lane, leading in different Directions from Petti- Dunterton, Bradstone, Werrington, Saint Giles

coat Lane into Houndsditch, running nearly through in the Heath, Northcott, Tetcott, and Claw-the Centre of the said Ground, which said Lane is ex- ton, all in the County of Devon, to, or near to, a ceedingly narrow, and very inconvenient for Carriages, certain Bridge, called Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish being in several Parts thereof not more than Eight of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and Feet wide; and that the Petitioners are desirous to to make a Collateral Cut from the Line of the said appropriate Gravel Lane to their own Use, for the intended Canal, at, or near to, Powlson Bridge, in the Purpose of uniting their said Warehouses, and are Parish of Lifton, in the County of Devon, navigable willing, at their own Expence, to make such Pur- for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, to Richgrove chases as are necessary, and to open a new Street Mill, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said between the Places aforesaid, through Harrow Alley, County of Cornwall', and that such Navigation, Canal, on the South Side of the said Ground (which Alley, in and Collateral Cut, will afford the Means of carrying some Parts, is not more than Four Feet wide, and in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Timber, Tin, Lead, no Part above Six Feet) and to extend the South End Slate, Lime, Sand, and Manure, at a small Expence* of a certain Street, called White Street, to join the whereby the Trade of many Places will be greatly intended new Street, and to make such new Street promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a throughout of the Width of Sixteen Feet at the least, very populous Country much increased, and the same paving the Carriage Way, as other Streets are paved, will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, for Carriages, and paving the Foot Way with Purbeck That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

Stone; and that the said new Street will be abundantly making and maintaining the said Navigation, Canal, more commodious and convenient to the Public, and and Collateral Cut, with Wharfs, Towing Paths, will be a very great Accommodation to the Neigh- Basons, Feeders, and other Works and Conveniencies, bourhood, and improve the Value of the Estates there; as shall be found necessary for the Benefit of the Navi-but the same cannot be done without the Aid and gation, by such Ways and Means, and under such Authority of Parliament, inasmuch as there are several Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall Buildings in Petticoat Lane, and also in, or near, Har- seem most meet.

row Alley, and between the intended new Street and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the White Street, which are necessary to be purchased, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do pulled down, to make the Communication aforesaid, . examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and such Authority is also necessary for changing the shall appear to them, to the House: said inconvenient Public Way and Passage through And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Rolle, &c.:

Gravel Lane to the said intended new Street; and that And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Part of the Ground contracted to be purchased by the the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power Petitioners as aforesaid, lies in, or near, a certain to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Place, called Stonecutter Yard, otherwise Five Ink Horn

Court, and belongs to Frances Bradcwell Sibley (Wife A Petition of William Wright, Esquire, and of the North Kelsey of Joseph Sibley, Esquire) who is entitled thereto for several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto Inclosure her Life, with Remainder to her Children; and, be- subscribed, Owners of, or interested in, Estates within p*titKm-sides the said Ground, the Petitioners have also agreed the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Unto purchase certain Messuages, or Tenements, and coin, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Premisses, in Boar's Head Yard, in Petticoat Lane afore- forth, That there are, within the said Lordship, certain said, belonging to the said Frances Bradcwell Sibley, Common Fields, Common Pastures, Carrs, Moors, and held under the same Title, which said Sale of the and Waste Grounds, which may be greatly improved Vol. 51. 5 C by

M orton, Wal-kerith, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Petition.

Sapperton

Inclosure

Petition.

574 11* Februarii.

by being divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Carrs, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right Honourable George Augusta Earl of Scarbrough, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Freeholders, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Morion, Walkerith, East Bliton,

Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships and Parishes, a certain Open and Uninclosed Common Pasture, called Morion Carr, containing in the Whole

4,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Wastes and Grounds, containing together 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be occupied to such Advantage as they 'might be if the same were effectually inclosed, divided, allotted, drained, and embanked, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Properties, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, and Satisfaction made for the Tythes thereof, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be likewise of

freat Public Utility: And therefore praying, That ,eave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, and also for making a Compensation for the several Tythes arising within the said Townships, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, having Right of Common upon the Moors, Commons, Wastes, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Liberties of Sapperton and Mackky, or one of them, in the Parish of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township of Sapperton, a certain Moor, called Lea Moor, and several other Commonable Places and Pieces of Waste Ground, and also, within the said Townships or Liberties of Sapperton and Mackley, or one of them, a certain Common, called Hare Hill, and several other Commonable Places and Pieces of Waste Ground, whereon the Petitioners, and others, have Right of Common, but the said Moor, Common, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, being liable to great Encroachments, and, in other Respects, inconveniently circumstanced, the same -are of little Value to the Persons entitled thereto, "or interested therein; and that the said Moor, Common, Wastes,

Commonable Places, and Pieces of Waste Ground, are capable of very great Improvement, and, if the same were divided and allotted among the several Persons entitled thereto and interested therein, and the several Allotments inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Moor, Common, Wastes, Commonable Places, and Pieces of Waste Ground, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Proprietors, and Inhabitants, within the Towns of Pontefract and in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act lately passed, for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a certain Portion or Allotment of the said Park was set apart, and severed from the Residue thereof, for the Use of the Inhabitants of Pontefract and Tanshelf, in the Manner and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions, mentioned in the said Act, but several Amendments are found wanting, to render the same more useful to the Inhabitants of the said Towns: That there are Means of supplying the Inhabitants of the said Towns more plentifully and conveniently with Water, and the said Towns would be greatly improved, if proper Powers were obtained, not only for procuring such Supply, but also for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the same, and for removing Annoyances therein, the Execution of which said Powers might be greatly facilitated by obtaining the proposed Amendments in the above-mentioned Act of Parliament; and that the greatest Part of the late Fields and Open Grounds, within the said Townships vf Pontefract and Tanshelf, and the Manor of Tanshelf, have been inclosed, but some small Parts thereof yet remain open, which is, in a great Measure, owing to Property held in Mortmain, and by Persons under various Incapacities to alienate, lying intermixed therewith; and that the unalienable Property in the said Towns of Pontefract and Tanshelf and the said Manor of Tanshelf, is otherwise productive of great Inconvenience, and it would be of great Utility if proper Powers of exchanging, and of flatting, or lying together, were obtained; and that Regulations, respecting the Poor and divers Hospitals in the said Towns, and respecting a Charity School in the said Town of Pontefract, and the Property belonging to those Institutions respectively, would be of great Benefit to the said Inhabitants and Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberfm'ce, Mr. Henry Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Wood, Esquire, an Owner and Proprietor of Lands, and other Hereditaments, within the Townships of Kirbygrindalyth and Duggle-

by, in the Parish of Kirbygrindalyth, and within the Township or Hamlet of Mowthorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the

House,

Pontefract and Tanshelf Paving, &. Petition.

Petition to confirm the Inclosure of certain Lands in Kir* bygriudalyih and Duggle-by, &c.

Howden Canal Petition.

36 Geo. III.

11° Fehruqrji.

375

House, and read; Setting forth, That, >9 pursuance of an Agree rue nt, made m or about the Year 1755, between the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Township of Kirbygrindalylh, or the Town Fields, Precincts, and Territories thereof, apd at Mowthqrpe aforesaid, a Division pr Allotment was made, by certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively on or about the 18th and 19th Days of April in the same Year, of the Lands and Estates therein mentioned, and certain Compositions or Annual Payments were agreed on in lieu of Tythes arising out of the same Lands and Estates, and divers Rules and Regulations thereby made respecting the same Lands, Tythes, and Estates; and that, by Articles of Agreement, made in or about the Year 1765, between the several Persons whose Names are therein mentioned (being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Township of Duggleby, and in the Township or Hamlet aforsaid) and an Award made in pursuance thereof by Indenture, dated the 26th Day of December in the same Year, the Lands and Estates therein described of the said several Proprietors were divided and allotted, and certain Allotments awarded in respect of Rights of Common, and also Compositions or Annual Sums were agreed on, and awarded, respecting the Tythes arising out of the same Lands and Estates, and divers Orders, Rules, and Regulations, were thereby made respecting the same, and the Inclosures and Fences thereof, and also respecting the Division and Boundaries of the Townships of and

thoipeaforesaid; and that the several Allotments and Inclosures of the same Lands and Estates, and the Division and Boundaries of the said Townships, and the Agreements and Regulations respecting the Tythes, Compositions, and Rights of Common, were accordingly then accepted and approved, and, until lately, have been held, enjoyed, and observed, conformably to the said Agreements, Indentures, and Award, by the several Persons respectively interested therein, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, in lieu of their former Lands, Estates, and Rights, in the said several Townships, but Doubts having arisen how far certain Persons, Parties thereto, were competent to bind their Successors thereby, the Petitioner is desirous that the same may be confirmed and established: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Divisions, Allotments, and Inclosures, and the several other Matters and Things by the said Agreements, Indentures, and Award, appointed or awarded, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Duncombe do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Howden is about a Mile distant from the Navigable River Ouze, and the Road from

Howden to the said River is very miry and bad, and, at some Seasons of the Year, almost impassable; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and others, and also of Public Utility, if a Navigable Cut or Canal was made from the said Town of . po 7he said River 0\ize, at or near a Place called Howden Dyke: And,.therefore praying, Tligt Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose above-mentioned, under, such Regulations, as the JH(ouse>shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred fp /the Consideration of a Committee: And that ^they d°

VqL/Gl.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House .'

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberf Mr. Henry Duncombe, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are St. Ives thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Inclosure of Estates in the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County Pet, tion* of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and iXninclosed Lands, in which Open Fields and Meadows the Lands of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors, for the most Part, lie in small Parcels, and much dispersed and intermixed, and such Open Fields and Meadows as well as the Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, are, in their present State, not only inconvenient for Occupation, but incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said Open Fields, Meadow's, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, were inclosed and divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, such Inclosure and Division would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and to the other Proprietors and Persons interested, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wigley and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Petition of Henry Grace, Proprietor of an Estate Petition of in the Parish of Woodhurst, in the County of - Mr-.Grace

don, w'as presented to the House, and read; Taking s^mersham Notice of the Bill for dividing a certain Heath, called Heath, &c Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for Inclosure dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Heath as Bill, shall be allotted to the Parish of Woodhurst, and also the other Commonable Lands within the said Parish; and setting forth, That there are certain Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioner conceives will be very injurious to his Right and Interest: And therefore praying That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as are prejudicial to his Right and Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the sail Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Apothecaries, whose Apothecariei Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Petition. House, and read; Setting forth, That several Public Meetings have..beep hejd, and an extensive. Corre*

ppndence carried on, throughout Wolfs,

re^pepting^vils which ‘ifce.CpWRiynity.at JjSqg* #»-idfe jfrm the ptftper- Regjilfttiops tqje$??in

ignorant

Petition t6 license the Royalty Theatre.

Little Brick-hill Inclosure Bill, present*

376 11° Februarii. A. 1796.

ignorant and unskilful Persons from vending pharmaceutic Preparations, compounding Physicians Prescriptions, and giving Medical Advice, which is now practised to an alarming Degree in all Parts of the Kingdom, and in which they are greatly encouraged to persevere by the Want of Discernment of their Ignorance in the lower Class of People; and, the Petitioners conceive, that unless some Legislative Restrictions are speedily enforced, the Business of a regular and well educated Apothecary will be brought into Disrepute and Ruin, to the great Detriment not only of all those now engaged in that Profession, but of the Public in general, and, in particular, His Majesty's Army and Navy, as also the numerous Colonies and Factories dependant upon this Country for proper Surgical and Medical Assistance, must necessarily suffer

Seat Injury and Disappointment by entrusting the ure of the various Accidents and Diseases, incident to those distinct Classes of His Majesty's Subjects, to the uncertain and feeble Efforts of Unskilfulness and Ignorance, and the Application of adulterated, perished, and ineffectual Medicaments for the same: And therefore pra}ing the House to grant such Relief in the Premises, as they shall think necessary and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of David Steel, of Great James Street, Bedford Row, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Theatre in Well Street, in the Liberty of the 'lower of , was

built in the Years 1785 and 1786, by Mr. John Palmer, Comedian, at the Expence of j 8,000l., and upwards, and licensed by His Majesty's Justices, for Public Music, Dancing, and other Public Entertainments of the like Kind, and the Petitioner, in the Year 1789, purchased the same, and has since expended several Sums of Money in improving the said Theatre, the Whole amounting to 10,000 /., and upwards; and that the Petitioner afterwards opened the said Theatre for Public Entertainment, with such Amusements as were authorized by the said Licence, but, finding he thereby incurred considerable Losses, the Petitioner caused the same to be closed; and that the said John Palmer raised the Sum of 7,000 or thereabouts, by the Sale of Renters Shares, each Holder of which is entitled to free Admission to all Performances at the said Theatre, and also to a certain Annuity therefrom for Twenty-one Years, from the Year 1787, who are also considerable Sufferers; and that if the Petitioner was enabled to open the said Theatre for the Purposes of the Drama, during the Summer Season, his own Losses, and those of the Renters, would be in a great Degree compensated, and the Petitioner apprehends the Public will receive a Benefit by such rational Amusements: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license, as a Play House, during the Summer Season, the said Theatre, commonly called The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tomer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wood, Mr. Hobart, Slc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands,

1

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Butter Hannings, Esquire, Mayor of Lincoln Poor the City of Lincoln, Henry Swann, and Thomas Porter, Petition* and Tyrwhit Smith, Aldermen, John BtUlen, and John Spyve, Sheriffs, John Drury, Richard Pickslay, Thomas Hill, Richard Gibbeson, Junior, William Walker, and

Philip Bullen, Common Council of the said City, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants within the City of Lincoln and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies in the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the several Parishes, within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies in the said City of Lincoln, and the other Part in the Close of are very numerous and burthensome to their respective Parishes, and might be better and more comfortably maintained and supported, and at less Expence than they are at present, if a.convenient House or Houses were provided for their Reception, and proper Powers given for the Management and Regulation of them, and for employing such as are able to work: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the above Purposes into Effect, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Sir John Thorold,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Emberton thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and Inclosure Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Petition* and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owner* and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gordon's for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, Spinster, Nat*

was read a Second Time. committe

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

Taunton and Bridgewater, &c. Canal Petition.

36 Geo. III. 11° Februarii.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- taken, it appears that it is practicable to make such chants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are Canal, Cuts, Rail or Carriage Ways, and Stone Roads, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and or to cleanse and make navigable, or otherwise improve others, was presented to the House, and read; Set- the said River, and that the same may easily be effected: ting forth, That it will be of great Advantage to the And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Petitioners, if a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navi-Barges, and other Vessels, with proper Towing Paths, gable Canal, Cuts, Rail or Carriage Ways and Stone was made from the River Avon, at or near a Place called Roads, or the cleansing and making navigable, or other-Morgun's Pill, in the Parish of Easton in Gordano, wise improving the said River, together with proper

otherwise Saint Georges, in the County of Somet'set, to Towing Paths, and such other Works and Conveni-

or near the River Tone, at or near the Township of ences as shall be found necessary for the Benefit of the Taunton, in the said County, in, to, or through, the said Navigation, by such Ways and Means, and subject several Parishes and Townships of Easton in Gordano to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House i

otherwise Saint George's, Portbury, Clapton, Walton in shall think proper.

Gordano, Clevedon, Kenn, Yatton, Congresbury, Churchill, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Winscombe, Banivell, Ckriston, Loxton, East Brent, South Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Brent, Burnham, Huntspill, Puriton, Pawlet, Chilton mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall

Trinity, Wembdon, Bridgewater, Chedzey, Woollavington, appear to them, to the House:

Weston Zoyland, Middlezoy, Othery, Gregory Stoke other- And it is referred to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr.

wise Stoke Saint Gregory, North Curry, Creech, other- &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at wise Creech Saint Michael, Ruishton, West Monckton, Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen, and Taunton Sai?it James, Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, in the said County of Somerset, and a Navigable Cut, j

with proper Towing Paths, to branch out from such Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Petition to ! Canal, in the said Parish of Clevedon, to or near certain whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the vary the Line Collieries and other Works in, or near, the Parish of Nail- Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation w'as referred; That of s°?ier'

sea, in, to, or through, the several Parishes of Clevedon, the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- CamalNavi-

T ic ken ham, and Nailsea, in the same County, and also, ing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, gation, &c. j

another Navigable Cut, with proper Towing Paths, to had been complied with; and that the Committee had reported,

branch out from such Canal, in the said Parish of Burn- examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di- >

ham, to the River Axe, at, or near, a Place called Ber- rected him to report the same, as it appeared to them, row Pill, otherwise Brean Pill, in, to, or through, the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; '

several Parishes of Burnham, South Brent, Berrow, and and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tablei

Brean, in the said County, and also another Navigable Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Cut, with proper Towing Paths, to branch out from To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an such Canal, at, or near, the Turnpike Gate within the Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present aforesaid Parish of Bridgewater, to the River Parrel, Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable at, or near, the Township of Bridgewater in the same Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads from County, and also another Navigable Cut, with proper several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to coramu-

Towing Paths, to branch from out such Canal in the nicate with the intended and Avon Canal, in

aforesaid Parishes of Othery and Gregory Stoke, other- the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, was wise Stoke Saint Gregory, or one of them, to Langport read: — And,

Great Bow Bridge, in, to, or through, the several Pa- Mr. Richard Bowsher being examined, said, That he

rishes of Othery and Gregory Stoke otherwise Stoke Saint has surveyed the Line of the intended Deviation of the Gregory, or one of them, A ller, Drayton, Curry Rivell, Canal, and that it will be more convenient and useful Huish Episcopi, and Langport, otherwise the Borough to the Public, if, instead of the Line directed to be pur-of Langport East over, in the said County, or the cleans- sued by the said Act, the Petitioners were empowered ing and making navigable, or otherwise improving, the to vary the same on the Radstock Line of the said Canal,

said River Par ret, with proper Towing Paths from from the Western Extremity of certain Premisses des-

such intended Canal, in the said Parishes of Othery and cribed in the Petition, and on the Dunkerton Line of Gregory Stoke otherwise Stoke Saint Gregory, or one of the said Canal, from or near the Westernmost Extre-them, to, or near, Langport Great Bow Bridge, afore- mity of certain other Premisses also described in the said, in, to, or through, the said several Parishes of Petition; and also to vary and alter the Line of the Othery and Gregory Stoke otherwise Stoke Saint Gregory, said Canal from the Junction of the said Two Lines to or one of them Aller, Drayton, Curry Rivell, Huish Epis- the proposed Junction with the Kemiet and Avon Ca-copi, and Langport, otherwise the Borough of Langport nal. — That such Variation will prevent the Necessity of East over, with proper Rail or Carriage Ways and Stone a Tunnel, pass through Lands of inferior Value, and Roads to the said intended Canal, and Collateral Cuts be executed at a much less Expence, and may easily be respectively, will open an easy Communication between effected.

several valuable Mines of Coal and the City of Bristol, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and the several Towns of Bridgewater, Langport, and vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be Taunton, and the Country with which the said intended made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of Canal and Collateral Cuts and River will communicate, the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled, " An and will greatly facilitate, and render more convenient " Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, and less expensive than at present, the Conveyance of -il with certain Railways and Stone Roads from the Coals, Culm, Stone, Iron, Timber, Limestone, Lead, several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to Corn, Hay, Groceries, Wool, Leather, Manure, and " communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon all other Kinds of Merchandize, and heavy Commodi- " Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of ties, to and from the City of Bristol to the said several " Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act: And Towns of Bridgewater, Langport, and Taunton, and that Mr; Gore-Langton and Mr. Charles do

the Country through which the said intended Canal, prepare, and bring in, the same.

Collateral Cuts, and River, respectively, will pass, or ..

communicate, and will tend greatly to improve the Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to whom Thames and Lands and Estates near the said Canal, Cuts, and Ri- the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the ®^nC^sna ver, and the said Undertaking will, in other Respects, Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain Bill, reportec he of great Public Utility; and that, by Surveys lately Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest Vol. 51. ' ' 5D and

378 11° Februarii. A. 1796.

And other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House support the said Navigation, was committed; That the shall seem meet.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Commit- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Mr. John and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the same, to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition for Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re- Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was presented to port was read. the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, Newbury &

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Bath Canal, the 19th Day of December last, was made from the present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to Committee to whom the Petition of the Company of make a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to was referred, might be again read. the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and the

And the same being read accordingly; Petitioners have made some Progress in that Work;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the but, it appears, by Surveys lately made, that the varying said Bill were severally read a Second Time, and, upon and extending the said Canal from and out of the the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Course in which the Petitioners are, by the said Act, the House. empowered to make and carry the same, in a Close of

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be Land, situate in the Parish of Bath Hampton, in the ingrossed. County of Somerset, belonging to Mr. Robert Fisher, in

the Occupation of Thomas Jones, into the River Avon,

;ebenack's Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according at Bristol Quay, in the City of Bristol, and making a >ntedl11, ^re* *° Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Fredei'ick Rebe- Navigable Cut or Branch from and out of the same, at !n e ‘ nack: And the same was received; and read the First a certain Garden belonging to the Reverend Martin Time. Stafford Smith, in the Parish of Lyncombe and Widcombe,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. in the said County, into the River Avon, at or near the

City of Bath, with a Bason adjoining the same, instead outh Cemey A Petition of John Jones, Esquire, and John Robert of carrying the said Canal into the said River, in the nclosure Pe- Lucas, Esquire, Lords of Two several Manors within Line directed to be pursued by the said Act, will greatly

Uon- the Parish of South Cemey, in the County of Gloucester, facilitate the Passage of Goods and Commodities be-and Proprietors of considerable Part of the Lands and tween the said Canal and the said Cities of Bath and Hereditaments within the said Parish, and also, of the Bristol, and from one of the said Cities to the other of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- them, and will be of great Public Utility: And there-scribed, also being Owners of Lands and Heredita- fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a ments within the said Parish, was presented to the Bill to make such Variation and Extension, and such House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within Navigable Cut or Branch as aforesaid, the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Cojnmonable and Waste Lands, which, in their pre- amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it sent State, are capable of very little Improvement; shall appear to them, to the House: and that the said Lands and Grounds may be very And it is referred to Mr. Charles Mr. Gore

greatly improved, and rendered much more advanta- Langton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom-geous to the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and and allotted to the several Proprietors and Persons Records, interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Longcot Inin such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and closure Petl* House shall seem meet. others, Owners of the Estates within the Hamlet or lon'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Tything of Longcot, in the Parish of in

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hicks Beach do prepare, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said bring in, the same. Hamlet, several Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Severs tone A Petition of Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire, Lord of Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable

Enclosure Pe- the Manor of Beverstone, in the County of Gloucester, of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same ition. and principal Proprietor of the Estates, Lands, and were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, ac-Hereditaments, within the Manor and Parish of Bever- cording to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, stone aforesaid, on Behalf of himself, and also of the it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners several other Persons, Proprietors of Lands and Here- and all other Persons interested: And therefore praying, ditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was pre- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain think proper.

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that and bring in, the same, the said Lands and Grounds may be very much improved, and rendered much more advantageous to the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pawnbroker'* several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on BehalfPetition-therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and allot- of themselves and others exercising that Business, ted to the several Proprietors and Persons interested: within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the

Twenty-

36 Geo. III. 11° Februarii 379

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers for a Term therein limited, which Act was continued by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His said Majesty's Reign; and that an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, whereby the said first-mentioned Act was, in Part, repealed, and, subject to such Repeal, was further continued for a Term which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament; and that such of the several Regulations, established by the said first-mentioned Act, as were continued in Force by the said last mentioned Act, have been found beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive that it would conduce to the Public Good if so much of the said first-mentioned Act as now remains in force was continued for a further limited Time: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for a Continuance of such Part of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for such further limited Time as may be judged expedient, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Stepney Po- A Petition of Jonathan Eade, of Stoke Newington, in

lice Petition, the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Stepney, in the said County, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor is very extensive and populous, and such of the Streets, Lanes, Public Ways, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Manor, as are not included under any particular Act of Parliament for paving and regulating, are not paved, or very ill paved, and repaired, and are greatly obstructed, and rendered incommodious, by various Nuisances and Annoyances, and divers Offences are frequently committed therein; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Inconveniences are, in a great Measure, owing to the Want of sufficient Powers being lodged in the Court Leet of and belonging to the said Manor, and in the Steward of the said Court, to compel proper Persons to take on them the Office of Jurymen in the Court Leet, to present such defective or ruinous Pavement, and also such Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and such Offences as aforesaid, within the said Manor, and also to the Want of an easy and effectual Method of levying and recovering the Amerciaments set and imposed by such Jury; and that great Frauds and Abuses are committed within the said Manor by the Use of false Weights and Measures, which the present Powers of the said Court Leet are not competent to detect, prevent, or remedy, and it would greatly tend to the Safety, Advantage, and Accommodation, of all Persons residing within the said Manor, or such Parts thereof as aforesaid, and be of Public Utility, if sufficient Powers were given to the Lord of the said Manor to enforce the Attendance of proper Persons on the Leet Jury within the said Manor, and if sufficient Powers were also given to the said Court Leet to levy and recover the Fines or Amerciaments that might be set and imposed on all Persons neglecting to pave or repair the Pavement they are by Law required to make or repair, and on all Persons, within the said Manor or Parts thereof as aforesaid, committing, or causing, Nuisances, Annoyances, or Obstructions, or committing Offences within the same, and also, if the said Court Leet were enabled to enforce the Use of due and legal Weights and Measures, and to punish Persons using false Weights and Measures, svithin the said Manor: And therefore praying, That

Vox.. 51.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Coalheavers working on the River Coalheavers Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Petition, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an " Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon " the River Thames, and for enabling them to make " Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick,

" lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows " and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their " Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such " Labourers; and for their further Relief;" and that the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign was made for relieving Labourers employed in unloading Ships laden with Coals, usually called Coalheavers, from the Impositions and Frauds practised upon them by Persons called Coal Undertakers, employed to procure Coalheavers to unload such Ships in the River ITiames; but, it being declared, in and by the last mentioned Act, that the same was to continue in force for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament only, the said Act has long since expired, and the Petitioners are deprived of the Benefit arising from the Regulations therein contained; and that the Petitioners have for several Years past laboured under the greatest Hardships, through the Impositions of some of the Coal Undertakers, who oblige the Petitioners to give them Part of what they earn, in order to obtain Employment from them, by which Means the Coalheavers and their Families are frequently reduced to great Distress, and Disturbances and Inconveniences are occasioned; and that the Coal Trade would be much better carried on, if the Coal Undertakers were under proper Controul, and the Wages or Earnings of the Petitioners secured to them by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the aforesaid Coal Undertakers, for ascertaining and settling the Price of Labour to be paid to the Petitioners, and others, working as Coalheavers on the River Thames, and for protecting them from Frauds and Abuses in the Payment of their Wages, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners Whitfield In-of Lands within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts closure Peti-of Whitfield, in the County of Northampton, whose tion-Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, certain Open Fields,

Tuddington

Inclosure

Petition.

Marshland Drainage and Inclosure, Sec, Petition.

380 11° Februarii. A. 1796.,

Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Pouys do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons interested, being Owners and Proprietors in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tuddington and Hamlet of Charlton, in and within the said Parish, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as shall appear to be necessary and proper for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Saint John and Mr. Osbo do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages or Houses, or Tofts, having Rights of Common upon and over certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands called Alarshland Smeelh and Marshland Jen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Country of Marshland, certain large Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Jen, containing together, by Estimation,

8,000 Acres, or thereabouts, lying near, or contiguous to, the several Parishes or Townships of soken, West Walton, Walpole Saint Peters, and Walpole Saint Andrews, TerringtonSaint Clements, and rington Saint Johns, TilneyAll Saints, Saint

Lawrence, and Tilney cum Islington, and Clenchwarton, in the said County, or some of them, and bounded as follows (that is to saj) by Magdalen Fen and Broad Fen, on or towards the East, by the Bank called The Old Podike and Well Moor J'en, on or towards the South, by Hungate Dyke, in the Parish of Emneth, and the Bank called The Smcath Bank, next the inclosed Lands of Emneth, Walsoken, West Walton, Walpole, Terrington Saint Johns, and Tilney' Lawrence, on or towards the West, and North; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of certain ancient Commonable Messuages or Houses, or of Tofts (being the Scites of ancient Commonable Messuages or Houses) in the said several Parishes and Towmships, and they and the several other Owners of ancient Common-

able Messuages or Houses, or of Tofts, within the said several Parishes and Townships, are respectively entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Tracts of Common and Waste Lands; and that the said Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, for Want of a proper and effectual Drainage, are of little Benefit to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons having Rights of Common upon and over the same, and it will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons who have Rights of Common upon the said Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, as well as to the Public, if the same were drained, inclosed, divided, and allotted, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according and in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, and if the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen were regulated and stinted until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Tracts of Common and W'aste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Jen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, to and amongst the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according and in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests in the same, and for regulating and stinting the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of the Allotments of the Lands set out by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy AIM Moor, within tire Manor of Tinmoulh, otherwise Tinmouthshire. otherwise 7Inmouth with Tinmouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby appointed, divided and allotted the said Tract of Waste Land, and have set out several Roads through or over the same, but they were not by the said Act authorized to ascertain or determine what Parts of the said Roads were to be amended and kept in Repair by the respective Townships wherein the said Moor or Waste Land was situate, or to which Allotments of the said W'aste Lands were set out, and Doubts and Disputes have arisen touching the same, and the said Act is in other Respects defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining and settling in what Manner, and by whom, the different Parts and Proportions of the said Roads are to be amended and kept in Repair in future, and for otherwise amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Beaumont and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being licensed Victuallers or Retailers of Malt and other Liquors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Reason

Petition for amending

Tynemouth

Inclosure

Act,

Petition from Victuallers respecting stealing Pewter Pote.

36 Geo. III. 11° Februam. 381

son of the Practice among Persons retailing Malt and other Liquors within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, of carrying the same out in Pewter Pots, and leaving such Pots with their Customers, and of the Ease and Temptation thereby given to dishonest and indigent Persons to dispose of the Pots so let to Receivers of Stolen Goods, the Petitioners sustain Yearly such very heavy Losses that it is become an alarming and increasing Grievance, which Losses the Petitioners conceive can in no Way be effectually prevented but by the Interposition of Legislative Regulations, restraining all Persons, selling Malt Liquors by Retail, within prescribed Limits, from leaving Pewter Pots at any private House or Place to which such Liquor shall be ordered to be brought; and such Regulations would also tend to remove the Temptation which the dishonest, iudigent, and immoral, now have to commit those Crimes, the Prosesution and Punishment of which is so frequent, troublesome, and expensive, to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, the Lord Hood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber^ and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Croydon and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Godstone, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of

r^'iL-0^ Lands, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of

Croydon, Beddington, Couisdon, Merstham,

Gat ton, Reygate, Nu Bletchingly and Godstone,

in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highways leading from a Place called Parley Comer, on the Turnpike Road from London to Lewes, in the Parish of Croydon, to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Reygate, and also, k from a Place near a Public House called The Black

Horse, on the Turnpike Road from London to Reygate, in the Parish of Gatton, to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Lewes, in the Town of Godstone, and from the said Turnpike Road in the said Town of Godstone to the said Turnpike Road in the said Town of Reygate, are in a ruinous and incommodious State, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and altered, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it will be of Public Convenience if certain Foot Paths and Roads, at present communicating with the said Highways, were altered, or discontinued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair, amend, l widen, divert, and alter, the said Highways, and also

to divert, alter, and discontinue, such Foot Paths or , Roads communicating the rewith, as may render the

I same more commodious to the Public.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the j Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

f examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as

; it shall appear to them, to the House:

j And it is referred to Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

8 to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Poole and A Petition of several Land Owners, Merchants,

1 Br?^or<!Ca* Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Dorset, g Petition. Somerset, and Wilts, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from the *\v Tideway, or Navigable Channel, of the Harbour of

1)1 Poole, in the County of to join and communicate

Vol.51.

with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and that certain Navigable Branches may be made, one from such intended Canal at or near Ham Turnpike Gate, in the Parish of Hamworthy, in the County of Dorset, into, through, or near, a Dock Yard, in the said Parish of Hamworthy, in the Occupation of Richard Penny, another from the said Canal at or near Pinnels Lake, in the Parish of Lytchet Minster, in the County of Dorset, to or near the Town of Wareham, in the same County, and another from the said Canal at or near a Field in the Occupation of Samuel Humphreys, in the Parish of Promt Sel in the County of Somerset, to that Part of Nettlebridge which is'situate in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, in the same County; and that the making and maintaining the said Canal and Branches, together with proper Railways or Stone Roads from the same, will open an easy and convenient Communication between the English and Bristol Channels at the Ports of Poole and Bristol, and with many considerable manufacturing Towns and Places in the said Counties, and also with the extensive Collieries near Mendip, and will render the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, Lime, Timber, and other Things, more expeditious, and less expensive, than at present, and will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Jolliffe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition from the Hundred of Home, in the County of Suffolk, was Ho.we for presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Jh^wndows the Petitioners are Occupiers of Farms in the said of Dairy Hundred, in which the Manufacture of Cheese and Rooms from Butter is carried on to a great Extent, and certain DutX-Rooms with large Windows, not made with Glass, but with Splines, are absolutely necessary in the Manufacture aforesaid; and that the Petitioners, in general, living in Houses only tenanted by them, and that only for a certain Period, have it not either in their Power or Ability to make those Buildings (agreeable to the Determination of the Judges) detached from such Dwelling Houses, which are, in many Instances, old and inconvenient Buildings; and that the Petitioners, having hired those Houses with their Farms, in many Cases at high Rents, possessed of an Exemption from the Window Duties for Rooms so employed, and being at this Time greatly oppressed by the alarming Increase of the Poor Rates, and other Parish Charges, find themselves greatly distressed by this additional and unlooked for Burthen: And therefore entreating the House, That those Rooms, used only for the Purposes of the Manufacture of Cheese and Butter aforesaid, may be exempted from the Duties on Windows, as has ever been the Case in the said Hundred, until the late Decision of the Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

5 E Table:

ID

For paying off Exchequer Bills.

Vote of Credit.

Provision for Militia.

Report Ways and Means.

Exchequer Bills.

\ccount of Vessels ar-

ived in the >Vest Indies rom Africa, rdered.

382 11° Februarii. 1796.

Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise " the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand " Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to' enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1796, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1796.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1797, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on. or before the 5th Day of April 1797, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the $ame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resplutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

West India Islands from the Coast of Africa, during the last Four Years, with the Number of Slaves imported therein; distinguishing the Importation into each Island.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Slaves that have been ex- Slav®?.exported from the British West India Islands to Foreign [£e We^m Parts in the last Four Years; distinguishing the Island indie*, whence exported, and the Country, Colony, or Island, ordered, to which sent.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Act for regu-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ^inginthef " regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in slaves'^to°be British Vessels from the Coast of ," might be considered,

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent any Member of the House of Commons from being concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, for negotiating any Loan of Money, for any Foreign Prince or State, or being a Subscriber thereto;

The House divided.

Motion for Bill to prevent Members being concerned in Loans for Foreign States, Neg.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Morris Robinson, Mr. John Thomas Stanley:

Teller, for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

19.

70.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a Bounty to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on printed Paper and printed Stuffs.

Consideration of a Bounty on Potatoes, deferred.

Printed Paper and Stuffs Duty Bill, deferred.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Mr. Sabatier's whom the Petition of William Sabatier, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had examined the repo Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. Sabatier's vesting in William Sabatier, Gentleman, his Executors, Blll» ordered> Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method of retaining Cotton throughout the British Settlements in the East Indies: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, which have arrived in the British

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

36 Geo. III.

12° Februa

383

Veneris, 12* die Februarii; Anno 36* Georgii III. U Regis, 1796.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Grounds in the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of , was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great fVoolslone, in the County of "DE SOLVED, That this House will, -at the Rising Buckingham.

of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Morning next. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prayers.

Basing and Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom welTlnclo-" for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

sure Bai°* Open and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and reported/ other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,' to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 58 Acres of Land in the Parish of Basing, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of 65 Acres of Land in the Parish of Mapplederwell, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed in the Parish of Basing is 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and in the Parish of Mapplederwell 459 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they, bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Nether Wal- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom

ru|Incl°rt"^ the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the 1 ,repo Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether Wallop, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of too Acres of Land, who declared himself neuter, but refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 1,383 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to appose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Great Wool- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the sur^ Bill,0 Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Compassed. mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Vox. 51.

A Petition of the Magistrates of the County of Petition Chester, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of J/j1,1"81 t,ie the Peace, held for the said County at the Castle of Chester, on the 12th Day of January 1796, was pre- Wages of sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Labourers in Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made Hust)andry-in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and " Apprentices," as empowers Justices of the Peace, at or within Six Weeks after, every General Quarter Sessions held at Easier, to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry; and Setting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners that the Principle of the said Bill, and several of the Clauses therein contained, will tend to the Oppression of Labourers in Husbandry, and prevent their being employed by the Day in the Manner in the said Bill mentioned, and that several of the Provisions in the said Bill will be found extremely difficult, if not wholly impossible, to be carried into Effect by the Magistrates of the respective Counties, Cities, and Towns, within this Kingdom, by Reason of the Difficulty of obtaining correct Information as to the particular Circumstances of each Labourer within their respective Jurisdictions, and the Amount of the Earnings of such Labourers, and more especially in determining as to the Extent of the Abilities of old and infirm Persons to work as Labourers in Husbandry; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would, in many Instances, be the Means of wholly depriving such last mentioned Labourers of Employment, and bring additional Burthens upon the Parishes, Townships, and Places, to which they belong:

The Petitioners therefore submit to the Consideration. of the House, that Labourers in Husbandry would be placed in a worse Situation by the Operation of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, than they are in at present under the existing Laws, and the general Usage of Farmers and other Persons employing such Labourers, for which Reasons the Petitioners desire the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Kimberworth to Order a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure Bill, mon Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Presente Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kimberworth, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, Bill to vary to whom the Bill to vary and alter the Line of the the Line of Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in Bath^^ the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Canal, &c. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable reported.

" Canal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town of " Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon,

" at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through

Innkeepers Bill withdrawn; and another ordered.

Petition to amend the Warwick and Braunston Canal Act, reported.

384 12° Februarii. . 1796.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken, That the Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, was not properly prepared;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next, upon the said Bill, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order for committing the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William imrgh Evelyn do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation, was referred.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Bud-brooke, in the County of Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was read: And,

Mr. Charles Handley being examined, said, That the Company have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, mid made a considerable Part of their Canal, but now find, that if the same was to be completed in the Line prescribed by the said Act, between a Place or Road called The Fosse Road, in the Parish of Off church,

in the County of Warwick, and the Parish of Braunston aforesaid, it would be attended with much Inconvenience and Prejudice to the said Company, and would be incommodious for Navigation, as a Tunnel of more than 800 Yards in length must be made thereon. That the Company have lately caused Surveys to be made, whereby it appears that if the above-mentioned Part of the Line of their Canal was abandoned, and instead thereof it was carried from the said Place or Road, called The Fosse Road, in the Parish of Offchurch aforesaid, through the several Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places of Offchurch, Bascote, Long -ington, Stockton, Burdingbury, Lemington, Hastings, Broadwell, Grandborough, Caldecot, and Napton, in the County of Warwick, into the said Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Napton, in the County of Warwick, and certain Collateral Cuts or Branches made therefrom, it would be much more beneficial to the said Company, more commodious for Navigation, and be of greater Advantage to the Public.

And the Witness added, That some other Amendments and Alterations are requisite in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Sir George Augustas.

William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Innkeepers cording to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of BU1> Pre* Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Moniing next.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn re- Petition to ported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of amend the the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and -mingham Canal Navigation was referred; That the Canal Act,m Committee had examined, and found that the said reported. Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called the Saltis-ford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, into,- or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain Navigable Canal, in or near to the Town of Birmingham, called the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was read: And,

Mr. Charles Handley being examined said, That the Company have made a great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have raised among themselves the Sum of 80,000 /., which has been expended in carrying on the said Canal and Works; but the same cannot be completed and maintained, unless the Company are enabled to raise a still further Sum of Money for that Purpose.

And the Witness further said, That the said Act has been found in several Respects defective, and the Execution of some of the Powers and Provisions inconvenient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, die same.

Mr. Osborn presented to the House, according to PertenhaQ Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common J"j-lo8ure and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

30 <jE0. 111.

vz reoruam.

oooo

Blunham and Northill Inclosure Bill, committed.

Clitheroe and Salford Bridge Road Bill, pre? seated.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunham and in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the Market Cross in the Township of " Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of " burn, in the County Palatine of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Saba- Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Pre* to Order, a Bill for vesting in William , Gen-

*" ' tleinan, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method of retaining Cotton throughout the British Settlements in the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Order for Bill, for a Grant of Lands to Mr. Finch Hatton, discharged; and Petition referred to a Committee.

Aberdeen Canal Bill, presented.

Perth Roads Bill, committed.

Bill to vary the Line of the Somersetshire Coal Canal, See. presented.

Order for Bill, for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Exeter, discharged; and Petition referred to a Committee.

Mr. Ferguson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of , in the Parish of

Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury) in the Parish of Kin-tore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Allardyce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a " Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone " Roads, from the several Collieries in the County of " Somerset, to communicate with the intended Ken-

" net and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Henry Earl of Exeter, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powys, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Vol. 61.

Order for Bill, for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Westmorland, discharged; and Petition referred to a Committee.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of George Finch Hatton, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dq examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pcnvys, Mr. Dickins, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Earl of W°stmorland, which was presented to the House' upon Wednesday last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powys, Mr. Dickins, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Leeds and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in Harrogate the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign RoRd,.B*! of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the comm,t Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds through Harwood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Las-celles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com- London mail mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Debts, &c. Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the recovering of small Debts, and for relieving the Poor Debtors in London; and also an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act, were read: And,

Mr. John Holmes, one of the Clerks of the Court of Requests, being examined, said. That the said Acts have been found defective and insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that it is expe--dient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other

5 F Provisions

w V/ V

Provisions established for the more easy and speedy That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits

Recovery of small Debts within the said City. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 9m amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of " small Debts, and for the relieving of poor Debtors " in London," and an Act, made in the Fourteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by directed him to report, when the House will please to the said Two several Acts continued and established: receive the same.

And that Mr. Alderman and Mr. Alderman

Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee The House was moved, That the Order, made upon °n high Puce Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day'Sevennight, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

of Corn, deferred.

Committee on Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves,

reported.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Billfor a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or J?"mj>ar Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One ^JrDilk, thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six: And the same presented, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Billfor a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans raisings or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One j"rtherSum thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six: And the same w as received; and read the First Time. seated.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Commits

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for 011 Blillor

- - lndemnitvinz

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the shipping " and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast " of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move

the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . )nae

regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and

Bill ordered.

Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Ves-sels from the Coast of Africa: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry 3ut off for 3 Months.

Peace, at or within Six Weeks after, every General Quarter Sessions held at Easter, to regulate the Wages of Labourers in Husbandry;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

h

fci

lli

(ill for

epealing

)uties on

.egacies of

'ersonal

‘.states,

resented.

Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who &c. in the have permitted the Importation and Exportation of West India Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they The Order of the Day being read, for the Second had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so much of ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen when the House will please to receive the same.

Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday " for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, Morning next.

" and Apprentices," as empowers Justices of the

~ ~ The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Bill to coning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^"ueNe*‘ House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, juw"re made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Act,d«temi present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Courts of Judicature in the Island of " and the Islands adjacent."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply

_______________ _____________ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferreJ-

Ordered,^hatThe % aid~Bill be read 'a Second Time House, to consider further of the Supply granted to upon this Day Three Months. His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Bill for grant- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ingDime a BUI for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties

and

Shares of Personal Estates: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases. deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

36 Geo. III.

Rebenack

sworn.

Bamwood, &c. Inclosure Bill, presented.

Rebenack't Nat. Bill, committed.

Bill for amending the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Act, presented.

Petition to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, reported.

15° Februarii.

387

Luna, 15* die Februarii Anno 36* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

J O H N Frederick Rebenack took the Oaths appointed, in Order to his Naturalization.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of JVoiton, all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Buttons, and of the Merchants and Factors dealing in that Article, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Smith, a Button Maker of Birmingham, being examined, said, That the manufacturing and vending of Metal Buttons, particularly of plated and gilt Buttons, has for many Years been one of the principal and most increasing Branches of Trade in the said Town, in which many Thousands of Men, Women, and Children ace employed, and great Quantities of such Goods are sent to Foreign Markets: Then,

Mr. Humphrey Vale, another Button Maker of Birmingham, being also examined, said, That great Frauds and Deceits have lately been discovered to be practised in the marking of Metal Buttons, which were neither gilt nor plated, with the Words " gilt" or " plated," or other Words or Marks, intimating, contrary to Truth, that the same were gilt or plated, to the great Injury of the Purchasers; whereby the Honour and Credit of the Merchant, Factor, and Manufacturer hath been lessened in the Opinion of Foreigners, and the Use and Wear of gilt and plated Buttons greatly diminished both at Home and Abroad.

And the Witness further said, if such fraudulent Practices are suffered to continue, the said valuable Manufacture may ultimately be lost to this Country, the existing Laws being insufficient to check the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons: And that Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William

Voi.51.

Shuckburgh Evelyn, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Mr.

Whitmore, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Thames and prietors of the Thames and Secern Canal Navigation Severn Canal to raise a certain Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, 1 'p and to maintain and support the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. lemeden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Duncombe reported from the Committee, Skipton Road to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Petition, Names are thereunto subscribed, being Part of the reP°rted-Creditors, and also Part of the Trustees of the High Road therein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the stud Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to WHherby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read: And,

Mr. Peter Eamshaw being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but the said Road cannot be completely repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wethetby, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according Wakefield to Order, a Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and lighting, other Public Passages and Places within and near to ?atc^?Jp the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and for printed, more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Keene reported from the Committee, to whom Kedewen am the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Hopton, &c. Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of ll

Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of Montgomery, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined

e

io reorua

3SS

A. r/yb.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Acts were read: And,

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Mr. George Worthington being examined said, That the Committee (except the Owners of Land rated to the Roads comprized in the said Acts have been di-the Land Tax at 40/. 13$. 3 d.per Annum, whore- vided into Two Districts, one of which comprehends fused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of the Road leading from Bridge aforesaid, to

Land rated at 27/. 17$. 2 \d.per Annum, who did Manchester aforesaid, and the other the Road leading notchuse to sign, but had no Objection to the Inclo- from Crossford Bridge to Altrincham aforesaid: That sure; and also, except the Owners of Land rated at the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the

13/., 12& 6d. per An, who being ill, could not be spoke to; and also, except the Owners of Land rated at 61. 2 s.5 d.per Awho could not be met

with; and also, except the Owners of Land rated at 2/. 6 s. ^d. per Annum, who living at a great Distance were written to, but had returned no Answer; and also, except certain Property rated at 2 s. per Annum, the Owner whereof could not be ascertained; and that the Whole of the Lands having Right of Common are rated at the Annual Sum of 1,204/. ]9^* 5d- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

klghton In- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to losure Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons resented. and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of

Beighton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

it. Bride's An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees for executing ihurch and an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign

(inlawed Present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and im-

1 , passe . provjngf the parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise

Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

rossford Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom ridge and the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in oad'pet!- Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth >n, reported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crossford Bridge to Manchester, and for amending the Road from Crossford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Roads which leads from Crossford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it iq at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

said Acts, with respect to the District of Roads from Crossford Bridge to Altrincham aforesaid, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted for the same District, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District of Roads, be further continued: And the Witness added, That it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Roads, if the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said District of Roads, were repealed (except as to the Terms thereby granted and continued) and further and other Powers granted instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Robert Salusbury presented to the House, accord- BUI to amend ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Glamor-Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintain- ^ct> ing a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and presented, through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, was presented Additional to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- Petition to titioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Roads. Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall " Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of " Bedford, to the Town of Amp and from the " said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park in the " County of Bedford, and also the Road branching " out of the same in Kempston Field to the Turnpike " Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of " Bedford," and for altering the Course of Part of the said Road, so as to lead from the South End of mont Town, through the Parish of Husbom Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, instead of leading, as it does at present, from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid to the Entrance into Woburn Park, belonging to the Petitioner, at a Place called The Red Lodges, and from whence a Highway passes through the said Park to join the Highway leading from Eversholt to the Town of Woburn aforesaid; and that the Petitioner hath agreed to give up certain Parcels of ancient inclosed Land situate in the Parishes of Wjburn, Husbom Crawley, and Ridgemont, necessary for widening, straitening, and rendering commodious, the said intended new Road, the same being of greater Value than such Part of the ancient Turnpike Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the said Red Lodges, which is intended, upon the passing of such Act, to be discontinued; and, the Petitioner hath also agreed to subscribe the Sum of 712/. 10$. to be lent on the Credit of the said Turnpike Road, for the Purpose of making the said Alteration between Ridgemont and Woburn, but is willing, instead of lending the said Sum of 712/. 10$. to defray th©

Expence

«/ v/ w

JL l/l/f % % A>9 *»

Expence of making the said Alteration, if Provision is made in the said Bill for shutting up and discontinuing the said Road from the South End of the Town of Ridgemont to the said Red and for vesting the same in the Petitioner, and also for shutting up and discontinuing so much of the said Highway in Woburn Park as leads from the said Entrance at the Red Lodges to where it joins the Public Highway leading from Woburn to Eversholt aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the " South West End of the Town of Bedford to the " Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of " Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford,

"and also the Road branching out of the same in " Kempston Field to the Turnpike Road leading from

" Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford," and also of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Bedford, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Petition from A Petition of William Pagett, Clerk, Lord of the Mr. Pagett, > Manor of Pertenhall with Covington Fee, and other the

n J - f. li n n C/ 1

Per- Pr0Pr*et°rs of Lands, and Persons interested therein, tenhall Inclo- belonging to the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County sure Bill. of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from the Proprietors of certain Lands belonging to the said Parish, stating, that the said Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested if they were divided and inclosed, and praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes; and representing to the House, that there is not, strictly speaking, Five Acres of Common Land in the Parish, exclusive of Head-ways and Field Roads, which become Annually so at Open-Tide, after the Production of a Crop of Hay, or being usefully depastured by Persons having Right thereto, and that there is not more Waste Land than will suffice for forming the Statuteable Roads, and consequently none applicable to the Exoneration of the other Open and already inclosed Land from Tythe, and defraying the necessary Expences of obtaining and carrying such an Act into Execution; and, that the Measure had been negatived by a Majority of Proprietors voting against it, at a Meeting held by Public Advertisement on the 19th of October last, in express Terms to determine on the Propriety of an Application to Parliament: For these and other Reasons, particularly that they apprehend the Standing Orders of the House respecting the Conduct of Persons wishing to obtain Acts of Inclosure have not been complied with, the Petitioners hope that the Bill applied for as aforesaid may not be passed into a Law till they have been heard, by themselves, or Counsel, to state such further Reasons in Opposition thereto as they have to offer.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Vol. HI. '

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir George Augustus William Shuelcburgh Evelyn Coventry, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ^jr^rk'n,g enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed Gutter Hoad in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Bill, reported. Majesty King George the First, and in the Sixteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn pre- Bill for

sented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for au- amending the thorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of £anai Act a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and presented. ' altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Dunton closing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Another Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within 1 '

the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties, of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allotment to the Vicar, as a Compensation for the Tythes of old inclosed Lands.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Old Stratford Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made and Dun-in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of ed. ' ' Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Farhill, Secre- Account of tary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Commission-Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Uonof" the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc- National tions of an Act of Parliament, Debt, pre-

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending 31st January 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

5 G 10th

loth Year.

The Annual ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for a Year, ending 31st January 1796.

Dr. K - Old Ann* 3 per Cent. New Ann* 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 3 per Cent. 4 per Cent. Ann*. Consold 3 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Reduced. j

1/95- 10th Year — 35^ Quarter. Total Cash received. Capital. «3 a £ 1 Suras paid. t ! Capital. w u £ Suras paid. Capital. V u c Pk Suras paid. Gapital. I «J u 1 2! Sums paid. Capital. u £ Sums paid. Capital. 0 0 £ Sums paid. Capital in all the Stocks.

£. s. £. s, d. £. s. d. £. t. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. 5. d. !

Jan. 10. H- Quarterly Issue 99 and 96 Ann* -Divd on 6,726,524/. 55.6</. 250,000 — 13,72° 3 7 T j 100,897 17 3 ! i 1

Consd ... i 1

21. D° on 1,595,000l. N. S.S. D° on 478,000l. 3 per 23,925 7,170 ! |

Cent. 1751 \

10. £ Paym1 Loan 1793 15.625 / '

14. Div* on 94,63a 1. 14s. 3d. Cons'1 1,419 9 9

D° on 55,843/. 3 D°Loan 1794 837 12 10

10. £ Paym* Loan 1794, viz. On 11,000,000l. 3 per; Cent. - - 27,500l. j On 2,750,000 /. 4 per Cent.- - - 6,875/.) Value of 11^. 5 (L per j 134.375 —

Cent, on 11,000,000l. 1 for 66 Y* \ - 2,420/. 7.236 6 3 - j ! !

On 1,926,525/. 5 per I i

Cent. - 4,816/. 65. 3c/.

Pub. 3. By Stock bought - - - 2,600 G2i 1,625 — - - - 1 13,500 621 8,454 7 6 - - - 16,100

4- - Ditto - - - - I i 16,100 6211 10,122 17 6 - - - 16,100

5- - Ditto - - - 16,100 63 H 10,112 10 — - - - 16,100

06. - Ditto - - - - , - 16,000 63 10,080 - - - 16,000

cq' ^to. - Ditto - - - - 1 C,oooo 621 10,060 - - - 16,000

N ccti. q_ - Ditto - *- i - 16,000 621 j 9,980 - - ! 16,000

012. - Ditto - i - - - 16,200 62 i 10,052 15 — - - 16,200

- Ditto - - - 16,200 621 10,064 5 — - - - 16,200

*7- - Ditto - - - 16,200 61 f 10,023 15 — - - 16,200

S- - Ditto - - - 16,400 611 10,086 - - - 16,400

20. - Ditto - - - - - 16,600 61 i 10,167 10 — - - - 16,600

- Ditto - - - 16,400 62 i 10,229 10 — - - - 16,400

- Ditto - 5,800 63 3,654 - - - 10,600 62 i 6,625 - - - 16,400

t larch 3. By Stock bought ——

4- - Ditto - - " - -

5- - Ditto ——

6. Ditto - " ——

10. - Ditto - - - 5,000 62 i 3,135 — - —

11. - Ditto - " ——

12. - Ditto - — —

13. _ Ditto - " ——

17- - Ditto - 3,000 62 i 1,875 — - -

18. - Ditto ——

*9- Ditto ——

20. - Ditto " — — —

24. - Ditto - — — — ~ —

26. Ditto - —

27. - Ditto ——

31. - Ditto - - % — - " —

April 1. By Stock bought -

2. Ditto - - - 1,500 62

8. - Ditto - -

9- Ditto - 1,500 61 i 920 12 6 - -

10.. Ditto - —

*4- - Ditto - - ~ ——

15- - Ditto ——

16. - Ditto - " 7,000 - 4,357 10 — — -

*7- - Ditto - — —

21. - Ditto - " ——

22. Ditto - " —

§ {$ - Ditto - - ~ ——

- Ditto - — - - " —

gs. - Ditto - - - " —

- Ditto ——

r* 3°* Ditto - — -

U

- 0 0 £. 455.«o 6 9 8 5,800 - 3,654 19,100 - n,903 2 6 1,500 1

00

16,400 63 i 10,352 10 - 16,400

16,300 6-2 i 10,207 17 6 - - - 16,300

16,400 62 H 10,259 7 6 - - - 16,400

16,400 621 10,250 - - m 16,400

11,200 62 i 7,014 - - - 16,200

16,200 62*8 10,118 15 — - - - 16,200

16,200 62 i 10,084 10 - 16,200

16,200 62 H 10,126 10 — - - - 16,200

13,000 62 H 8,131 5 — - - - 16,000

16,000 62* 9.940 - - - 16,000

16,000 611 9,900 - - - i - 16,000

16,000 62 9,920 - - - 16,000

16,000 62 9,920 - - - 16,000

16,000 62* 9,940 - - - 16,000

16,000 62 9,920 - - - 16,000

16,000 62 9,920 - 16,000

16,300 62* 10,126 7 6 - - - ' 16,300

14,900 62 i 9,256 12 6 - - - 16,400

16,400 61* 10,127 - - - 16,400

15,000 61* 9,225 - - - 16,500

16,445 61H 10,147 4 8 - - - 16,445

16,400 62 10,209 - - 16,400

16,400 62 10,209 - - - 16,400

9,400 62* 5,863 5 - 16,400

16,200 63I *9 10,230 10 — - - - 16,200

16,200 64*64 10,383 5 — - - - 16,200

15,600 64* 10,120 10 6 - - - j 15,600

15,400 631 10,125 10 — - - - 15,400

15,300 65 m 9,989 17 6 - - - t i5>300

15,400 65 H 10,077 15 — - ! - - ! 15*400

15,500 66* 10,302 10' — - 1 ~ - 1 15*500

15,600 65 H 10,262 15 — 1 - j 15*600

698,945 - 438,719 7 2 - — . - 1725,345

3!

1C1(

1(fer

1(B8

8

S5

§o

§7

i<tSi

io6<

ic8j

u

2J

1C

1C°

1<

i^7o

,:25

'45

06

65

73

18

1(

1(

1(

n

03

1(

___95

4i'

45.

112

D'. Old Ann* 3 per Cent. New Ann 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 3 per Cent. 4 per Cent. Ann*. Con8old. 3 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Reduced. CT.

1795- io?h Year — 36th Quarter. Total Cash Received. Capital. 8 £ Soma paid. Capital. 1 Sums paid. Capital £ V £ Sums paid. Capital. £ £ Sums paid. Capital. £ u & Sums paid. Capital. £ V £ Sums paid. Capital in all the Stocks. Tota P

Apr. 11. Quarterly Issue \ Years Payment, Ann* £. 350,000 } 12,500 i. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. 4. d. £. s. d. £. t. d. £. s. d. £.

1777, for 10 Years -

Unclaimed Ann* for 3 Yr* 34,434

before 5 Jan. 1795 7 —

D° on Lives expired between 5 10,205 5 6

Jan. 17 #6 and 5 Jan. 1795 -

99 & 96 Ann- 13,729 3 7

H- Reduced Ann* Divd 57,739 2 10

Old South Sea D° 30,136 — -

11. \ Yr* Payment Loan 1793 15,625 —

H- Divd on Reduced Ann* - 706 1 —

11. $ Payment Loan 1794 on 11,000,000l. 3 p. Ct. 127,500l. On 12,750,000 /. 4 p. Ct. 6,875 * 36,795

On 1,926,595 L 13s. 5d. 5p.Ct.An* 4,816 6 3

14- Divd on Reduced Ann* - . 955 11 —

May 5. By Stock bought - - - i i " - " - - 15,000 65H 9>833 a 6 _ — ' 15,000 9,83;

6. - Ditto - - - - 15,100 651 9,890 10 — - - 15,100 9,891

D 7‘ - Ditto ... 15,100 651 9,909 7 6 - - . 15,100 9,9°!

8. r+ - Ditto - - - 15,155 65 i 9,983 7 2 - - 15,155 9,98;

12. . - Ditto - - - 15,100 661 9,984 17 6 - — 15,100 9,98-

: 13. - Ditto - - - - 15,100 65! 9,947 6 -- - 15,100 9.94!

.15- |V9- - Ditto ... 15,200 65H 9,93i 7 6 — - 15,200 9,93

- Ditto ... 15.100 65 i 9,928 5 — - - 15,100 9,92l

o*°- - Ditto - - - 15,300 64465 9,926 5 — - - 15,300 9,92<

31. - Ditto ... - - 3,30o' 64 4 2,140 17 6 - - - 12,000 64} 7,785 — — - 15,300 9,9*

Q33. Ditto ... 15,100 6544 9,943 5 — - - 15,100 9,941

*7- Ditto - - - - - 15,000 65 4 9,843 15 — - - 15,000 9,84;

va8. 15,100 65* 9,871 13 6 - - - 15,100 9,87

V>VUQ Oxl\o ' \ \ \ \

June 2. By Stock bought - -l . 8,200 1 66 i' 5.453 __ 100 66 i 66 10 -

3- - Ditto - .1 - - — —

5- - Ditto - -

9- - Ditto - — —

10* - Ditto - — —

12. - Ditto 3,000 66 J 2,006 5 — — -

16. - Ditto - —

*7- - Ditto 9,000 67*5 6,057 10 ——

18. - Ditto - —

19- - Ditto - *"

23 - Ditto - —

25- - Ditto - - - — "

26. - Ditto 8,200 67 J 5,514 10 ——

30. - Ditto - —

July 1. By Stock bought 12,050 68 8,269 6 3 - " "

2. - Ditto - — —

3- - Ditto 2,000 ^9 1,380 ——

7- - Ditto - - - 5,000 67 k 3,375 — - —

8. - Ditto - - - — ~ — *"

9- - Ditto - - - ~ - -

10. - Ditto - -

14. - Ditto - - - - ~ —

*5- - Ditto - - - . —

1C. - Ditto - - - 4,500 66 j 2,998 2 G - ~

*7- - Ditto ——

21. - Ditto ——

Si. - Ditto ——

R3* - Ditto - - - 3,500 67 i 2,353 15 — —

24- . Ditto _ - m ——

28. - Ditto _ - - - 90067 i 60G 7

29- . - —

- Ditto - - - 1,000 66 J 667 10 -

31. - Ditto - "

OQ £ 457.612 l 17 2 1 34.25°j - 23,2*7 i 1 11 3|24,5°0| 1 L. 16,32015 — 2,000 r 1,340 7

1

wmrn __ __ 7,200 GCi 4,'797 __ — - — 15,50° 10,3

- . - 15>5°o 66}- 10,326 17 6 - - - - 15,500 io,3i

- - - - - 15,300 66 } 67 10,246 — 15,300 10,3.

— - - - - 15,000 67 1 10,162 10 — 15,000 10, i(

— - - - - 15,000 67 i 10,087 10 — 15,000 10, oi

— - - - - 12,000 67 66} 8,040 — 15,000 10,04

- - - - - 14,600 67! 9,891 10 — 14,600 9>8L

- - - - - 5,600 67 J 3,773 — 14,600 9,82

- - - - - 14,700 67} 9,88515 — 14,700 9,88

- - - - - 14,500 67 3 9,769 7 6 14,500 9-7*1 I

- - - - - 14*500 67i 9-787 lO 14,500 9.78 J

- - - - - 14,600 67 I 9,855 — 14,600 9,85,

_ - - - - 6,500 67# f + ti 00 13 6 14,700 9,9C >1

- - - - - 14,600 68}} 9,973 17 6 14,600 9-97 I

— - - - 2,350 68} 1,615 13 6 14,400 9>88-(

- - - - 14,500 68} 9,950 12 6 14,500 9>95<

- - - - 12,300 ^9* 8,502 7 6 14,300 g,83i

- - 9,9°° 671 6,694 17 6 - - - 14,900 io,o6<

- - 15,000 67 i 10,l8l 5 — - - - 15,000 10,18]

- - 14,700 69 8f 1 i I 10,123 15 — - - - 14,700 10,12:

- - 14,700 10,105 17 6 - - - 14,700 io, ic«

- - 14,800 c,7i 10,027 - ' 14,800 10,02;

- - 15,000 661 9,975 — - - - 15,000 9*975

- - 10,400 661 6,942 — - - - 14,900 9*940

- - 14,800 67 a 10,025 7 6 - - - 14,800 10,025

- - 14,800 G7i 10,045 10 — - - - 14,800 10,045

- - 15,000 67i 10,106 5 — - - - 15,000 10,106

- - 11,000 r>7i 7,411 5 — - - - 14,500 9,765

- - 14,600 67i 9,873 5 — - - - 14,600 9,873

6 - - 13,500 67 11 9,112 10 — - - - 14,400 9,7»8

- - 14,550 67* 9,803 1 3 - - - H,550 9-803,

— - - 13,350 66} i 8,927 13 6 - - - - 14,350 9-595:

- - 14,250 67 66} 9,541 12 6 - - - - 14,250 9,54,|

1 6 - - - - 436,405 290,797 18 5 186,050 125,926 5"l j 683,205 457,6» a |

Dr. Old Ann* 3 per Cent. New Ann" 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 3 per Cent. 4 per Cent. Ann*. < Consol* 3 per Cent. 3 per Centj

,795- iolil Year — 37th Quarter. Total Cash Received. Capital. C u "u Pi gums paid. Capital. oi 0 £ Sums paid. Capital. u u £ Suu.s paid. Capital. .§ u Pi Sums paid. Capital. O u £ Sums paid. Capital. . 0 y £

LUgUflt. Quarterly Issue £. S. (1. 250,000 £. 5. d. £. i. d. £. s. d. £. d. £. t. d. I i 1

99 and 96 Ann* - 13,720 3 7 1

12. Divd on 1,640,000 N. S.S. 24,600 — — 1

D°on 481,000. 3 p. Ct. An* 1751 7,215

D° on 7,839,724. 18. 10, Consd "7.595 17 5 1

D°on 121,792.2.3. Loan 1793 Consd An* 3 p. Ct. 1,826 17 7

iep. 2. 3 Mo* Appr" of 1 p. Ct p. Ann. on 6/250,000 3 p. Ct. An* - |,5,625 ' i

22. D°oni 1,000,000 L" 1794D'* 27,500

D° on 2,750,000 4 p. Ct. A" 6,875

29- D* on 111.5d. p.Ct.on 11,000,000 2,420

Dnon 1,926,525.12.5.5 p. Ct. A* 4,816 6 3

Dd on 123,482. 18. 11. Cd 3 p. Ct. 1,852 4 10

3 Mo* Appr" of 1 p. Ct. p. An* on 18,000,000 Loan, 1795 3 p. Ct. Ann* - j>45,oooo

D6 on 6,000,000 4 p. Ct, An* - 15,000

O D° 9s. 6d. p. Ct.on £ 18,000,000. 3,208 15 —

ug. 4- 5- 6. 7* 11. 13. H. 18. 1 n By Stock bought - - Ditto - - .: - Ditto - - Ditto - - - 1 Ditto - - Ditto - - Ditto - Ditto - - Ditto ... - Ditto - - Ditto ... - Ditto 1 1 - - ' i 1,400 1,500 2,400 >9 1 fy 8 68 973 1,048 2 6 1,644 1,500 o\>£ vr 8 1,048 2 6 - - 15.000 16.500 , 16.500 j 16.500 16.400 13.400 16.400 14.000 Od!H (>9 \ i CSi9 69 i Guii 70 69 j 68 10,439 12 6 11,436 17 6 ",357 10 — 11,446 17 6 11,455 15 — 94380 11,418 IO 9,59 - —

*9* 20. 21. 25- " " - - O O to 68 i 1 1 11,240 12 6 -

- - - - - 16,500 671 16,700 68 17,000 67 11,199 7 6 n,397 15 — 11,53815 — - -

CO

o>

CO

o

w

o

CO

— s.

— oi;

9 C i

9 e

I i

9 9

— Si (

— S 1 9 Ci (

0 — i 9 1 9 ct 6 gi 4

9 Ci0°7S 9 t O121

---- spi

- — oi

9 L G,oG

— 9i £\98 — oi ok°5

— oi 4°

— $ f)i°2

— oi zjo86

— oi tiiGj

----- - 9j229

9 Cl 9*279

— oi 9I

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

CD

., \ — . \ '' " _ \ \ - \ ' ' \ . ..... ~ " ' \ - \ \ l ' 1 1 1 1 - 1 , -* i ' .* / J L-

26. - Ditto - — 17,000 !g7 11,496 5 17,000 imJ

27, - Ditto — — 1,000 67 C73 15 - 16,000 [67 j. 10,780 — _ _ 17,000 1 i>452

28. ~ Ditto — — ~ - - - 17,000 67} 11,496 5 — - - 17,000 11,49c

:p. I. By Stock bought - - 17,000 !".s 11 >496 5 _ _ 17,000 n>49<j

3* - Ditto - - - 17,000 ,67 i 11.475 — — - - 17,000 Hi47j

4* Ditto ~ - 17,000 h,538 15 — — — 17,000 li,53<

8. - Ditto — 3.500 68} 2.388 15 — 500 68} 341 5 " - - 12,800 68} 8,736 — — — mm 16,800 n,46t

9- - Ditto — - - " " - - - - 17,000 -4* OO O 11,60 a 10 _ — 17,000 1 11,60

10. Ditto - - - 16,800 ,68 j* 11,509 - - 16,800 11,50$

11. Ditto - 16,800 "N 00 11,538 15 — — - 16,800 11.53

15- - Ditto — - - - 16,800 69 i 11,613 _ _ 16,800 11,61 j

16.- - Ditto - — ~ - - - - 17,000 68 J n,6C6 5 — — - 17,000 1 1 i, G6<

17* - Ditto - - 16,700 68 £ 11,460 7 6 _ _ 16,700 11,46*

18. - Ditto - ~ " - - - - 16,700 68 i 11,481 5 __ — 16,700 11,48:

23- - Ditto ~ - - 16,725 68 J 11,477 10 8 - - 16,725 11,47!

24- Ditto — - - - 16,700 68 J 11,481 5 — - - 16,700 11,48

25- Ditto ~ - 16,700 68 H 11,467 10 — — — 16,700 ii,4^;

30. - Ditto - — " - - - 16,700 69 i h,536 15 — - mm 16,700 n,53<

Ct 1. By Stock bought 3,000 68 f 2,058 15 — - - - 13,800 <;8 H 9.475 __ ___ 16,800 n,53:

2. - Ditto - - - " 1 1 - ! 1 - - 16,700 68 } 11,439 10 — — — 16,700 11,43!

6. - Ditto - 2,000 «8 I 1,367 10 — - - - 14,700 68} 10,069 10 — - - 16,700 11,43*

7- - Ditto ~ — - ~ - - - - 16,700 68 n,356 — — — — 16,700 n>35<

8. - Ditto - - - - 16,700 67 1 { n,275 17 6 _ 16,700 11,27;

9- - Ditto - - - - 16,700 68 G;} ‘1,345 2 6 _ _ 16,700 11,34,

13. - Ditto - - - 16,760 67 i 11,292 1 — - - 16,760 11,29-

14* - Ditto - - - - ~ - - 16,700 67 i 11,230 15 — — - 16,700 n,23<

15. - Ditto - - - 16,800 67 £ ? 11,294 5 — — - 1 16,800 11,29.

16. - Ditto - 16,800 67 11,256 — . — _ — . 16,800 11,25*

20. - Ditto - - 1,000 67 67O — ~ - - - 16,000 671 10,740 — — — 17,000 11,41.

21. - Ditto ~ - - - - ~ - - 17,000 67 i H,453 15 — - - 17,000 11,45

22. - Ditto " — - — - ~ - - - 17,000 67! 11,496 5 — ' - 17,000 11,49*

23‘ - Ditto - " - - 16,800 j 68 1 9 11,547 — — - - 16,800 n,54 '

27* - Ditto - - - - ~ - - - 16,800 !68 11,487 — — - - 16,800 11,48 ,

SO- - Ditto - ~ - - - 16,640 67 i n,294 8 — - - 16,640 11,29

SO- - Ditto - - - 16,490 68 H n,235 5 — - - 16,490 11,23

£. 537,255 4 8 " " 15,800 — 10,823 17 6 2,000 1,389 7 6 - - 768,915 525,041 19 8 - - 786,715 537,25

' D'. Old Ann* 3 per Cent. New Ann* 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 3 per Cent.

*795- 10th Year — 38th Quarter. Total Cash Received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid.

1 £. t. £.». d. £. 3. d. £. s. d.

Nov. Quarterly Issue - . - 150,000

Additional D° 200,000

DiV on 3,947,393 — 5 Redrt 59,210

D° on 2,042,650 Old S. S. 30,639 15 —

99 &c 96 Ann* - 13,720 3 7

On 25,000 Shl An* 1777 - 12,500

On 71,452. a. 2. L" 1793 Rd A» 1,071 15 7

3 Mo* Appr* on 6,250,000*! 3 p. Ct. Ann* - - -J 15,625 —

On 11,000,000 3 p. Ct. A*Lb1794 27,500 —

On 2,750,000 4 p. Ct. Ann* 6,875 —

Dec. 25. 1796- Jan. 1.1 its. 5 d. p. Ct. on 11,000,000 -On 1,926,525/12. 5. 5 p. Ct. An" 2,420 — 4,816 6 3

Divd on 127,254. 17* 5* Rd An* - 1,908 16 5

3 MoB A pprn on 18,oooo, ooooL" 1795 45,000 — —

D" on 6,oooo.oooo 4 p. Ct. An* - 15,000

9 5. 6 d. p. Ct. on 18,000,000 - 3,208 15 —

On 1,609,897. 17 1. 5 p. Ct. An* 4,024 14 11

Ncjg3. By Stock bought ——

- Ditto - - 3:000 68 2,040 -

CD do. - Ditto . _ _ — — — _ -

Si. - Ditto - - - — . - -

12. - Ditto ——

- Ditto ——

- Ditto ——

18. - Ditto ——

- Ditto ——

20. - Ditto - - m —

24. - Ditto ——

25- - Ditto ——

2C. - Ditto ——

«7. - Ditto - — —

4 per Cent. Ann*. Consol- 3 per Cent. 3 per (

Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital Price. Sums paid. Capital. f

£.t. d. £. s. d,

17,000 Q.> A JL 14.40O 5 —

10,000 86 8,600 5,500 68J 3.781 5 — -

0 O <0 '-5 35 1 11,082 10 — 5,200 68 i 3,58110 — -

0 0 *0 35 i 14,889 7 6 -

17.500 85 14.875 -

17.500 3+n 14,820 12 6 -

17.500 841 14.743 15 — -

17.500 8 14,809 7 6 -

17.500 84 14.701 -

17.500 «4il 14,732 10 — -

17.500 83 i 14.656 5 — -

17.500 83 i H.5G8 15 — -

17.500 00 H.459 7 6 -

17.500 82 j i 14.463 c -

o

e

v

- CO

1_11

— 9 Pi

— 8 *

"5 s‘

— Pi C

— P +:.

— Sl

— i

9 n P*!

9 il

— ot

— Si

— <P:

— ox 16

o

w

o

— 5 1,07:

8 01 *iia

— P

9 L

ty*

— S c9

<08

% o6

— V8

Sl ^05 ^06 02

— oi r

— 9i

— £

,08'

16

22

27

— 9

— £i i

<0 -S G

CO i

Saeabies:

Secretary Agent Broker Clerk -

Messenger

Expired Terms:

Expired Terms

Unclaimed and Expired Annuities

Accruing Interest:

On 13,287,042/. 3 per Cents.

On 507,000 /. 4 per Cents. -

s.

3

it

5

d

6

W. Pitt.

T. Walker.

D. Giles. Thomas Raikes.

Ordered,

JTT?

36 Geo. III.

15" Jb'ebru

K

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill for mis- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second fog a Sum by Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money,

f Yf hpfliipr O O J 9

Bills, com- by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the mitted. Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-ling, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Exchequer Bills, committed.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, 4c. in the West India Islands, reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Northwold An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, IncIosure Bill, t|ie Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Rector to lease his Allotments, under certain Restrictions.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

passed.

Pr. 17.

1.

1.

20.

21.

nor

1. 22.

Pr. 44. 1. 34-

To leave out, " equal to, but." After " exceeding " to insert *'

" less than."

After " Flags " to insert " of the " usual Dimensions."

After " Tax " to insert " and of any " further Acre Tax to be hereafter charged on the same <c Lands for the Purpose of the " last mentioned Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Vol. 51.

Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on die first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Parts of the several Rates and Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Receipt, or the Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Part of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed (and which said Duties were granted by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty) in respect whereof any Duty shall be imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament, do cease ana determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1796, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1790.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, is committed, that they have Power

to

Bill for reg lating the shipping o Slaves, on sented.

Innkeeper* Bill, committed.

Report Wa and Means

Exchequer Bills.

Discontinu ing Parts o the Duties i Receipts so Legacies.

Pay and Cloathing

the Militia

otion for idress reacting a ?gotiation th France.

Neg.

ays and eans defied.

ipply de-rred.

etition from ie Corpora->n of Exeter ;ain.st Top-am, &c. uutl Bill.

300 ' 15° — 1 6° FebA, 1796.

to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Second of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Hose, and Mr. Charles Lojig, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to state to His Majesty the Desire of this House, that His Majesty may be pleased to take such Steps, as to His Royal W isdom shall appear most proper, for com-niunicatinjr directly to the Executive Government of the French Republic His Majesty's Readiness to meet any Disposition to Negotiation on the Part of that Government, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Eflect;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Grey,

I Afr 7f7d//„

Tellers for the Yeas, s1 Mr. 1 Unthread, Ju-[ nior:

Tellers for the Noes,

' [Mr. Adams:

So it passed in the Negative.

1

j

50-

189.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 16" die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III1" Regis, 1796. Praters.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, in Chamber assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Hill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Fxc, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making Navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal; and Setting forth, That, hv the said Bill, it is proposed that Powers should be given to the Proprietors of the said Undertaking to erect or construct Reservoirs in the Valley of the River Culm, in the said County of Devon, and to make Channels to convey Water from the said Reservoirs, and from the said River Culm, to join or communicate with the said intended Canal at the Places mentioned in the said Bill, and that the said Proprietors should he authorized to supply the said intended Canal, Cuts, and Reservoirs, with Water from the said River Culm, and from all such Springs' as shall be found in making the same, and from all Rivers, Springs, Brooks, Streams, and Watercourses, which shall be found within a certain Distance, to be ascertained, from any Part of the said Canal and Cuts, and from the Reservoirs belonging thereto, and for that Purpose to.deepen, enlarge, or straiten, any such Rivers, Brooks, Streams, or Watercourses, or any others, which may come or be brought into the same, respectively, and to make such Feeders and Aqueducts, and erect such Weirs, Engines, and Machines, for supplying the said Canal,

Cuts, and Reservoirs, with Water, and for. conveying Water from the said Reservoirs to the said Canal ana Cuts, as the said Proprietors shall, from Time to Time, think proper and expedient: That the River Culm falls into the River Eat Stoke Canon, in the County of Devon, about Four Miles above the City of Exeter, and forms a very considerable Part of the River Exe, in its Passage at the City of Exeter, and, in dry Seasons, the Supply of Water in the River Exe principally depends on the Quantity produced by the River Culm; and that the Petitioners are possessed of a

Navigable Canal from Exeter to Topsham, originally formed by virtue of Powers given to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the said City, by an Act, passed in the Reign of King llenry the Eighth, for amending the River and Port of Exeter, which Canal is supplied with the Water of the River Exe at or near the said City of Exeter, and hath, since that Period, from Time to Time, been greatly improved by the Petitioners and their Predecessors at a very great Expence, whereby a large Debt has been incurred, and still remains due from the Petitioners; and that, for upwards of One hundred Years past, the said Canal has been made capable of conveying from Topsham to Exeter not only Lighters and Boats, but Ships of heavy Burthen, which hath been found to be of great Convenience and Advantage, and tended greatly to the Increase of the Trade and Commerce of the City, and hath also produced a considerable Income to the Petitioners for defraying the Expence of maintaining the Navigation, so necessary and highly beneficial to the Trade of the said City, and also for the Payment of the Interest of the Debt due thereon; and that the said City is principally supplied with Water from the River Exe, by Means of an Engine erected by the Petitioners Predecessors, and leased out by them for the Purpose of conveying Water in Pipes throughout the greatest Part of the City — That in the Summer Season there is but a scanty Supply, and at particular Times a total Want of Water in the River for working the said Engine, and for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said City — That there are likewise many Fulling Mills on the River Exe, necessary for carrying on the Woollen Manufacture, established in the said City, and Corn Mills belonging to the Petitioners and their Lessees, and, within a few Years past, a large Mill has been established near the City, adjoining to a certain Weir, called Trews Weir, for spinning Cotton, under a Lease from the Petitioners, which Mill was erected at a great Expence; and that any Diminution in the Water of the River Exe would be highly injurious and prejudicial to the said Navigation from Topsham to Exeter, as well as to the said Water Engine, Fulling Mills, and Corn Mills, and Spinning Engine, established on the said River, and all the Water taken from the River Culm must, in the same Proportion, lessen the Quantity of Water in the River Exe, at Exeter, whereby the several Interests before-mentioned will be most materially injured: That the Petitioners, under many ancient Charters and Grants from the Crown, hold the City of Exeter at Fee Farm, for which they pay a large Rent to the Crown, by virtue thereof, as well as by Prescription and immemorial Usage, the Petitioners are entitled to receive various Petty Customs, or Town Dues, on all Goods imported into the Port of Exeter, and are also possessed of a Quay at Exeter, and an ancient Crane or Quay at Topsham, which they also hold under the Crown, paying a large Rent for the same, and the Petitioners, in Right of the said Quay at Topsham, as Fanners under the Crown, are

entitled to certain Rates on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, laid on Land, laden, or unladen, upon the said Quay, or in ary other Place, being dry Land, within the Precincts of the Manor of ;and

that the Petitioners conceive that, if a Navigable Canal should be made from Taunton to Topsham, according to the Line, and in the Manner proposed by the

G.

30 vxEO. 111.

10 rtvruu

Little Brick-hill Inclosure Bill, committed.

London Docks, &c. Petition, reported.

the said Bill, the present established Canal from Tops-ham to Exeter, belonging to the Petitioners, so highly necessary to the Existence of the Trade and Commerce of Exeter, as well as to the Supply of Water to the City by Means of the said Water Engine, and also the Fulling Mills, Corn Mills, and Spinning Engine, in the said River, would be essentially injured, and that no Regulation whatever in the Method of taking any Part of the River Culm, at any Seasons of the Year, for the Supply of the proposed Navigable Canal from Topsham to Taunton, would sufficiently guard the Interests of the said City of Exeter, and the Rights and Property of the Petitioners, but that the same must unavoidably be subject to great Encroachment, and all Persons interested therein would be exposed to constant Injury, Risque, and Litigation, and the Petitioners Income, arising from the Petty Customs, or Town Dues, within the Port of Exeter, and Quay Dues at Topsham and Exeter, before mentioned, will be very considerably diminished: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as concern their Interests, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant February.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Praed, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others residing in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Milligan, Esquire, being examined, said, That he is a West India Merchant. — And being asked, Whether, from the great Increase of the Trade and Commerce of London, Westminster, and Southwark, and the Parts adjacent, the present Legal Wharfs and Quays on the River Thames, and those used as Legal Wharfs and Quays by Sufferance, have not been found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Shipping coming thereto, and to the Purpose of landing and shipping Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes thereat? he said, Completely so; totally inadequate to the Business, which is at present confined to the Legal Quays. — Being asked. Whether he does not think that the Sufferance Wharfs, in Addition to the Legal Quays Vol. 51.

and Wharfs, are sufficient for the Accommodation of the Commerce ? he said. He does not think that either the Legal Quays, or the Sufferance Wharfs, are properly calculated for the Business now carried on there, particularly the West India Trade. — Being asked, What he meant by properly ? he said, In the first Instance, the West India Ships, homeward bound, draw so much Water, that many of them are obliged to discharge their Cargoes into Lighters at Deptford, and very few of them go higher up the River than Bell Wharf. — Being asked, Whether he did not think that the present Legal Wharfs and Quays, with the Sufferance Wharfs and Quays, are capable of being so improved as to answer all the Purposes of Trade ? he said, He does not think they are capable of such Improvement. — Being asked, If he thought the Situation pointed out for the Wet Docks is the most commodious for Docks for the Accommodation of Shipping, and the Trade in general ? he said, He perfectly approves the Principle of Wet Docks, and thinks that it will be the only effectual Way of preventing the excessive Plunderage daily committed upon the present System, which is now carried on to an Extent almost incredible. — Being asked, Whether he thought Wet Docks, constructed at the Isle of Dogs, would be more sufficient? he said, He thought so, and he is still inclined to think so, but he has not considered the other Situation so fully as now to be prepared to decide upon it — Being asked, Whether he did not think that in Time of Peace the Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs are sufficient for the Accommodation of the Trade of the Port of London ? he said, He does not think that even in Times of Peace they are at all calculated for the India Trade. — Being asked, Why they are not calculated for that Trade? he said, Because the Ships, by unloading their Cargoes into Lighters at so great a Distance from the Free Quays, must continue to be liable to very considerable Plunderage on the River, and the long Detention frequently happening in the Discharge of those Lighters, even after they are brought to the Free Quays, makes them also liable to Plunderage. — Being asked, What is the Reason of that long Detention at the Free Quays, and if it is not owing to the Free Quays being blocked up ? he said, It certainly is occasioned by the Wharfingers frequently undertaking to do more Business than they can properly execute, more than the Quays are competent to execute, particularly in War Time. — Being asked, Whether the Wharfingers have not frequently applied to the Merchants to clear away their Goods, and without Success ? he said, Not to his Knowledge. — Being asked, Whether the Merchants always make their Entries as soon as the Ship reports ? he said, Generally as soon after the Ship reports as they are able to work out their Cargo — the prime Entry is then made — the post Entry cannot be made until the Goods pass the King's Beam. — Being asked, If there is any Loss suffered on the Quays ? he said, He presumes there must be considerable Damage and Loss upon the Quays, and he has seen them exposed to the Weather there without any Covering. — Being asked, Whether that is not in general for Want of the post Entries ? he said, He believes not; for in general, as soon as the Landwaiter delivers in the Note of the Weights at the King's Beam, the post Entry is made. — Being asked, If it is not common for the Landwaiters to make repeated Applications to the Merchants for the post Entries ? he said, He does not know it in the Course of his own Business. — Being asked, Whether it is not usual for the Merchants to send the Cooper to the Warehouse where the Sugars are, for a Sample? he said, Certainly. — Being asked, What Quantity the Cooper is directed to bring away for the Sample ? he said, He believes Two Pounds is deemed sufficient for a Sample. — Being asked. If he does not know, that from Three Pounds and an Half to Four Pounds have often been brought ? he said, He

5 K has

4U2 ltr Pebruam . 17 yb.

has heard so, and a great deal more. — Being asked, Whether he knew of any Instance in Time of Peace of the Goods remaining in Lighters Five or Six Weeks? he said, No. — Being asked, Whether it can ever happen in Time of Peace ? he said, He thinks it is likely. — Being asked, Whether his principal Reason does not arise from there not being Depth of Water sufficient at the Quays and Sufferance Wharfs for the Ships to discharge their Cargoes there ? he said, It is certainly a very material Reason, but it is not by any Means the most material, because he thinks the Difficulty of the Navigation for such Ships as have hitherto been obliged to discharge their Cargoes at Deptford, ‘ for the Want of a sufficient Depth of Water, and other Impediments, from the crowded State of the River, would not thereby be removed. — Being asked, Whether he knew of any Instance, within the last Two Years, of any Lighter of Sugar lying so long at the Quays as Five or Six Weeks, or even Two or Three Weeks? he said, Two or Three Weeks in many Instances. — Being asked, Whether that did not happen in 1793 ? he said, He knew several Instances in 1793 of Lighters being detained Five or Six Weeks at the Wharf. — Being asked, Whether he has ever seen the Quays so crowded, by Casks being piled on the Quays Five or Six Hogsheads high, for Want of Room, so as to impede the Business of the Quays? he said, Yes, he has seen them several Hogsheads high. Being asked, Whether that Difficulty does not arise from the under ones having paid the Duty, and the upper ones not ? he said, He could not tell. — Being asked, Whether he knew the Extent of the Sufferance Wharfs? he said, He did not. — Being asked, If he had ever been upon the Sufferance Wharfs, and made such Observations as to enable him to state whether they contain proper Accommodation for the landing and Delivery of Goods, or not ? he said, He has been upon many of them, and had Occasion to employ them in 1793, and thinks them even worse calculated for the Accommodation of the West India Trade than the Free Quays. — Bein» asked, On which Side of the Water were those Sufferance Wharfs ? he said, On the Surrey Side. — Then,

Mr. John Dailey being examined, said, That he is Assistant to the Register General of Shipping. — And being asked, Whether the Shipping using the Port of London has not increased very considerably within the last Fifty Years? he said, It has. — Being asked, Whether he could tell in what Degree ? he said, It appears by the Books in the Custom House that it has more than doubled. — And being asked, What was the State of the Shipping in 1793, in the Foreign Trade, inwards? he said, There were 3,541 Ships, amounting to 655,124 Tons, entered inwards in 1793.

Mr. Jaynes Duncan being then examined, said, That he is a Ship Broker, and has commanded Vessels in the King's and Merchants Service many Years. — Being asked, Whether he is not acquainted generally with the Situation of the Trade in the Port of London ? he said, He is. — And being asked, Whether many Inconveniences, Delays, Accidents, and Damages have not been occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London from the crowded State of the River? he said, There has, many more than he can remember. — And being asked, Whether, from the very great Increase of the Navigation of the River, many very heavy Damages and Delays have not been frequently sustained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in, Ships and Vessels resorting to the Port of London ? he said, There has, a great many. — And being asked, If good and sufficient Wet Docks or Basons, Canals or Cuts, with proper Outlets, and other necessary Works, were made in convenient Situations near the River, for receiving and discharging Vessels, whether the several Grievances complained of might not thereby be removed, Protection and Dispatch given to Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue ? he said, Most undoubtedly.

Mr. Daniel Alexander, Junior, being then examined, was asked, Whether it will not be necessary, for carrying into Effect the Purposes proposed by the Petitioners, to purchase several Lands, Buildings, and other Premisses ? he said, It will: that the Buildings in general consist of old Houses.

Mr. John Rennie being examined, was asked, Whether he has surveyed the Situation of the proposed Docks, and other Works, and also the Line of the intended Canal? he said, He has, and that it is very practicable to make them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackmail to the said Docks in And that

Mr. Manning, Sir William Young, Mr. Samuel Long, Mr. Dcvaynes, Mr. Hobart, Mr. and Mr. Whit-

more, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham, was committed.

Mr. Praed accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dudley North reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council Men, Free Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, also of the several Proprietors of Estates there, and in the Vicinity thereof, and of the Farmers and Occupiers thereof, and also of the several Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Babb being examined, said, That the Port of Great Grimsby is a very ancient Port; and the Haven there, which extends from the Two Bridges or Sluices in the said Parish to the River Humber, was formerly deep and capacious enough to admit Ships of nearly 400 Tons Burthen, but that it is now so silted and warped up as to be navigable only for Sloops of about 40 Tons Burthen, which are frequently neaped for Ten or Twelve Days together, and seldom able, when

loaded,

Cranford Bridge, Slough, &c. Roads Bill, reported.

Great Grimsby Haven Petition, reported.

36 Geo. III.

16° /'eoruani.

403

loaded, either to get up or out of the Haven but at Spring Tides; and consequently, it is now become almost impracticable for any Ship to navigate so far up the Haven as to reach the legal Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places of the said Port, by Means whereof the Trade of the Town is gone almost to entire Decay, to the great Loss, Prejudice, and Inconvenience, as well of the Inhabitants thereof, and of the adjacent Country, as of the Public at large. And being further examined, he said, That if the said Haven was widened, deepened, and rendered;more straight, and the Course thereof in Part varied, and if the Water of a certain Beck, called Freshney, was brought into the said Haven, the same would be rendered navigable more constantly for Vessels of large Burthen, whereby the Trade ana Commerce of the Town would be restored, and considerably increased, and the Public in general greatly benefited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Dudley North and Mr. Harrison do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands, passed.

Committee on Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Act.

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six* he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Clitheroeand Salford Bridge Road Bill, committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from the Market Cross in the Township of " to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-bume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Exchequer One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now Bills, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

to

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieq-tenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the 1 of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vote of Cre? nm dit Bill, prefer sented.

the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts " of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and " the Islands adjacent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Allnutt, from Account re-the Commissioners for improving and completing the ®P®ctin8 Thames Navigation, attended at the Door; he was yjg^on, pre called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, sented. ' pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all the Money received and disbursed by the Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the Thames Navigation, in the Year 1795-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee on Bill for.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sumby^Ex- upon *he Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by chequer Bills. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Voi. 51.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pearson, from Account of the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Com, &c. Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to i„g Bounties their Order, thereon,

An Account of all Com and Flour imported into presented, this Kingdom since the passing of the late Act for granting Bounties thereon, and specifying the Port in which the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Persons claiming the Bounties upon the Imports.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill

Beccles Paving, &c. Bill, committed.

Kimber-worth Inclo-fiure Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Game Act, ordered.

Mr. Stain-forth's Petition.

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Committee on Innkeeper* Bill.

404 16° — 17

A Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,- That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir John Rous, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kimbetworth, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Wilberforce, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called ,"

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk and Mr. Curwen do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George Stainfo Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs, issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, is now depending in the House, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioner is apprehensive will much affect the Fees belonging to him upon the Carriage and Conveyance of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying, That if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, the House will be pleased to make some Compensation to the Petitioner for the Loss he may sustain, by the Diminution of his Fees, in Consequence of the Provisions intended in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Sir Francis Baring, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into (he said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

0 Februarii. . 1796.

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the stud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

JffENRY Christian Reim took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, Spinster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tything of Awre, in the Parish of Atvre, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges, over the River Northesk; and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour, in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor

and

Committee on high Price of Com.

Reimer

worn.

Gordon's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Awre Inclosure Bill.

Kincardine Roads, and Statute Labour Bill.

Alvescot Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed Runkel's Nat. Bill.

Bill read.

Rebenack's Nat. Bill, reported.

Million Bank

Petition,

reported.

36 Geo. III. 17° Februa 405

and Parish of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Justus Runkel; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Frederick nack was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Bank or Fund, called The Million Bank, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, certain Indentures, bearing Date the 19th of July and the 19th of February 1695, were produced and read, by which it appeared, that divers Persons agreed to erect the said Bank or Fund for certain Purposes, to be founded upon certain Annuities, and Parliamentary or other good Securities; and that several Sums of Money had been subscribed as a Capital Stock or Fund for carrying on such Undertaking, which was to continue for 199 Years, unless sooner determined by the Order and Consent of the Proprietors having Two Third Parts of the said Capital Stock, or by some inevitable Accident; and that at the Expiration or other sooner Determination of the said Term of 199 Years, the said Capital Stock, and such Part of the Profits as should not have been before divided, shall be then divided amongst the Proprietors, in Proportion to each Person's Interest in the said Capital Stock and Profits.

It also appeared to your Committee, that the Capital Stock of the said Bank or Fund is 500,000l.; and that the said Society purchased the Reversions of divers Exchequer Annuities for the Remainder of a Term of 96 Years, by the falling in of which the Society have been enabled, for several Years past, to make a Dividend of 5 /. per Centum per , and for the last Half Year an extraordinary additional Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum upon the said Capital Stock; and by investing the Surplus in Government and other Public Securities, there is a large Accumulation on the said Capital Stock. That the said Term of 96 Years expired on the 5th of February 1792, from which Time the Business of the said Bank has wholly consisted in the Receipt of the Dividends becoming payable on the Stocks and Securities composing the said Capital Stock, and the Accumulations thereof, and in the Payment of the Dividends upon the said Stock or Fund, and in the Investment of the Surplus thereof in Government or other Securities. That the Expence of conducting the Affairs of the said Society is between Six and Seven hundred Pounds per Annum.

Mr. Henry Johnson being examined, said, That no Profit now results to the Society from the Continuance of the said Bank or Fund, but on the contrary (besides the above Annual Expence of Management) the Petitioners Property therein is subject to Loss upon every

Sale thereof, the same producing considerably less in Proportion than their Shares in the Securities in which the said Capital Stock is invested would produce, was the said Capital Stock or Fund divided amongst them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dissolving a certain Partnership Society or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson and Mr. Alderman Lushinglon do prepare, and bring, in, the same.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to East Bridg-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Inclosui Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other 'lnesent uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Coventry, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Warwick, Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in Gutte^Hoiw the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Bill, passed, jesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, was

read the Third Time-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and-in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Dayappoint-Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable ed for 2" Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of perttnlnll

in the County of Bedford, be read a Second Time upon inclosure Monday Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant Bill. February.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Nether Wal-the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste |°P inclosure Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of "" >Pass:ed-Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Basing and the Open and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, Mappleder-and other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the County of passed. ' Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and

5 L other

Cedewen and iopton, &c. nclosure Jill, passed.

Jr. Suba-ier s Bill, ommitted.

'etition of Jr. Woollas-on White gainst »omersham Ieath, &c. nclosure

Jill.

Vent and lerseyCanal '.x tension 'etition, eported.

406 17® Felruarii. . 1796.

other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Mappledemell, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of Montgomery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for vesting in William Sabatier, Gentleman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method of retaining Cotton throughout the British Settlements in the East Indies, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, by a Member in his Place, that the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies had no Objection to the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Peel, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Woollaston White, of Walling-wells, in the County of Notting Esquire, Lord of the Manor of S/epe, otherwise Slccpe, in the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parish of and also the other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, in which the Petitioner is materially interested, as Lord of the Manor of Slope, otherwise aforesaid, and as a Proprietor of Lands and Hereditaments having Right of Common on Somersham Heath aforesaid, but no Notice is taken in the said Bill of the Petitioner being Lord of the said Manor, nor is any Provision therein made for ascertaining the Rights and Claims of the Petitioner, or to give him an Opportunity of trying his Rights at Law: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, Solicitors, or Agents, before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, and have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the whs referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills and Reservoirs, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.,

William Cross, Surveyor to the said Company, being examined, said. That by virtue of Two Acts of the Sixth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, a Navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey hath been made and completed; and by another Act of the Sixteenth Year of His said Majesty, another Navigable Canal hath also been made and completed, from the said first-mentioned Canal on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghal and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County.

And the Witness further said, That by Surveys lately taken, it appears, that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the last mentioned Canal, near the Village of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the said County of Stafford, which will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town, and of Public Utility; and that for supplying the said Canal with Water, a Reservoir may be conveniently made in a certain Vale called Rudyard Vale, near to the said Town of Leek; which Canal and Reservoir the said Company, at their own Expence, are w illing and desirous to make and maintain.

Mr. Thomas Sparrow being also examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water: And that the Earl Gower Sutherland and Lord Granville Leveson Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Leek, Petition in in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, favour of the and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are in- extendin formed, that Application is intended to be made, in the Trentand this present Session of Parliament, for a Bill to make Mersey a Navigable Canal from a certain Canal, called The Canal.

Caldon Canal, in or near the Village of Endon, to the Town of Leek aforesaid: And praying, That the said Bill, if brought into the House, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to w'hom streetway, the Petition of several of the Trustees for repairing of Wolver-the Road leading from the Road called Streetway, w|j*j>en, and through Wolverhampton, to WordsleyGreen Gate, and Green Gate several other Roads, in the Counties of Stafford, Wor- Roads Ped-cester, and Warwick, being the Second District of the tions, report-

Roads comprised in certain Acts of Parliament, of e<1‘ the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Towns of Rugeleyand Cannock, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, and Proprietors of Land adjoining to, lying near, or being between, the said Towns, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with in respect to the first-mentioned Petition; but, that the said Standing Orders had not been complied with in respect to the second-mentioned Petition, it not having, been determined to apply to Parliament to extend the said Road until after the Time limited for giving such Notices;

O O 7

36 Geo. III.

17° Febru

m

and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition^ and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ift his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James Bourne being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Roads within the said District, which has been duly applied, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the same.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Holmes being examined, said, That an Extension of the said Road from the Town of Rugeley to Cantioek will be of Advantage to the Inhabitants and Neighbourhood thereof, and the Public in general, as it will be die Means of considerable more Intercourse between the said Towns and the adjacent Country, by opening a Communication from many of the principal trading Cities and Towns in the West of England, to the principal trading Cities and Towns in the North and Eastern Parts thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, made for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and so far as relates

to the Road leading from a Place called , in

the County of Stafford, through Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick: And that Mr. Wigley and Sir John daunt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the said Report, so far as the same relates to the Matter of the second-mentioned Petition, do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, vawyin^and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Xewburyand Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was referred; Ba.*:h Canal, That the Committee had examined, and found that rpf*-orted. the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the -Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth;' viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that the said Company were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the River Kennel, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Awn, at or near the City of Bath: And,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That some Progress has been made in that Work; bht it appears, by Surveys lately made,' that the varying and extending the said Canal'from the prfesdnt Churse," and making and- carrying the same in a Closb of Land, Vox.. 51.

in tliO Parish of Bath Hampton, in the County of Sonierset, belonging to Mr. Robert Fisher, in the Occupation of Thomas Jones, into the River Avon at Bristol Quay, and making a Navigable Branch from and but of the Same, at a certain Garden belonging to the Reverend Martin Stafford Smith, in the Parish blf Lyncombe and Widcombe, in the said County, into the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, with a Bason adjoining the same, instead of carrying the said Canal into the said River in the Lihe directed to be pursued by the said Act, will greatly facilitate the Passage of Goods and Commodities between the said Canal and the said Cities of Bath and Bristol, and from one of the said Cities to the other of them, and will be of great Public Utility.

And being further examined, he said, He first began the Survey of the Variation in the Line of the Canal in May last, but had at various Times since that Period gone over it again. — That he is Chief Engineer of the Works authorized to be made from Newbury to Bath.

And being asked, Whether, when he first took his Survey of the general State of the Country, he then examined the Line now proposed from Bath Hampton to near Sidney s Gardens ? he replied, He did.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Que^* put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vary for and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennel,

" at, or near, the Town of Newbury, in the County of " Berks, to the River Avon, at, or near, the City of " Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described ' therein described:

and also to make a certain Navigable Cut

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Charles Dundas, \ [Mr. Praed: J

fMr. Bankes, 1

[Mr. Buxton: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

l5‘

30.

Grandborough Inclosure Bill, presented.

Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, presented to the House, ac- Bill to amend cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in Game Act> the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, prcsen e intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called England:' And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time-To-morrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties there- cies of Person, in certain Cases. so1 Estates.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That' they had gone through the Bill, and made several! Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him' to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had maide' to the Bill, and which they had directed' him to; report ko the House; and' he read the Report'in, his '

Place;. and afterwards delivered the Billj with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered,

408 17° — 18° Februarii. AAl96.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Innkeepers Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for raising a Sum by Exchequer Bills, reported.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Exchequer Bills, reported.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Act, reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw'ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the " Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in 8t the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Poole and whom the Petition of several Land Owners, Merchants, Bradford Ca. Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Dorset, nal Pe^.tio0* Somerset, and Wilts, was referred; That the Committee repor had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Rennet being examined, said, That by Surveys taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from the Tideway or Navigable Channel of the Harbour ot Poole, in the County of Doi'set, to join the Kennetand Avon Canal, at or near in the

Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, together with certain Navigable Branches therefrom, as described in the Petition.

Mr. John Bowles and Mr. Richard Mcssiter being examined, said, That the making and maintaining the said Canal and Branches, with proper Railways or Stone Roads lrom the same, will open an easy and convenient Communication between the English and Bristol Channels, at the Ports of Poole and Bristol, and with many considerable manufacturing Towns and Places in the said Counties, and with the extensive Collieries near Mendip, and will render the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, Lime, Timber, and other Things, more expeditious and less expensive than at present, and will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Navigable Channel, in the Harbour of Poole, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Branches from the intended Canal:

And that Mr. Gore Langton and Mr. Buller do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- SuPP1)'* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole de, err ‘ House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 18* die Februarii; Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

Vote of Cre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second dlt Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise

cMnnu the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand

Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

Prayers.

ORDERED, that Sir Richard Hill be added to Member add-the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and ®jj! to bn"?, B bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition inc^ure^. of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury,

and

36 Geo. III. 18° Februani.

409

and the humble Petition of Henry Zachariah Esquire, Thomas Smallzoo, Thomas Taylor, Hayward, William Anwyl, Thomas Powell, William Taylor, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Cheswardina Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Inclosure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the proen . Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ches-wardine, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Elleunere Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to tion Petition" w^om the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the (fromFranck- Ellesmere Canal, was referred; That the Committee had

ton Common) examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the reported. House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and for making certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read: And

Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that, instead of a certain Part of the Line of the said Canal directed to be pursued by the said Act, a Deviation may be conveniently made at or near Franckton Common, in the Parish of Whittington, in the Township of Franckton, in the County of Salop, to or near a certain Bridge in the Parish of Whitchurch, and in the Township of Dodington, in the said County, called Sherry-mans Bridge, and a Branch from such Deviation on Whirall Moss, in the Parish of Prees, and Township of Whixall, to the Turnpike Road on Prees Higher Heath, leading from Whitchurch to in the said County of Salop, and also another Branch therefrom in the Parish and Township of Ellesmere, in the said County of Salop, near a Barn there, called Black-waters Bam, to a Garden in the same Parish and Township, in the Occupation of Edward Jackson, which Deviation and Branches are very practicable to be made, and will be a Means of facilitating and improving the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes thereon, and will promote and increase the Trade, Commerce, and Agriculture of the Country through which the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and such Deviation and Branches may pass, and will otherwise be of great Public Utility: Then,

Mr. Charles Potts being examined, said, That the said Act requires to be amended and altered; and that to complete the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, it will be necessary that the said Company should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for " making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for Vol. 51.

extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherry-man's Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And that Sir Richard Hill and Sir William Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills and Reservoirs, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read, whereby the said Company were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, with several Collateral Cuts or Branches therefrom: And,

Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by Surveys and Levels lately taken, it appears that, instead of a certain Part of the Line of the said Canal, a Deviation may be made in the Parish of Ruabon, and Township of Christioneth Kenrick, in the County of Denbigh, at or near Pontcysylte, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the same County, to or near a Dwelling House in the Occupation of Edward Jenkins, in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the County of the City of Chester, and a Branch from such Deviation on Cefn Common, in the said Parish of Ruabon, to the Turnpike Road leading to Acrefair Coal Works, in the said County of Denbigh, and also another Branch therefrom in the Parish of and Township of

Gwersylt, in the said County, near a House in the Occupation of Robert Dod, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, and also another Branch from such Deviation from near a House in the Parish of Gresford, and Township of Burton, in the said County of Denbigh, called The Broad Oak, to a certain Field near the River Allen, in the said Parish of Gresford and Township of Allington, called Cae Morgan, there to join the Holt Branch of the said Canal; which Devia-

tion and Branches will be a Means of facilitating the making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize thereon, will promote and increase the Trade, Commerce, and Agriculture of the Country through which the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and such Deviation and Branches may pass, and will otherwise be of great Public Utility. — And the Witness added, That the said Act requires to be amended and altered; and it is necessary, to complete the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, that the said Company should be enabled to raise more Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal from the River Secern at Shrewsbury, in the " County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near " Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also " for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts " from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to

5 M communicate

Ellesmere Canal Deviation Petition (from Rua-bon)reported.

Petition for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Exeter in Rockingham Forest reported.

Petition for a Grant of Lands to Mr. Finch Hatton in Rockingham Forest, reported.

410 18° Februarii. A. 1796.

communicate therewith: And that Sir Richard Hill and Sir William Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Earl of , was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Letters Patent, dated the 4th of April, the 30th of May, and the 23d of July, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, were produced and read; whereby it appeared that the said Earl of Exeter is seised in Fee of the Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and other Hereditaments within the Hay or Walk of Westhay, within the Bailiwick of Clive, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, except Herbage for the King's Deer and Wild Beasts, and all Royal Mines upon the Premisses; and is also seised in Fee of the Office of Forester or Keeper of the said Hay or Walk, and of all the Deer and Wild Beasts therein: And,

John Bramston, Esquire, being examined, said, That

divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common upon the said Woods and Premisses, which are capable of Improvement, and for that Purpose it is proposed to set out and allot Lands belonging to the said Earl in lieu of such Rights of Common; but as such Improvement cannot be effectually carried into Execution so long as the Deer of the Forest are at Liberty to go into the said Premisses, His Majesty, upon Application being made to him, has been graciously pleased to give his Consent, that a Bill should be brought into Parliament to grant to the said Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest now remaining in His Majesty in, over, and upon the said Hay or Walk, ipon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Finch Hatton, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, dated the 5th of July, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, were produced and read; whereby it appeared that the Petitioner is seised of the Custody of the Launde of Benefield, within the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, with the Office of Valet and Groom-keeper of the same Launde, and the Wild Beasts therein, and also of the Office of Keeper of divers Woods within the said Forest of Rockingham, and within the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the said Forest, and the Custody of the Wild Beasts within the Launde, Offices, Woods, and Bailiwick aforesaid, and is also seised of the Messuage called The Launde Lodge, within the Launde aforesaid, and of the Herbage and Paunage of the said Laundq: And,

' John Bramston, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Petitioner and others are entitled to divers Woods,

Lands, and Grounds in the said Bailiwick, over which the said Office extends, and in or over which the Deer of the said Forest have Right to feed and depasture. —

And the Witness added, that divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common upon the Woodlands and Premisses; and that the said Launde, Woods,

Lands, and Premisses are capable of Improvement, and for that Purpose it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands in lieu of such Right of Common; but as such Improvement cannot be effectually carried into Execution so long as the Deer of the Forest are at Liberty to go into the said Launde, Woods, Lands, and Premisses, the Petitioner has obtained His Majesty's Consent that a Bill may be brought into Parliament, to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest now remaining in His Majesty in, over, and upon the said Launde, Woods, Lands, and Premisses, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Poztys reported from the Committee, to whom Petition for the Petition of John Earl of Westmorland, was referred; a Grant of That the Committee had examined the Matter of the ^elt said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, moriandin as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Rockingham Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Forestre-the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as P°rte<l* followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Grants from the Crown were produced, by which it appeared, that the Petitioner is seised in Fee of all the Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and other Hereditaments within the Hay or Walk of Sulehay and Short-wood, and within the Hay or Walk of Morehay, within the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, except as therein is excepted; and that the Petitioner is also entitled to the Office of Master Forester or Keeper of the said Bailiwick, called Cliffe Bailiwick, and all the Herbage and Deer Browse within the said Hay or Walk of Sulehay Farms and Shortzcood, and the said Hay or Walk of Morehay, with Power to the Petitioner to take all the Deer to his own Use, and to inclose the said Woods and other Premisses, and convert the same into Tillage, and such other Uses as the Petitioner should think fit: And,

John Bramston, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Petitioner has not yet destroyed the Deer, in regard the Woods being commonable to several neighbouring Parishes, the Cattle could not be excluded beyond the usual Time, and the Removal of the Deer would have no other Effect than leaving a greater Portion of Herbage for the Commoners without any Advantage to the Petitioner. — That the said Premisses might be improved if the Commonable Cattle were excluded therefrom, for which Purpose the Petitioner is desirous to make a full Compensation to the Commoners for their Common Rights; but such Improvement cannot be carried into Execution so long as the Deer of the Forest are permitted to go into the Woods and Premisses; and His Majesty has been pleased to consent that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, all the Estate now remaining in His Majesty in and upon the said Hays or Walks, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

" Resolved,

Poole and Widbrook Canal Bill, presented.

London Docks, &c. Bill, presented.

Macclesfield Inclosure Bill, presented.

Faringdon, &c. Poor Petition repotted.

Renner's Nat Bill, committed.

Taunton and Bridgewater, dec. Canal Petition reported.

36 Geo. III. 18° Februarii. 411

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Gore Langtm presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Navigable Channel in the Harbour of Poole, in the County of Dorset, to commuuicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Branches from the intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of divers Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, within the Hundreds of Faringdon, field, and Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the seme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Crawdy being examined, said, That the Poor in

the Parishes of Great Faringdon, Buckland, Coleshill,

Langford, Great Coxwell, Buscot, Eaton Hastings, and

Hatford, and in the Township of , including

the Tything of Becket, and in the several Hamlets or Townships of Bourton, Longcoi, Watchfield, Fernham, and Little Coxrcell, within the Hundreds of Faringdon,

Ganfield, and Shrivenham, are very numerous, and are supported at a great Expence: — That if a proper Workhouse was provided for the Reception of the Poor within the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, and proper Powers given for their Regulation, Employment, and Government, it would not only be a great Advantage to all Persons paying the Poor Rates, but tend to the better Relief and Comfort of the Poor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, belonging to the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships therein mentioned, situate in the Hundreds of Faringdon, Ganfield, and Shrivenham, in the County of Berks: And that Mr. Loveden and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, IVlerchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said.

That he has surveyed the Line of a Canal proposed by the Petition to be made for the Navigation of Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels, with proper Towing Paths, from the River Avon, at or near a Place called Morgan's Pill, in the Parish of Easton in Gordano otherwise Saint George's, in the County of Somerset, through the Parishes and Places mentioned in the Petition, to or near the River Tone, at or near the Township of Taunton, in the said County, and also the several Cuts and Branches in the Petition mentioned, and that the same are very practicable to be made, and the making and maintaining thereof will be of Public Utility.

Mr. William White being examined, said, That the

making and maintaining the Canal and Cuts mentioned and described in the Petition will open an easy Communication with several Mines of Coal, and with the several Places in the Petition mentioned, and will tend greatly to improve the Lands and Estates near and adjoining to the same, and will also be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir William Young be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring ?dded ,to in, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Mersey Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of Canal Exten-their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within *lonBlU-the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according Trent and to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors MerseyCanal of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain sented. Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom Queensferry the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and and Perth Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year RoadKiU, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- report ‘ cond, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth-, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queensferry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report it» his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Accounts

presented.

Vessels arrived at the West Indies from Africa.

Slaves exported from the West Indies.

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Marine Mutiny Bill.

Report Expiring Laws.

412 18° Februarii. A. 1796.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage and Number of Men, which have arrived at the British West India Islands from the Coast of Africa during the last Four Years, with the Number of Slaves imported therein; distinguishing the Importation into each Island; and also,

An Account of the Number of Slaves that have been exported from the British West India Islands to Foreign Parts in the last Four Years; distinguishing the Island whence exported, and the Country, Colony, or Island, to which sent.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered. it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement " for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other " Purposes therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Nineteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs, of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, bath been continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, " and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British " Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject," which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the 1st Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the 1 st Day of June 1754, but, by Mistake, the Year 1747 was inserted therein, instead of the said Year 1754, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and in the Seventh, Fourteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735, until the 25th. Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and in the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-

first

3t> LrEO. 111.

icr jt'toruarn.

413

first, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament (except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for " the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time '* therein limited, and also for the free Importation of " Indigo," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734 for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and in the Seventh, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and " taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, Thirty-third, and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of " Quebec, in America, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1764, for the Term of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixth, Thirteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be . continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering " the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a " certain Rate, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by another Act, made in t:he Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for the further Term of Five 'Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act, by another Act,

Vox.. Cl.

made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, and continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, was continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual Encouragement of the Maqufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the 1st Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1796, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds

used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, " whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed " shall be above a certain Limit," which was to continue in Force for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum, shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 1st Day of April 1779, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued until the 5th Day of July 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act against clandestine Running of " uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat, and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on Board of Ships Outward bound, and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons, or under, and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the least, and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, respectively, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and in the Second, Eighth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

5 N Seventh

ill to amend same Act, jmmitted.

414 18 0 Februarii. . 1796.

Seventh, Fourteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the further Punishment " of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance " of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms " therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of " the Customs in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed, or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 24th Day of July 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth, Eleventh, Eighteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September. 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 1st Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several Acts, made in the Fourteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1st Day of June 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

'J'he First, Second, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Fourteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Third, Seventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the Third, Seventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Fourteenth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called ,"

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Douglas and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself iqto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsist-

© O

ence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. Ill, Cap. 13, as required by the 72d Section of the said Act; and also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the same, in the Year ended the 1 oth Day of October 1795, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The

Bill for more effectual Execution of Election Acts, ordered.

Committee on Vote of Credit Bill.

Innkeepers Bill, passed.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, passed.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, passed.

Account of all Additions to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, & c. to be printed.

ie

36 Geo. III. 18° Febrna415

Committee The House was moved, That the Resolution which, on Motion for upon the ist Day of M 1792, was reported from the Abolition of Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the Slave to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of Trade. the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, from and after the 1st Day of " January 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any " African Negroes into any British Colonies or Plantations."

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited;

And the Question being proposed, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {® } 6?'

Tellers for the Noes, {Smith: } 93-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Motion for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited.

And Sir William Dolben moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Wilberforce,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, and Mr.

Serjeant Adair, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- statement* Suant to their Orders, and Accounts

A Statement of the Temporary Barracks hired for „lat,n? the Use of the Public, specifying in or near what Places presented^ 0' they are situated, the Number of Men or Horses for which there is Accommodation in each, and the Rent paid by the Barrack Master General from 1st January 1790 to 1st December 1795: And also,

A Statement of Temporary Barracks for which no Rents have yet been paid: And also,

A List of Barracks erected on Ground leased to Government, with the Amount of the Annual Rent for the same: And also,

An Account of the Number of Infantry, or Cavalry, for which the several Barracks (mentioned in the Accounts presented to this House, and signed by Major General De Lancey, Barrack Master General) are to be provided: And also,

An Account of the Number of Infantry for which the several Barracks, in Guernsey and Jersey (mentioned in the Accounts presented to this House, and signed by Major General De Lancey, Barrack Master General) are to be provided.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15th of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament,

And the Titles of the said Statements, List, and Accounts were read.

The said Statements, List, and the Two First of the said Accounts, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Accounts is as followeth; viz.

S

1

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15th of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by C. Nesbitt, Inspector General of Foreign Corps on the Continent, for Public Services -To D°, drawn by J. Robinson, Deputy Paymaster at New Brunswick, for D° Service To D°, drawn by R. S. Milnes, Governor of Martinique, for D* Service -To D°, drawn by J. Wentworth, Lieut. Governor of Nova Scotia, for D° Service To D°, drawn by P. Le Mesurier, Lieut. Governor of Alderney, for D° Service To D°, drawn by Capt. D'Auvergne, Prince of Bouillon, Commandant at Jersey, for D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by W. Macarmick, Lieut. Governor of Cape Breton, for D° Service -

To D®, drawn by Jn° Small, Lieut. Governor of Guernsey, for D° Service.

To D°, drawn by E. Fanning, Lieut. Governor of St. John's, for D° Service -

To D°, drawn by Andrew Gordon, Commandant at Jersey, for D® Service -

To D°, drawn by His Royal Highness Prince Edward, Commandant at Halifax, for D®

Service ——

To D°, drawn by A. Brymer, Acting Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, for D° Service -To D®, drawn by G. P. Ricketts, Governor of Barbadoes, for D° Service -To D®, drawn by W. Lindsay, Governor of Tobago, for D° Service -

£. s. d. 60,081 12 — i,44B 15 7

101 ——

4,350 ——

7i 5 —

5,720 ——

165 19 4

3,196 ——

1,383 7 2,428 ——

2,220 ——

3,993 4 — 101 5 —

20 ——

Vox,. 51.

To

416

18° — 19°

onsidera-ion of a bounty on ^otatoeii, leterred.

Sheet Bridge, be. Ronds Bill, reported.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by J. Seton, Governor of St. Vincent's, for Public Services -To D*, drawn by J. Stanley, President of the Council at St. Kitts, for D° Service To D#, drawn by the Honourable R. Murray, Agent at Turk's Island, for D° Service -To D\ drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for D° Service -To D*, drawn by H. Hamilton, Governor of Dominica, for D° Service -To D*, drawn by the Earl of Balcarres, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for D* Service -To D°, drawn by H. Hamilton, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, for D* Service -To D*, drawn by Jn° Erskine, Superintendant, &c. of the Army serving in the Mediterranean, for D° Service ——

To D#, drawn by Sir G. Elliot, Bart Viceroy of Corsica, for D* Service -To D\ drawn by V. Jones, Commissary General to the Army in the Leeward Islands, for D° Service ——

To D#, drawn by Sir A. Williamson, K. B. Governor of St. Domingo, for D° Service To M. G. De Lancey, Barrack Master General, on Account, for the Erection of Barracks, and for the Supply of Barrack Stores and Forage for the Use of the Troops stationed therein ——

To J. Trotter, Esq; for Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces - £.27,234 17 — To D*, for D* Service ----- --- - 10,369 12 6

To D°, for Hospital Bedding for the Forces in St. Domingo - - 20,317 411

To Ja* Window, on Account, for Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals -To Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Acting Deputy in the West Indies, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army there ——

To Cash paid by Mr. Winslow, Acting D* in Canada, for D* of the Forces there, for One Quarter, to 24th Sept' i 795 ——

To D", paid by Mr. Brymer, Acting D° in Nova Scotia, for D° of the Forces there, for One Quarter, to D* -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Brook Watson, Esq; Superintendant, &c. of the Army serving on the Continent ——

A. 1796.

£. s. d. U544 12 1

359 15 9

648 ——

2,134 14 8 18,842 6 6

1,170 -

405 9 9

61,198 12 3 10,000 ——

12,000 ——

365,523 14 3

65,000 ——

57,921 14 5 5,000 ——

5,812 10 —

54,868 10 10

11,719 16 4

346,243 14 11

Towards which may be applied,

Cash received of Claude Scott, Esq; being the Produce of sundry Sales

of Com - -- £.195,000

Cash received of the Commissioners for detained Ships, in Re-payment of the said Sum advanced to them, for the Pay of the Crews of sundry Dutch Ships ----- --- - 25,000

18th Febr 1796.

W. Windham.

1,105,673 19 1°

220,000 ——

885,673 19 i°

Ordered, That the said Statements, List, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Statements, List, and Accounts, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a Bounty to encourage the Cultivation of Potatoes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 19* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III. U Regis, 1796. Praters.

SIR William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the

3

Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Petersfield, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr.. Henry Duncombe presented to the House, ac- Skipton cording to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Road Bill, Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Pre*ntei» Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to,

near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilion with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wctherby, in the West Riding

36 Geo. III.

19° Februarii.

417

of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member added to bring in Tysoe Inclosure Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John M be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish, Hamlets, and Liberties of Middle Tysoe, otherwise Church TysoeUpper Tysoe, and Lower Tysoe, otherwise Temple , in the County of Warwick.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgk Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tysoe Inclosure Bill, presented.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition,

reported.

Hockerton, Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Kirklington, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose &c. Roads Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton,' Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Milward being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads; and that a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, -manton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the several Parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, and Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for improving the Drainage of the Middle and " South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens " called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining,

" or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouse, in the County " of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the " Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and " for altering and improving the Navigation of the " said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau " Brink, in the Parish of W Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's " Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the " said River Ouze-," without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to,

Reymerstone. Letton, &c. Inclosure Bill.

Bill for extending Lau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Act.

Bill for A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

amending the posed, That the Bill for enabling the Company of Warwick and Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and for committed! amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant February, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation, was referred, might be again read.

-And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

'Vox.. 51.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Everton, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Scaftworth, Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- ing'nt *

selves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements Drainage within the several Parishes or Townships of Ever- Petition, ton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton, and rePorted-

Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Cartwright being examined, said, That there are, within the several Parishes or Townships mentioned in the Petition, divers Low Meadows or Marsh Grounds, Cars, Commons, and inclosed Grounds, which are subject to be overflowed or annoyed by Water for Want of proper Banks, Drains, and Outfalls, and are' capable of being very considerably improved, if effectually embanked and drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftxvorth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont be added to the Gen- Member add-tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a fd ‘° b*jns , Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the ^^hireoaks ' most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, Lord of the inclosure Manor of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and Bill. i

5 O the

418

19° Februarii.

A. 1796.

the humble Petition of the Reverend Hewett,

Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Skireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop aforesaid, and Impropriator of the great Tythes of Skireoaks aforesaid, and of Gatcford, in the said Parish of Worksop, Cornelius Rodes,

Esquire, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks aforesaid.

Gateford and Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according Shireoaks la- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill, Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the presente . Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

North Level Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, Drainage to whom the Petition of Francis Duke of Bedford, Petition, Lord of the Manor of and the humble Peti-

reporte . jjon of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and in other-

wise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and for laying Taxes on the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of was read;

whereby it appears, that the Lands and Grounds within the said North Level, are Yearly rated and assessed as follows; (that is to say) all the said Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as therein excepted) with aTax of Six Pence for every Acre; and the said Lands called Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, with a Tax of Three Pence ere: And, Mr. Thomas Steed Watson being examined, said, That

the said Taxes have been duly collected and applied, pursuant to the Direction, and for the Purposes of the said Act: Then,

Mr. John Gotobed being examined, said, That he is Deputy Register of the Bedford Level Corporation: That the Corporation have borrowed upon Bonds the Sum of 25,000l. being the whole Sum they are empowered to borrow on Account of the said North Level, which Money still remains due; that the Yearly Produce of the said Taxes and Revenues, after deducting the Interest of the said Debt, Officers Salaries, and other incidental Expences, amounts to the Sum of 944 /., which Sum is insufficient for the repairing, maintaining, and supporting the Works and Banks of the said Level: That for the maintaining of the Works absolutely necessary for the preserving and well draining of the said Lands, it is requisite that a further Tax should be laid upon those Lands, and that Power should be given to the said Corporation

to raise Money on the Credit of such additional Tax, for the more expeditious and complete Execution of the Works requisite: And,

Mr. Thomas Pear, the Superintendant of the said Banks and Works, being examined, said, That the Great Outring Banks of the said North Level, comprize a Distance of Twenty-five Miles and Six Furlongs, or thereabouts; and that the Annual Taxes and Revenues at present chargeable on the said Lands, are insufficient for the due maintaining, supporting, and executing the said Banks and Works, and of roding and cleansing the several Rivers and Drains belonging thereto, and very inadequate in Times of Flood of finding and providing Boats, Materials, and other Things necessary: — And being further examined, he said, That the Maintenance and Support of the said Banks and Works are essential to the Preservation of the said Lands, and that in order to maintain, support, and keep the same in Repair, it will be necessary to lay an additional Tax on the said North Level, and in otherwise Great Porsand; and for the better and more expeditious executing and completing the said Works, and preserving the said Banks, it will be requisite that the said Corporation of Bedford Level should have Powers given to them to borrow Money upon the Credit of the said additional Tax.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsatid, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level: And that Lord William Russell and Lord John Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and Wakefield other, public Passages and Places within and near to lighting, the Town of Wakefeld, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and committed. preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Plumerpresented to the House, according to Norton In-

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and closure Bill, Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and Presented* other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Wearmouth

the Bill for making, widening, altering, diverting. Bridge, &c. improving, and keeping in Repair, a convenient Car- RoadaJ?*11' riage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, report with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish of Whitburn, to the Market Place in the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.30 Geo. III. 19° .

419

Bill to enlarge Ramsgate Paving, &c. Act, presented.

Butleigh Inclosure Bill, presented.

Woollaving-ton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Cranford Bridge, Slough, &c. Roads Bill,

Petition to amend the Kington and Leominster Canal Act, reported.

Sir Edward Knaichbull presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching " the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill " of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for remov-

" ing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House, and holding a Public Market " in the said VillAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of W in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of King the Second,

and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined,. and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester, was read: And,

Vol. 51.

Mr. Jacob Wyles being examined, said, That the Company have proceeded in making the said Canal, but have met with many unforeseen Difficulties in carrying on the Work, which have occasioned a very great additional Expence from what was expected at the Time the said Act was passed, particularly in making a Tunnel at Putnal Field: That the said Company have expended nearly the Sum of 80,000l. in carrying on the Work, and find, that unless they have Power to raise an additional Sum of Money beyond the Sum they are authorized to do by the said Act, they cannot be able to complete the said Tunnel and Canal: And the Witness added, That some other Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act.

Mr. John Rennie being then examined, said, That he has surveyed the Works already done in Execution of the said Act, and finds that it will require a very considerable Sum of Money in order to complete the said Canal, in Addition to what the Company are authorized to raise by the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iq a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. Hunter do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rose, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with, with respect to the Notices directed to be given at the Quarter Sessions, and that Two Notices were given in The Salisbury and Winchester Journal, in the Month of September last, but that owing to a Miscarriage of the Letter sent by the Post to the Printer of the said Paper, the Third Notice was not inserted until the 5th of October last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Waring, Esquire, being examined, said, That there is at present no direct Communication (except by a Ferry) over the River Itchin, between Southampton, and the other Places mentioned in the Petition, which Ferry is at Times very dangerous, and frequently impassable.

That the building of a Bridge at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the said Town, to the opposite Shore, and the opening of public Roads to communicate therewith, will be of great Public Utility, and will, in a very essential Manner, contribute not only to the Advantage, Convenience, and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Southampton and

Rebenack a Nat. Bill, passed.

Old Stratford, &c. Road Bill, committed.

Northam Bridge Petition, reported.

Committee on Report of Petition for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Exeter.

Committee on Report of Petition for a Grant of Lands to Mr. Finch Hatton.

Committee on Report of Petition for a Grant of Lands to the Earl of Westmorland.

Elcombe Inclosure Bill, committed.

420 19® Febru' A. 17

its Neighbourhood, but to the Public in general, by opening a short, safe, and commodious Communication with the several Towns and Places leading thereto or communicating the rewith, and thereby preventing and avoiding the Delays, Difficulties, and Losses which have been so frequently experienced from the Danger, and sometimes the Impossibility of passing the said Ferry.

Anthony Munton, Esquire, confirmed the above Evi-

dence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Itchin at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Rose, Junior, and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Earl of Exeter, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Finch Hatton, Esquire, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Earl of Westmorland, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Manor of Elcombe which fe situate within the Parish of Wroughton, and within the Tything of Uffcott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Keene,

Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee, to Covent Gar-whom the Petition of the Rector, Church-wardens, and ^"Church Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Hardwick being examined, said, That the Parish

Church of Saint Paul, Covent Ga, and the Vestry

Rooms thereto adjoining, were, on Thursday the 17th

Day of September last, destroyed by Fire, and several of the Iron Rails inclosing the said Church, and the

Gates leading thereto were materially damaged; and

that the Inhabitants of the said Parish cannot raise the

Money necessary to defray the Expences of re-building

the said Church and Vestry Rooms, and of repairing

and reinstating the said Iron Rails and Gates, without the Aid of Parliament: And the Witness added, That

it will be necessary to make several Regulations relating to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish: And that the Lord Hood and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Crossford ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and amending the Road Bridge and leading from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the rir°irnft‘rf ' County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Thornton, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Farmanby, and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thom- Bidoaure ton, Farmanby, Ellerburn, and Kingthorp, within the ^n^re* Parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House re-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Sjourato

Monday.

Ordered, That the Earl of Morning ton be added to Member the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring *dded *° in, a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a BriHorAbo-Time to be limited. lition of Sieve

Trade.

A Bill for dividing allotting, and inclosing certain Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- Regulation*, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Regu-mon Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable lations and Orders which they have lately sent to their ijef granted and Waste Lands, lying and being in that patrt of the several Governments in India, as to the Relief which to Military

they Officer*,

J — J ----- x

ovocvto.

36 Geo. III.

19° — 22°

421

Vote of Credit fiili, reported.

they have granted to the Military Officers in their Service.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, deresolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ferre<1-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

which they had directed him to report to the House; House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Weeks;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called England

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Proceedings on Hill to amend Game Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Money received on the Loan of 1795, on the 12th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Money received for the Lottery of 1795, on the 12th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

an

Accounts ordered.

Money received on Loan, 1795.

D° for the Lottery of D°.

Land and

Malt Tax for Account of what Money had been issued on the Land D°- and Malt Tax for the Year 1795, on the 12th of Sep-

tember 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of w'hat Sums had been raised on the Vote of . Credit for 1795, on the 12th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the Public Service by the Bank of England, outstanding on the 12th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Vote of Credit for D°.

Money advanced by Bank.

Civil List.

Lnnce, 22° die Februarii;

Anno 36® Georgii IIIf,i Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and Powers SheetBridgo, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Portsmouth, Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, fielded* for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Bill, passed. Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petei'sfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His

Account of the Monies reserved for the Payment of present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing,

M10 ll'loi t.T 0 I 1 <ti I I iof rt>rvim nn jfn />r f"1 f' _ 1. _ _ __ J 1______*____ *_ D_____* i.1 T"> C__________ CT7 1

His Majesty's Civil List, from the 4th of January 1795 to the 12th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money actually paid to the different Departments payable from His Majesty's Civil List, from the 5th of January 1795 to the 12th of Septe/nber *795-

Middlesex The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Justices Bill, Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-ordered. jesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace " in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and " Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for " the more effectual Prevention of Felonies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making perpetual the said Act: And that Mr. Burton, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

vanced by the Bank, presented.

Ways and.

Means,

deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 51.

altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersjicld to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Newlatid, Account of from the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- Money »d land, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the Public Service by the Bank of England, and outstanding on the 12th of September 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lord* Simeon: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Mullins Di-dissolve" the Marriage of William Townsend Mullins,

Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Pur-

5 P poses

vorce Bill.

mt 11° tebruam. . l fm

poses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill read. And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Beighton In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and committed' ^a8^e Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

t<m, in the County of ,was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Eatt firidg-Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other g|^In^sum unioclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bridg in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-pont, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

Perth Roads Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom Bill, reported, the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of foe Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Aberdeen A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable commiued ^ana^ from Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of

tom Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of in the Parish of

Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ferguson, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Queensferry An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the and Perth Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-

Road Bill, sjxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

nassed. o «/ / o o

the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North ferry, in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queensferry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that foe Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of foe Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, foe said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queensferry.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ererton, Mr. Pier report presented to foe House, according Scaftworib, to Order, a Bill for foe more effectually embanking, nenfand^* draining, preserving, and improving, certain low Lanas Drainage and Grounds lying and being in foe several Parishes Jill, present- and Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, on the

* Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of

Ellesmere Canal Deviation Bill (from Franckton Common) presented.

Mr. Keene reported from the Committee, to whom Montgomeiy the Bill for rendering effectual an Act, of foe Thirty- &c. Poor Bill, second Year of His present Majesty, for the better rePortei Relief and Employment of foe Poor of foe Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, mid the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to foe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at foe Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at " Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey at or near Netherpool, in foe County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain " Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of foe said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherry-mans Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Game Act, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second defermi-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

"An Act for the better.Preservation of the Game in " that Part of Great Britain called England."

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Cheswardine Commons and Waste Lands within foe Parish of Inclosure Cheswardine, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to foe House, Snenton In-according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and closure Bill, inclosing, foe Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- Pre6ented mons, and Waste Lands, within foe Parish of Snenton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was Received.; and read foe First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time.

An

Colne and Blackburn Road Bill, paaied.

Bill to vary the Line of the Somerset-shire Coal Canal Navigation, See. committed.

Blunbam and Northiil Inclosure Bill, reported.

Somersbam Heath, &c. Inclosure BiH, reported.

36 Geo. III.

22° Februarii.

423

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburnin the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of''Ryder, W obVitife ‘Doubts respecting Carriages having Wheels of different Breadths.

And the said Clause'Was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put 'thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone " Roads, from the several Collieries in the County of " Somerset, to communicate with the intended Rennet " and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Adams, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunhamand Northiil, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Cottage, who refused to give her Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Number of Cottages, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, are 63, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parish of fVoodhurst, and also the other Commonable Lands Within the said Parish, Was committed!

Mr. John Pitt accordingly 'reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and? found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative' to Bills of Inclostife, had been complied with; and' that foe Committee had considered the Petition of* Henry Grace, Proprietor of an Estate in the Parish of" Woodhurst, in the Cotfnty of Hantingdoh; attcTalffo/ the Petition of Thomas Woollaston White, Of Walling-' Vol. 61.

wells, in the Courity of Nottingham, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Slope, otherwise Sleepe, in the Parish -of 'Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, referred to their Consideration, and had heard the Petitioners l^y their ‘Counsel; and that the Committee had.,-examined the Allegations of the Bill,. and found (tl^e -same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction ,of the Committee (except the Owners of 6 Common Rights and 219 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 2 Common Rights, who were ill and could not be spoke with; and also, except the Proprietors of Common Rights and 201 Acres, who were applied to, but gave no Answer; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed amounts'to 6,190 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 463 Common Rights); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to fop House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for charging certain Lands with an Annual Payment in lieu of Rights of Common.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported Bill for a from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Grant of was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry ter, ordered. Earl of Exeter, was referred, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs, and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of West hay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

And Sir William Dolben moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest, remaining ip His Majesty* in and upon the Haye or Walk, of Westhay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon. a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lands to Mr. Finch Hatton, ordered.

Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported Bill for a from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Grant of was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Finch Hatton, Esquire, was referred, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, Esquire, his;

Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon foe Lawn of Benefieldand foe Bailiwick of.

Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in foe County of Northampton, upon a. full and adequate (Consideration (o be paid for the same.. , \

And Sir William: Dolben moved foe House accord*

defect, That Leave be given to- bring in a Bill to

enable

424

22° Februarii. 1796.

enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Dickins, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for a Sir William Dollytn, according to Order, reported Lands‘o the ^rom Committee of the whole House, to whom Earl of West- was referred to consider of the Report, which was

morland, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

ordered. John Earl of Westmorland, was referred, that he was directed by the Committee to move the Hopse, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upod a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

And Sir William Dolben moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of ffestmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. and Mr.

Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to com- Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac-jilete the Leo- cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to

.[Navigation, - . , . , A o

presented. finish and complete the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leeds and Mr. Lase.elles reported from the Committee, to whom Road°Bilf ^e for continuing the Term, and altering and reported. ' enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of w as committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Level Lord William Russell presented to the House, ac-Dramage cording to Order, a Bill for laying an additional Tax ecJ ' l'resen" upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North

Level: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ridge-mont, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Comptrollers, and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames between Gravesend and Windsor, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Black to the said Docks in Waj/ping; and setting forth, that the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, consist of Ten thousand Persons, and upwards, many of them having numerous Families, and the Whole of their Subsistence is drawn from the Navigation of Boats and Vessels upon the said River, and if the said Bill should be permitted to pass into a Law, the Boats and Vessels of the Petitioners employed upon the said River will be rendered, in a great Measure, useless, and a great Majority of the Petitioners, and their numerous Families, deprived of the Means of Subsistence; and that, by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, the Petitioners are empowered to appoint a certain Number of Watermen to ply upon the said River between

Vau.rhall, above London Bridge, and Limehouse, upon the Lord's Day, and the Overplus of the Earnings of such Watermen are directed by the said Act to be applied to the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen and Lightermen, of the said Society and Company, and their Widows, and that, by the Overplus of the Earnings of such Watermen so plying on the Lord's Day, upwards of Five hundred aged and necessitous Persons are now, and have been for some Time past, Annually relieved; and that the greater Part of the Earnings of such Watermen, so plying on the Lord's Day, arise from the carrying of Seamen and other Persons on Board the Vessels lying in the said River, but if the said Bill should pass into a Law, such Earnings will be wholly lost to the Petitioners, and the numerous Objects of Distress which are supported by the said Charity will be thereby deprived of its Relief and Assistance: That, for several Years last past, the Average Number of Apprentices bound into the Service of the Petitioners amounts to Three hundred and upwards Annually, and the Petitioners have Reason to believe that the Annual Number of such Apprentices would be reduced to less than Fifty if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that, in the Course of the present War, near Four thousand Men have been furnished from the Body of the Petitioners, who are now serving, either as impressed Men or Volunteers, in His Majesty's Navy, and, if the Petitioners should be compelled to desert their Employments, by the passing of the said Bill

Ridgemont Inclosure Bill, presented.

Maulden Inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition from the Watermen's Company against London Docks, &c. Bill.

36 Geo. III. 22° Februam.' T3S

into a Law, and if the Number of their Apprentices should be reduced as before stated, the Public would sustain an essential Injury in the Destruction of One of its best Nurseries for Seamen: And therefore pray-ffflun ing that they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or

Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at f the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Actsrespeet- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Labourc-re^rS' Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, &c. to be ' " An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers,

considered. " Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in ask the First Year of the Reign of King James the First,

intituled, "An Act made for the Explanation of the lf1' " Statute, made in the Fifth Year of the late Queen

" Elizabeth's Reign, concerning Labourers," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Acts be taken into Consider-[ ation upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 1st Day of

March next.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take '' consider l° *nto Consideration the Standing Orders of this House

£ Standing Or- relative to Turnpike Road Bills; and that they do

1‘ ders relative report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the

11 Ba[8urnpike House:

8* And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Thomas

Stanley, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Air. Pitt, Mr.

Hobart, Mr . John Smyth, Alr.-jRo//e, Mr. Adams, Mr.

Abbot, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Boone,

Air. Robinson, Mr. Sir William Dolben, Air.

1 Coke, Mr. Peel, Mr Air. Dottglas, Mr. Baker,

Mr. Powys, Mr. Air. Baring, Lord William

Russell;and all the Knights for Shires; Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Alorning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill for the Air. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Abolition of to Order, a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, T^ade*1 rn-e at a *me to *)e limited: And the same w as received; teI3ted. 6 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 3d Day of March next. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A

It-

ual

1*;

[0®

ivot

}e

0

into

Ex- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were Vw--»gLws. appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British made Spirits Vol.5I.

" from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to " England, for a limited Time," as imposes Duties on Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, which was to continue in Force until the 1st Day of December 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent the " Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster " adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint " Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part

" of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of September 1746 for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was continued by several Acts, passed in the Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and was amended and further continued by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read, a Second Time, was postponed.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Resolution of the said Committee, which has been agreed to by the House: And that Air. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways- and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed!

Air. Dent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Stainforth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Stainfoi'lh produced to your Committee an Account of the Profit of his Office, which he has held for Three Years, from August 1792 to August 1795, by which it appeared, that the Annual Average Profit has been 586/. 7$. arising from Thirty-eight YVrits in each Year, which Account is hereunto annexed. And Mr. Stainforth stated to your Committee, that in the said Sum is included Alileage upon the Carriage of Writs, and also 78/. 45. for the Carriage of Four Proclamations to Edinburgh, amounting to 38.5/. 7s. and the 51. 5 s. given upon the Delivery of each Writ, as Fees amounting to 201 /.

Besides the above Sum of 586/. 7 he receives from the Hanaper Office the Sum of 276/., for summoning a new Parliament in England and Scotland; which, on the Supposition that a Parliament exists Six Years, amounts to 46 I.per Annum, which being

5 Quadded

Mr. Stain-forth's Petition, reported; |

426 22° FebruariL A. 1796.

added to the Sum of 586/. 7 makes the Sum of 632/. 7 8.his Average Annual Income, exclusive of

Fees he may receive on a General Election, and which if estimated according to the Rate hitherto received, and supposing a new Parliament is chosen every Six Years, will produce an Increase to his Income of above 480/. each Year; but this Part of his expected Income he has not yet had an Opportunity to ascertain, no General Election having intervened since he has held the Office. Exclusive of the Fees above-mentioned, his Deputy has always received 2/. 2 on every Writ, for his own Use.

Mr. Stainforth also acquainted your Committee, That wdien he came into his Office, he found the Fees arbitrary and extravagant to such a Degree as to occasion great Complaint, which he has reduced to a fixed, and

what he trusts has been considered as a moderate Rate; and assured your Committee of his perfect Acquiescence to any Regulations which the Legislature, for the beneficial Regulation of the Office, should think fit to make, expressing at the same Time a Hope, that if it should be thought proper to leave the Office of Messenger of the Great Seal, as far as respects the Delivery of Parliamentary Writs, subject to a real and bond side. Responsibility, the Legislature would take into their Consideration the Propriety of an increased Allowance under the Head of Mileage; and if, with the same View of Public Benefit, it should be thought right to regulate the Office upon any other Plan, they would consider what Compensation the Office may properly receive on Account of the Circumstances before-mentioned.

An ACCOUNT of the Profit, for Three Years, of the Office of Messenger attending the Great Seal, upon the Delivery of Writs of Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

August 1792 to 1793 — 32 Writs, at 5/. 5$. each -

Received for Mileage August 1793 to 1794 — 37iWrits, at 5/. 5 each -

Received for Mileage August 1794 to 1795 — 46 Writs, at 5/. 5 each -

Received for Mileage

at 19/. 11s. each

£. s. d.

168

- 369 3 —

- 194 5 —

- 288

- 241 10 —

- 420

'gh,

1 OO In

1 £. L759 2 "

580 7 —

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Committee of Ways and Means.

j

1

; 1

ii

1:

1 *

j Vote of Credit Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred

thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Weeks."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now '* stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [J'j; j££'; J ,02.

Teller, for the Noes, . } 25-

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill lie now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Report which, Debate on upon the 9th Day of this Instant February, was made f ecti'netlie from the Select Committee, wdio were appointed to Loan, ad-enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of journed. the late Loan, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

36 Geo. III.

22° — 23°

427

.Account of Money advanced by the Bank, to be printed.

Supply,

deferred.

Butleigh Inclosure Bill, committed.

WoolIaving-ton Inclosure Bi'l, committed.

posed. That it appears to this House, That the Principle of making Loans for the Public Service, by free and open Competition, uniformly professed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has been very generally recognized as affording the fairest Prospect of Public Advantage;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Amount of Money advanced for the Public Service by the Bank of , and outstand-

ing on the 12th of September 1795, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 23° die Februarii;

Anno 36" Georgii III. U Regis, 1796. Praters.

ABI L L for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Grenville, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Grenville, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Thor~*-» ton, Farm nby, Ac. 1 r m closure Hill, commillecJt _

Pt\wu\>rtikcr3 Bill, presented.

by. Vdf to I'"

0"

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerburn, and Kingthorp, within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the Coupty of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mairrwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," as was not repealed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third If ear of His present Majesty's Reign: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Petition from Water Works and Water Houses in was pre- Waxworks

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Company Petitioners are the Proprietors of certain Water Works against Lon-and Water Houses established in the Parish of Saint ‘Jon P?.^3' Paul. Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, which c" 1 Works have been carried on under the Authority of an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to the present Time, and the said Parish, and several other Neighbouring Parishes, have been supplied with Water from the said Works by Means of Engines, Pipes, and Cisterns, erected and laid for the Passage and Conveyance of it, to the great Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and at the great Expence and Risk of the Petitioners and their Predecessors; and that the said Works have been found to be of great Public Utility, upon the Success whereof depends the Health and Comfort of many Thousands of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for making Wet Docks,

Basons, Cuts, &c. and for other Purposes, in the said Parish of Shadwell, and other Parishes adjoining thereto,

and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very much injured in their Property. their Works destroyed, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood deprived of their Comforts, and be put to the greatest Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackmail to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for making, widening, altering, Weannoutli diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair a con- Bridge, &-c. venient Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Roa<1* Blll> Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road, in the Parish pa*e of Whitburn, to the Market Place in the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 7. After " aforesaid,'' to insert " or of any " other of the Exemptions from Toll " herein contained."

Pr.26.1.12. To leave out from " Inches," to the End of 1. 15.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South Shields all in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according Streetway, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Wolver-certain Acts of Parliament, made for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and War- presented.' wick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called Streetway, in the County of Stafford, through

Wolverhampton,

kc.

428

23° Febfu

A. 1796.

Tysoe Inclosure Bill, committed.

Cross ford Bridge and Altrincham Road Bill, committed.

Petition against Top-sham and Taunton Canal Bill.

tVolverhampton, to the High Street opposite The Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree,

near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick: And the same wae received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, &c»: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Saint John, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Lessees of Fulling and other Mills on the River Exe, and Dyers and other Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in and near the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe, near the Town of in

the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making cerain Cuts from the said Canal; and Setting forth, That the said Mills are held by the Petitioners, some of them by Leases for Years determinable on the Deaths of Lives, others for long Terms of Years absolute, and some at Yearly Rack Rents, and notwithstanding the River Culm now flows into the Exe, the Supply of Water is very frequently insufficient for the Petitioners said Mills, particularly in the Summer Months; and that, if the Company of Proprietors of the said intended Canal should bo permitted to take Water from the said River Culm, it will be highly prejudicial and injurious to the Petitioners Property, and tend to the Ruin and Decay of the Woollen Trade carried on in and near the City of Exeter: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Gateford and A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, fiJnreoaks in- Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships committed. of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County, of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition nif\ing that Notices had been given of the Application for Folkestone Paving, &c* Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto -subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the nth Day of December last, Notices were given in the Newspaper called The Kentish Gazette, on Three different Days in the Months of December and January last past, and that Notices were also given, at the last Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Kent, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving and cleansing the Town of Folkestone, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of May 1791, relative to paving, lighting, and cleansing, Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Mr.

Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Bill to

Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enlarge

intituled, "An Act for the better paving, cleansing,

.: ,. , . , raving,

" repairing, lighting, and Matching, the Highways, Act, com Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in mitted.

" the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing " Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House,

" and holding a Public Market, in the said Vill," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Eduard Knalchbull, Mr. Honywood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

considered.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Bepnrt on the 12th Day of this Instant February, w as made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to vary and alter the t|)C Newbury Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, and Bath passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Canal Act, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a &c‘lurtl, er " Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near " the Town of Nezcbury, in the County of Berks, to the " River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also " certain Navigable Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this-House, upon the 15th Day of this Instant February, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Company of Proprietors to purchase Lands,

02 and

36 Geo. III. 23° Febr429

Montgomery, &c. Poor Bill, paaied.

Pertenhall Inclosure Bill withdrawn; and another ordered.

Pertenhall

inclosure

Bill, pro*

ented-

and to re-convey Part thereof, which may not be found necessary, without incurring the Penalties of the Statute of Mortmain.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford, was not prepared according to the Order of Leave for preparing, and bringing in, the same;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. St. John presented, to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2cJ Day of March next.

appoint- Ordered, That the Bill to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in Nev^/bury the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present

and Bath Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable

Can ^1Act, (janal from the River Kennet, at or near the Town

*iC- " of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River

" Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain " Navigable Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, be read the Third Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill to amend A Bill to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of; ^'S Present Majesty, for making and maintaining a

'3 Ll Act, Navigable Canal from Merthyr to and through

committed, a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lover Layer, below the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Vol. Si.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury, Sir Watkin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Leeds and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several par‘.°Sa,tf Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth p^tTj '

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George y the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hood presented to the House, according to Covent Gar-Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint den Church Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, B^l present-in the County t of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish: And the same was . received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Grandbo-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and ro"| other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the seve- Apothecaries ral Apothecaries, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Petition raw-hid! was presented to the House upon the nth Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. W Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Aberdare Canal Petition Navigation, within the County of Glamorgan, was a?'ainst the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That 'he Glamor-the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that a Bill is ganshireCa-depending for granting further Powers to the Pro- nal Act. prietors of the Glamorganshire Canal Navigation, many of which Powers, if obtained, will tend considerably to lessen the Interest of the said Aberdare Canal Navigation, and the Proprietors thereof: And therefore

5 R praying,

m

23® FebruariL

FI. 1 |

oe Inclo-. Bill,

imitt&d.

'etition gninst Top-hum and Taunton Canal Bill.

Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite 0/</ Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Wamuck: And the same wae received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition sig* thereunto -subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of nifungtliut Folkestone, in the County of Kent, and its Environs, was Notices had presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, t^A^hca-That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on tion for the 11th Day of December last, Notices were given in Folkestone the Newspaper called The Kentish Gazette, on Three &c* different Days in the Months of December and January 1 ‘ last past, and that Notices were also given, at the last Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving and cleansing the Town of Folkestone, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of May 1791, relative to paving, lighting, and cleansing, Bills: And therefore That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

ossford idge and itrincham oad Bill,

praying, Inat Leave may be given to bring m a for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means,

tv„ c , ,. ..T, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under such

A ftll for repamng and I amend, og the Road leading [t u|ulk)lls and Resttictions> M 'U,e House shall from Crossjord Bridge, within Stretford, in the County b 9

UVvlIl iUvvl*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Mr.

Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe,

Mr. Saint John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Lessees of Fulling and other Mills on the River Exe, and Dyers and other Persons concerned in

the Woollen Manufacture in and near the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe, near the Town of in

the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making cerain Cuts from the said Canal; and Setting forth. That the said Mills are held by the Petitioners, some of them by Leases for Years determinable on the Deaths of Lives, others for long Terms of Years absolute, and some at Yearly Rack Rents, and notwithstanding the River Culm now flows into the Exe, the Supply of Water is very frequently insufficient for the Petitioners said

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Bill to Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, enlarge intituled, "An Act for the better paving, cleansing, p^viugte. " repairing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Act, com Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in mitu-d.

" the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing " Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House,

" and holding a Public Market, in the said Vill," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Knalchbull, Mr. Honyxcood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Report

- ' Bill to vary

tin* Line of

Gateford and Jiliireoaks Inclosure Bill committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Galeford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County, of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making

" Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at or near " the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the " River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also " certain Navigable Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 15th Day of this Instant February, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Company of Proprietors to purchase Lands,

02 and

&c. further considered.

Mills, particularly in the Summer Months; and that, if the 12th Day of this Instant was made from the Company of Proprietors of the said intended Canal the Committee, to whom the Bill to vary and alter the Should be permitted to take Water from the said River Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, a.,d'ik.th Culm, it will be highly prejudicial and injurious to the passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Canal Act, Petitioners Property, and tend to the Ruin and Decay ~‘ f

of the Woollen Trade carried on in and near the City of Exeter: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law', or that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

36 Geo. III.

£3° Februarii.

429

and to re-convey Part thereof, which may not be found necessary, without incurring the Penalties of the Statute of Mortmain.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Montgomery, &c. Poor Bill, pasted.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury, Sir Watkin Lewes,: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Leeds and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several „1 Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth '

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pertenhall Notice being taken, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, ud another Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish ordered. of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford, was not prepared according to the Order of Leave for preparing, and bringing in, the same;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hood presented to the House, according to Covent G»r-Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Church

Wednesday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, Present*

Pertenhall Inclosure Bill, pretented.

upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John be added to the Gentlemen tvho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

in the County, of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Grandbo-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the seve- Apothecaries

ral Apothecaries, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Petition re-- - - ferred to a

sure Bill, committed.

upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2(J Day of March which was presented to the House upon the nth Day

Day appointed Tor 3d Heading Newbury and Bath Canal Act, &c.

next.

Ordered, That the Bill to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable " Canal from the River Keimct, at or near the To\vn " of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River " Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain u Navigable Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, be read the Third Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next, if the said Bill shall

Bill to amend the Glamorganshire Canal Act, committed.

be then ingrossed.

A Bill to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvilc to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower l,ayer, below the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 51.

of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wiglcy, Mr. Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Abcrdare Canal Petition Navigation, within the County of Glamorgan, was a"r‘undt the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ^oiamor-the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that a Bill is ganshlreCa-depending for granting further Powers to the Pro- nal Act. prietors of the Glamorganshire Canal Navigation, many of which Powers, if obtained, will tend considerably to lessen the Interest of the said Abcrdare Canal Navigation, and the Proprietors thereof: And therefore

5 R Pra>'in&

23° Februarii.

430

A. 1796.

praying, That they may be heard, by their Committee, their Counsel, and Solicitors, respecting such further Powers contained in the before-mentioned Bill now pending in the House.

Petition A Petition of the thereunder-signed Land Owners,

Mhoamend an<^ ot^ers> affected by the Canal from Merthyr to Car-the Glamor- diff, in the County of was also presented to

ganshireCa- the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act of xial Act Parliament having been obtained by a certain Company of Proprietors for cutting a Canal from Merthyr to Cardiff aforesaid, the same hath accordingly been cut, and made navigable, from Merthyr to and below the said Town of Cardiff; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that the said Company of Proprietors have offered their Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers by the present Act granted, and for other Purposes, which, the Petitioners are advised and conceive, if obtained, will be highly injurious to their Properties and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Interests of the Petitioners, or have such further and other Relief in the Premises as shall seem reasonable and just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Loiver Layer, below the said Town, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Reimer's Nat. Bill, reported.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Christian was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Runkel'# An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill, for naturalizing John Justus was read a Second

committed. Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Marshland Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, Drainage and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose ^Petition ^ames are thereunto subscribed being Owners and reported. ' Proprietors of Messuages or Houses, or Tofts, having Rights of Common upon and over certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage and Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it iappeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Bean being examined, said, That there are within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, certain large Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, containing together, by Estimation, 8,oooo Acres, or thereabouts, bounded and described as in the Petition is mentioned: And that the Owners and Proprietors of certain ancient Commonable Messuages or Houses, or of Tofts (being the Scites of ancient Commonable Messuages or Houses) are respectively entitled to Rights of Common in, over, and upon the same. —

And being further examined, he said, That the said Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, for Want of a proper and effectual Drainage, are of little Benefit to the several Persons having Rights of Common in, over, and upon the same; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Parties interested, if the said Tracts of Common and Waste Lands were drained, '

inclosed, divided, and allotted among the several Parties, according to their Rights and Interests therein:

And the Witness added, That it would be of Advantage to the Parties interested, if the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing of the said Smeeth and Fen were regulated and stinted until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk; and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Mr.

Hobart, and Mr. Charles Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Norton In-Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, closure Bill, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the commitui Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- Petition in alty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, Favour of the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ^Taunton That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Pe- Bridge-tition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and water, &c. others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- Canal Bill, half of themselves and others, hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Avon, at or near a Place called Morgan's Pill (therein described) to or near the River Tone, at or near Taunton, in the County of Somerset, with certain Cuts, Carriage Ways, Roads, and other Accommodations, therein mentioned and described; and that the Petitioners have considered of such proposed Undertaking, and are of Opinion, that the same will be of great Public Utility, as well to the City of Bristol as to the Country through which the said Canal and Cuts are proposed to be made; and the Petitioners having seen a printed Copy of the Bill intended to be offered to Parliament, they have proposed to the Petitioners for such Bill the Insertion therein of some Clauses and Modifications for saving the Rights, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, of the City of Bristol, and of others, to be affected thereby, which the Petitioners in Favour of the said Bill have assented

to

36 Geo. III.

23° Februarii.

431

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for in-demni fying Governors, &c. in the West India Islands.

Petition from the Corporation of London against London Docks, &c. Bill

to as just and reasonable: And therefore praying, That a Bill for making the said Navigable Canal, Cuts, Ways, and other Accommodations, with such Clauses and Modifications as above-mentioned, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping and Setting forth, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by virtue of, and under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, have had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies in, upon, and about, the Water of Thames (that is to say), from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and towards the East unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called Kendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yenleet, towards the Sea and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them, and also, for all the Time aforesaid, have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office of Bailiff; and that, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it has flourished for a great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London, and the Kingdom in general, would, in a very material Degree, be removed to a new Scite, out of the Controul and Superinten-dance, as well as out of the Care and Protection of the Petitioners; and that such Removal would not only be a Violation of the ancient Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the most ruinous and distressing Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whose Property, or the Profits of whose Labour and Industry, in a great Measure depend on the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being continued to be carried on within the Limits Vo i.. 51.

and Jurisdiction of the said City That the Petitioners and their Predecessors, ever careful of the Rights and Welfare of their Fellow Citizens, and anxious to accommodate, promote, and increase, the Trade and Commerce of the City of London, have, from Time to Time, devised, and offered to execute, Plans conducive to those Ends, and actuated by these Motives, as well as in Consequence of divers Applications made to them in that Respect, have formed a Plan for increasing the Accommodation of the Port of London, which by the Aid and Authority of Parliament, they have Reason to believe may be carried into Execution, without the Necessity of creating a new Corporation, or other expensive Establishment, without Injury or Inconvenience to Individuals, and without infringing on the ancient Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or bur-thening the Trade of the said Port to the Extent proposed by the said Bill, and the Petitioners pledge themselves to the House to bring forward, and if duly enabled, to carry those Plans into Execution; and that as, by carrying of the Petitioners Plan into Execution, the Public at large would derive every Benefit and Accommodation which the Commerce of London can require at a moderate Expence, and perfectly consistent with the Safety of its Shipping, and the Security of the Revenue, and, as the Petitioners do not thereby take, or mean to take, any Emolument or Advantage to themselves, they rely on the Justice of the House that no new Corporation shall be established, as proposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for giving further Encouragement for " the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Turposes therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Nineteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes

Report Ways and Means.

Expiring

Laws.

43V

chandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs, of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and' in the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force

from the 25th Day of March 1735 until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and in the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament (except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the " Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time '* therein limited, and also for the free Importation of u Indigo," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734 for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's ' Reign, and in the Seventh, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, " and taking off the Duties on the Importation of " Foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several sub-

miant. A. 17 y 6.

sequent Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, Thirty-third, and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak " Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed " a certain Rate, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act, by another Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, and continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, was continued for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great ," which

was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the 1st Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1796, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other " Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country " whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British " Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit," which was to continue in Force for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum, shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships . on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 1st Day of April 1779, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued until the 5th Day of July 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 1st Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several Acts, made in the Fourteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the

1st Day

36 Geo. III. 23°- — 24° Februarii. 4*33

ist Day of June 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Expiring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law*. That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, " and the Exportation of made Spirits from

" England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, " for a limited Time," as imposes Duties on Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, which was to continue in Force until the 1st Day of December 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

" Governors in Council at Fort Saint George and Bombay,

" dated 15th January 1796, containing the Regulations " lately established for the Company's Army in India."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bounties to ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Masters and House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships tobeconsi-' employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast dered. of Africa.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Bill for regu ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping siav^es^de-and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast ferred.' of Africa.

General In- Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according closure to Order, a Bill for facilitating the Division and In-

presented. closure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement

among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Bill for allow- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ing Costs in allowing Costs, at the Discretion of the Court, in Cases demeanors *" Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cases &c. ordered, of Felony; and also, for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, w'hether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants; and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases: And that Mr. Henniker Major and Sir George Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to amend to reso^ve into a Committee of the whole House, Game Act. upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in " that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Letters sent The House being informed, that Mr. Owen, from tainilf^Re" the Directors of the East India Company, attended at lationffo^the the D°°r > be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Company's to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Army, Pre- A Paper, intituled, " Copy of Letters from the seated. << Court of Directors of the East India Company, in the Military Department, to the Governor General " in Council at Fort William in Bengal, and to the Vol. 51.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Traders, and Petition in principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, favuur oi in the County of Devon, and its Vicinity, was pre- ^^aunton seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the canal Bill. Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from Taunton to Topsham, with a Branch to Custompton: And praying That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the Parish of Wellington and its Vicinage, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from Taunton to Topsham, with a Branch to Wellington: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward Knalchbullreported from the Committee, Petition to to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose amend Deal Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners Paving, &c. for executing an Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, Act> reported the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and also Owners and Inhabitants of Houses within the said Town and Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Charles Darby, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined, said, That they have proceeded in the

5 S Execution

434

Execution of the said Act, but find that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is sufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof; and that in Order effectually to enable the Commissioners to fulfil the Intentions of the said Act it will be necessary that Power should be given them to raise a further Sum of Money, and, in other Respects, to explain and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, paving, " and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, " within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the " County of Kent, and for removing and preventing " Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances thereinAnd that Sir and Mr. Hony-wood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Folkestone Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee,

Paving, &c. to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

lull, ordered. jg-anies are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of , and its

Environs, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Reynolds produced to your Committee, the printed Newspaper called The Kentish Gazette, of the 29th of December, and the 1st and ,5th of January last; wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving and cleansing the Town of Folkestone, are inserted, pursuant to the Leave granted by the House on the 11th of December last; and being examined, said, That Notice of the said Application was affixed on the Sessions House Door, at the old Castle at Canterbury, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions for the County of Kent.

The House was moved, That the Report, Which, upon the llth Day of December last, w as made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of and its

Environs, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of Folkestone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Edward Knatchbull and Mr. Honyzcood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

"opsham and The Order of the Day being read, for the Second faunton Ca- Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable Canal iJtted*' C°m" from ^ie River Exe, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making Navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal;

And the House being informed, that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 16th Day of this Instant February, and Yesterday, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, and Agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, i Mr. Buller, Scc.: And they are to meet this After-

_ noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A. 1796.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, against refer-in Chamber assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of this Instant February, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Council, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Petition Grand Junction Canal was presented to the House, and ^inst read; Taking Notice of the Bill for authorizing the fmending the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Brauns ton Warwick and Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part Bmunston of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Canal AcU Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law , the same will be very injurious to the Petitioners:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer'sNat. Reimer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Bill to amend

Order, a Bill for altering, varying, and amending, an the Old Mai-Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of Act^e^nt-His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, 'pr<S* and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Petition from Uxbridge, was presented to the House, and read; Taking the Earl of Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors Uxbridge of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to ?|P‘"ts^e make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain MerseyCan&l Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Extension Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to tile Town of BlU-Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is sole Owner and Proprietor of the Navigation of such Part of the River Trent as lies between Burton and Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law it will be very injurious to the Petitioner's Property: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition

24° Febru

Petition Against the Trent and Mersey Canal Extension Bill.

Petition in Favour of Topsham and Taunton Canal Bill.

Blunham and Northill Inclosure Bill, passed.

Somersham Heath, &c. Inclosure Bill passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Dunton Bassett Inclosure Bill.

36 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

435

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of their Copartners, Lessees for Lives under the Right honourable Henry Earl of Uxbridge, of the Navigation of the River Trent, from WildenFerry, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, should such Bill pass into a Law, they shall be greatly injured in their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from Taunton to Topsham: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties, of DuntonBassett, in the County of Leicester-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to obviate a Doubt touching the Validity of certain Parts of an Award made in pursuance of an Act, of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, called Rothiccll Haig/t, within in the West

Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warxcick, and from Coventry to MartynsGutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warxcick, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great Wuol~ stone Inclosure Bill.

North wold

Inclosure Bill.

Bill to obviate a Doubt respecting the Rothwell Haigh Inclosure Act.

Coventry, Warwick, and Martyn's Gutter Road Bill.

The Lord* have passed Cortliym's Nat. Bill.

Bill read.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parish of and also

the other Commonable Lands within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 36. 1. 25. To leave out " Parishes," and insert " Parish" instead thereof.

1. 26. To leave out Somersham, and Pidley Fctiton."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and inclosing such Parts of the said Heath as shall be allotted to the Parishes of Woodhurst, Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and also the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n ®ou^s to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain burgeon* Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in of Slave the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be Ships, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable

Vol.

51.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to amen< Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Game Act, amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign rePorted-of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for die " better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read.; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A. 1796

11 to con-ue New-

mdland dicature Jt, passed.

iddlesex stices Bill, rented.

ibate on otion for lunton and idgewater, Canal ill, put off ( r three onths.

Vay» and

Jeans,

cferred.

Supply

leferred.

436 24° — 25° — 26° Februarii.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing " Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, " and the Islands adjacent," was reqd the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of " Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the " Islands adjacent."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Administration of the Office of a " Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties " of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of " Felonies: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Thursday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Avon, at or near a Place called Morgans Pill, in the Parish of Easton in Gordano, otherwise Saint George's, in the County of Somerset, to or near the River Tone, at or near the Township of Taunton, in the said County, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Three," and inserting the Word " Six " instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUere for the Noes, } M-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, up'on Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 25* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, House it appeared that Forty Members were not present; adjourned, yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr.

Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 36° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Runkel'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for naturalizing John Justus Runkel, was com- p^ed. ' *" mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Bill for com-from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the se- pj^'o^of veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Maidstone being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Paving, &c. Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Act> ordered, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets,

" Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within " the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of " Kent, for' removing and preventing Encroachments,

" Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein,

" for better supplying the said Town with Water, and " for repairing the Highways within the Parish of " Maidstone," was referred.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Stephen Lamprey produced to your Committee the London Gazettes of the 5th, 9th, and 12th of January, last, and also printed Newspapers, called The Kentish Gazette, of the 8th, 12th, and 15th of the said Month, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill to alter and amend the above-mentioned Act are inserted, pursuant to the Leave granted by the House upon the 23d Day of December last: And being examined, he said, That, agreeably to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House at Maidstone, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which,

K upon

36 Geo. III. 26° Februarii.

437

upon the 23d Day of December last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, " paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, " and other Public Passages and Places, within the " King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of " for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for " better supplying the said Town with Water, and " for repairing the Highways within the Parish of " Maidstone," was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, " improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages " and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, " in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and " Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said " Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways " within the Parish of Maidstone" to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr.

and Mr. Clement Taylor, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Balsall Inclo- Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, accord-sure Bill, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, presented. the several Commons and W aste Lands, within the Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors Birmingham of ^ie Warwick and Canal Navigation to

Canal Act, finish and complete the same, and for amending the Act reported. of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tc be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant February, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mirfield In- Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according closure Bill, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn-presented. mons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Petitions chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas: And £avo"r of

0 ' 0 London

also> Docks, &c.

A Petition of the Insurers of the City of London, Bill.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackmail to the said Docks in:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Barwick in

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Elnwt Inclo-

Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Wraste Grounds, *e„ted! ' within the Parish of Barwick inElmct, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Scredington

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill,

Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and PrMente Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of dington, in the County of Lincoln And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according Hockerton, to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Kirkhngton, Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His g'jj p°^nt. present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several ed. '

Roads near the Towns of Hocker

Southwell, Normanlon, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more effectually embanking, draining, Everton, preserving, and improving certain low Lands and ^^Embank Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes and ment and^* " Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, G ringlet/ on the Drainage Bill,

Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of A committed.

tingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering more Perth Road* effectual Two Acts, made in the Tw'enty-ninth and BUI, passed. Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do cart-y the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Navi- Poole and gable Channel, in the Harbour of Poole, in the County Widbrook of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Branches from the intended Canal, was read a Second Time.

5 T Resolved,

Macclesfield ind Congleton Road Pe-:ition, report-id.

Mienton In-fiosure Bill, committed.

Petition in "avour of Topsham and ^aunton Ca* al Bill.

laulden In-losure Bill, ommitted.

tidgemont

nclosure Bill,

ommitted.

Torth Level

)rainage Bill,

ommitted.

438 26° Februarii. . 1796.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the County Palatine of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the r.aid Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Bryan Grey being examined, said, That the Road from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, in the said County Palatine of Chester, is greatly out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and that if the same were properly amended, widened, turned, altered, and kept in Repair, it would be productive of great Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of

Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

wise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jekyll,

Sir John Thor old, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dudley North presented to the House, according Great Grim*-to Order, a Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, by Haven Bill, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Presented-Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Sherington Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Inclosure Bill, Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in committed-the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker,

Sir William Young, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mullins Di-to dissolve the Marriage of William Townsend Mullins, vorce Bill, Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage, his now Wife, comm, tted-and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand a Bill is depending in the House for making a Navigable Canal from Topsham, in the said County, through the several Parishes therein mentioned, to Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And praying the House to pass the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Bill for more Order, a Bill for the more effectual Execution of seve-< effectual Ex«-ral Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in prated. ' Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tima upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jekyll, Lord William Russell, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, a,t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jekyll, Lord William Russell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, other-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Simeon: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bin: — Loans Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or gri^xchequer Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill: — for-for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- ther D,>-chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Basing and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Mappleder-Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and other Com- Bai°~ monable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nether Wal-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing*, the Open ^closure and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste, Bands, 1 *

and

36 Geo. III.

26° Februarii.

439

and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether The Lords Wallop, in the county of ; without any

have passed Amendment: And also, (

Mitchell's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act N»t. Bil|L for naturalizing David Mitchellto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill read. And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Petition from A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the shf of'car* Fellowship of Carmen, London, on Behalf of them-men against selye3 and the rest of the Free Carmen of London, was London presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Docks, &c. the Petitioners are, and have been, from Time imme-1 ' morial, a Body of Freemen and Citizens of London,

originally incorporated, and, as they humbly conceive, essentially necessary for the Accommodation and carrying on of the Trade and Business of the City and Port of London, and are placed by the Authority of Parliament under the Legislation, Controul, and Regulation, of the Magistrates of the said City, at their Court of Session, with respect to the Price, Manner, and other Circumstances of performing their Labour, whereby the possibility of Imposition upon the Merchants and Traders is entirely prevented; and the Petitioners pay an Annual Sum of near 400l. to Christ's Hospital, for the Quit Rent of certain Licences, by which they exercise the exclusive Privilege of working their Carts for Hire within the said City; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill, depending in the House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Black-wall to the said Docks in and if the Scheme

proposed by the said Bill should be carried into Effect, the Trade and Business of the City and Port of London would, in a great Degree, be removed to a new Situation out of the Limits and Jurisdiction of the City, where any Man, or Set of Men, might exercise and carry on the Trade and Business of the Petitioners, whereby the Petitioners would be deprived of that exclusive Privilege they apprehended to be secured to them when they entered into and embarked their Capitals in their Business, the Consequence of which must be very material Injury and Distress, if not total Ruin, to the Fellowship Carmen of London and their Families: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Third, Seventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 18th Day of this Instant February, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House.

Order for Bill to continue certain Expiring Laws* discharged — and Instruction thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar Sugar and and Rum, imported into, and exported from, Great ed^dex-^" Britain, between the 5th of January 1795 and the 5th ported, order-of January 1796, with the Amount of the Duties re- ed. ceived, also the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second General In-Reading of the Bill for facilitating the Division and closur* Bll,» Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agree- comau ment among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Hussey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Con*idcra-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tion of a House, to consider of granting a Bounty to encourage p°""ty °" the Cultivation of Potatoes. de*

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Se-Game Act, cond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-P®88 tilled, " An Act for the better Preservation of the Game

" in that Part of Great Britain called England," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An of Act for die better Preservation of the Game in that " Part of Great Britain called England."

Vo^.. 51.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the Means of promoting the Cultivation and Improvement of the Waste, Uninclosed, and unproductive, Lands of the Kingdom, that they do consider of the Loss of Fees, which may be sustained by the several Officers of the Two Houses of Parliament, by the passing of a General Bill of Inclosure; and that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Instruction

respecting Loss of Fees by the passing of a General Inclosure Bill.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Militia Pay Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Blll> Present" Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain e called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hurt dred and Ninety-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr

440

26° Febru

A. 1796.

Laws'ufll Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

presented.' Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking oft' several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report re- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bounties to ^e " hole House, to whom it was referred to consider Masters and of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Surgeons of Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Con-Slave Ships. veyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made, that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been taken on Board such Ships, have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Master, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves, in each Hundred, have died within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

| ‘ Bill for regulating the shipping of; Slaves, deli , tarred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the nth Day of March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Victuallers-Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Potion re-thereunto subscribed, being licensed Victuallers or Re- *{^n|pew, tailers of Malt and other Liquors, was referred; That ter Pots, rathe Committee had examined the Matter of the said ported. Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Broivn being examined, said, That there are, within the Cities of London and the Borough of Southwark', and the several Towns, Villages, and Places in the Neighbourhood of the same, more than Seven thousand licensed Publicans, many of whom sustain very heavy Losses by having their Pewter Pots secreted and stolen. — That the Witness was present at a very numerous Meeting of the Publicans lately held, at which the Losses of several of them were stated to be so high as 6o/. or 70/. Annually, but that upon a moderate Computation the Average could not be less than from 15/. to 20/. which (reckoning the whole Number of licensed Houses within the Limits aforesaid) amounts to the Sum of 100,000l. or upwards.

That the Custom of leaving Pewter Pots at the Houses and Habitations of the Customers supplied with Malt or other Liquor, is the principal Cause of such Losses; a Custom which (aided by the experienced Confidence reposed by Thieves in the Receivers of Stolen Goods) affords to the indigent and dishonest frequent and easy Temptations to secrete, steal, melt, and destroy the Pots so left: And (notwithstanding the many Prosecutions, Convictions, and Punishments for Offences of that Nature, at a very heavy Expence and Loss of Time to the Prosecutors) the Witness believes that nothing but Legislative Regulations, restraining all licensed Victuallers, within stated Limits, from leaving their Pots at the Houses or Habitations of their Customers, can effectually stop the Mischief complained of, or destroy the Source of such immoral and dishonest Crimes in the indigent and lower Class of People, so injurious to Individuals.

Mr. Alexander Weir being also examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying Pewter Pots, and other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt or other Liquors, within the Limits to be therein mentioned: And that Mr. Fox and the Lord Hood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Holmes be de- Dr. Holme* sired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, I,reac*'011 Westminster, upon Wednesday, the 9th Day of March Fast Day.

next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Hilcy Addington do acquaint him therewith.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Committee ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on high Price House, to consider further of the present high Price of j£r^rn'de‘ Corn.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®ore upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Con- ^eoiwnu veyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members deforced, to serve in Parliament;

Resolved,

Report on Mr. Stain-forth's Petition referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Debate on Motion respecting the Loan, resumed.

36 Geo. III. 26° Februarii. 441

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Stainforth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Report, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon Monday last, That it appears to this House, That the Principle of making Loans for the Public Service by free and open Competition, uniformly professed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has been very generally recognized, as affording the fairest Prospect of Public Advantage.

And the Question being again proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Principle of making Loans for the Public Service by free and open Competition, uniformly professed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has been very generally recognized, as affording the fairest Prospect of Public Advantage;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " free and open " Competition, uniformly professed by the Chancellor " of the Exchequer, has been very generally recognized, as affording the fairest Prospect of Public " Advantage," and inserting the Words, " Competition, which was introduced, and has in general been " acted upon, by the present Chancellor of the Exchequer, has been productive, in many Instances, of " great Public Advantage; but, that this Principle " could not be applied in its full Extent to the Bargain " for the late Loan, consistently with the peculiar " Circumstances of the Case, and with that Attention " to the equitable Claims of Individuals, which ought " always to be shewn in Transactions with them on the " Behalf of the Public," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, Kj?,) 23.

Tellers for the Noe, {$£; . }>7>-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " Competition, which was introduced, and has in

general been acted upon, by the present Chancellor " of the Exchequer, has been productive, in many " Instances, of great public Advantage; but, that this Principle could not be applied in its full Extent to tl the Bargain for the late Loan, consistently with the " peculiar Circumstances of the Case, and with that " Attention to the equitable Claims of Individuals, " which ought always to be shewn in Transactions with them on the Behalf of the Public," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. 51.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Principle of making Loans for the Public Service by Competition, which was introduced, and has in general been acted upon, by the present Chancellor of the Exchequer, has been productive, in many Instances, of great Public Advantage; but, that this Principle could not be applied in its full Extent to the Bargain for the late Loan, consistently with the peculiar Circumstances of the Case, and with that Attention to the equitable Claims of Individuals, which ought always to be shewn in Transactions with them on the Behalf of the Public.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, in all the Communications relative to the Formation of the late Loan, which passed between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Governor of the Bank of England, or any of the Parties concerned, previous to the 24th of November last, the Chancellor of the Exchequer did invariably profess a Resolution to adhere strictly to the Principle of free and open Competition;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That on the 25th of November 1795, the Day appointed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for a Meeting of the several Competitors for the Loan, to settle the Preliminaries thereof, and when they were all assembled, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, after a separate Conference with Messrs. Boyd and his Party, did propose to the other Competitors, viz. Mellish and , to bid for the Loan, " on Condition that an Option should be " reserved to Boyd and his Party, of taking the Loan " at such a Price as should be equal in Value to One Half per Cent, on the whole Sum borrowed, above " the highest Offer of the Competitors

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the said Mellish and Morgan, having refused to become Competitors on a Condition, to which they deemed it almost impossible to submit, the Chancellor of the Exchequer did, immediately after, without proposing any other Terms, agree for the Loan with Boyd and his Party, although it was understood, by all the Parties, that they were not to come to a final Settlement on that Day

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, by giving this Preference to Boyd and his Party, the Chancellor of the Exchequer did totally depart from the Principle of free and open Competition, after having, by a Communication through the Governor of the Bank, only Two Days preceding, expressly invited Persons to bid on that Principle, and who had also previously made Preparations for that Purpose;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Preference, so given to Boyd and his Party, was claimed by them on the Foundation of a supposed Fact in the Settlement of the preceding Loan for the Service of the Year 1795, between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the said Boyd and his Party; namely, that " the Contract was entered into under the Condition,

5 U " that

Resolution and Motions respecting the Loan.

442 26° Februarii. A. 1796.

Motions respecting the Loan.

ij

k

i,

" that no other Public Loan for this Country should " be made, until the Period fixed for the last Payment " of the Loan then contracted for should have elapsed;" and on the Allegation, that the Negotiation of a new Loan at that Time would be injurious to the said and his Party;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, not only that the said Boyd has not any where contended or affirmed, that the preceding Condition was ever expressed in specific Terms, or reduced to any Form; but that the contrary is implied in the Arguments made use of by him in support of his Claim; " that it was a

" Right, which was founded in Justice and the Nature " of Things, recognized by constant Practice and " Public Opinion;"

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear to this House, That the Chancellor of the Exchequer has any where admitted the Reality of such Engagement or Condition having been made by him with tire said Boyd and his Party, but, on the contrary, that he did state to the Parties assembled at his House on the 25th of November, " that the Circumstances had come but recently " to his Knowledge," and that he did not admit any Obligation to exist, although the said Boyd contends that his Right was not only founded in Justice and the Nature of Things, but recognized by constant Practice and Public Opinion;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That no such Condition is, in fact, either expressed or implied, in any of the Papers laid before this House, in which the Particulars of the Contract for the said Loan appear to have been fully adjusted and settled between the contracting Parties;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That such a Restriction is introduced into the Memorandum of the Contract for the Loan for the Service of the present Year; and that no Precedent is any where alleged for the Introduction of a Stipulation so new, and of which the Consequences may be extremely important;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, in the Month of October 1795, the said Walter Boyd, Esquire, did state to the Chancellor of the Exchequer the Right of the Contractors to object to the Negotiation of a new Loan; that the Chancellor of the Exchequer did, on that Occasion, say, that he would send for their Party (vis. that of Boyd and Robarts) to hear what they had to say, before any Competition should take place; but, that he seemed positively determined not to admit of their Claim;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the said Boyd, in his Addresses to the Chancellor of the Ex-

s

chequer, on the Subject of his supposed Right to a Preference over the other Competitors, supported that Right by Arguments drawn from his Situation as an Holder of Scrip of the preceding Loan, and from the Injury which he and the other Contractors for that Loan must inevitably suffer, as Holders of that Scrip, by the Introduction of Eighteen Millions more into the Market, while a large Portion of the last Years Scrip was still on Hand; and that it does not appear that the said Boyd did ever allege, or pretend, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that he had an unalienable inherent Right to a Preference for the Loan then depending, which belonged to him exclusively, as a Contractor for the preceding Loan, though he should have disposed of the Whole of his Share therein;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That it is, generally, to the Negotiation of a new Loan before a certain Period, to which the said Walter Boyd objects in all his Communications with the Chancellor of the Exchequer; and that the Principle of his Objection to such Negotiation applies equally, whether the Deposit on such Loan be appointed to take place shortly before or after the last Payment on the preceding Loan;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Value of the existing Funds is affected in a far greater Degree by the Negotiation for a new Loan, and the Settlement of the Terms thereof, than by the making the Deposit on such Loan after it is settled;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, before all the Payments were made on the Loan for the Service of the Year 1794, the Chancellor of the Exchequer did negotiate a new Loan with the said Boyd and his Party for the Year 1795; and that, although considerable Sums of the Loan for 1794 were then outstanding as floating Scrip, though the Funds were considerably affected by the Transaction, and though the Deposit was expected to be speedily called for, yet neither James Morgan, Esquire, nor any other of the Contributors to the former Loan, either objected to the Negotiation, or made any Complaint on Account of it;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, waving all Consideration of the Interests of the contracting Parties, Cases may arise in which it might be highly prejudicial to the Public Service if the Chancellor of the Exchequer should be precluded from entering into a Negotiation for a new Loan, or from fixing the Deposit to be made on such Loan on some day previous to the last Payment on the preceding one;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, of the 24,076,500 /. of additional Capital, created by the Loan for the Service of the Year 1795, there remained, on the 24th of November last, only 1,962,532 I. of floating Scrip; that is, which had not been converted

36 Geo. III. 2 6° Februan443

into Stock by the full Payments having been made thereon; . '

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That of the Loan raised in the Year 1795, for the Service of the Emperor, and guaranteed by His Majesty, there remained, as floating Scrip, on the 24th Day of November last, the Sum of 1,393,734/.; and that, therefore, even if the Existence of the said Austrian Scrip be allowed to create any Impediment to the Negotiation of a new Loan, for the Service of Great Britain (as seems to be asserted by the said Walter Boyd) yet the total Amount of floating Scrip, on the 24th of November last, did not exceed 3,356,266/.;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear to this House, That the House of Messrs. Boyd and Co. were possessed of more than 500,000l. of the said floating Scrip;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear to this House, That the said Walter Boyd took any Steps to ascertain who were the Holders of the Remainder of the said floating Scrip at the Time of the Negotiation of the present Loan, or to procure for them any Indemnification for the Injury which they might possibly suffer from the Introduction of so large an additional Quantity as 25,385,250/. of new Capital into the Market;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That of the Eighteen Millions Sterling subscribed for the Service of the Year 1795, no more than 445,718 remained unpaid on the 24th of November last;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House to have been a Matter of public Notoriety, for some Weeks previous to the 25th of November last, that Messrs. Mellish and Mr. James Morgan were making Preparations to be Competitors for the Loan to be negotiated for the Service of the Year 1796;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, under the Circumstances of this Notoriety, and notwithstanding his own Engagement to Messrs. Boyd and Co. the Chancellor of the Exchequer did, even on the 23d of

November, formally authorize the Governor of the Bank to announce to all the Parties concerned, that the Loan would certainly be disposed of by Competition, without having sent for the Party of Messrs. Boyd and Co. to discuss their Claim;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Chancellor of the Exchequer did not, in Fact, ever send for the _ said Boyd and Co.; that the Discussion of their Claim with him did not take place at all, but on their

Vol.51.

own repeated Application, and 'then not 'till the very Motions Day before the Competitors were to meet; and that respecting till they were actually met, the Parties of Morgan and the oan‘ Mellish were not apprized of any Doubt existing in the Mind of the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the Admissibility of Competition;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That Messrs. Boyd and his Party were very willing to leave' the Terms of the Loan to be fixed by the Chancellor' of the Exchequer, who did fix them accordingly;

And the previous Question being pilt, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this Hduse, That the Contractors for the Loan of 1795 could not suffer any pecuniary Loss by the Introduction of a new Loan before all the Payments on the preceding Loan were completed, otherwise than as Holders of Scrip, or Shares therein; and that, on that Principle, all the Contributors to the Loan of 1795 had as good a Claim as the Contractors to a Preference for the succeeding Loan, in proportion to the Amount of the Shares in the Loan of 1795 then held by them respectively;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be how put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That Mr. James Morgan, one of the Persons intending to be Competitors for the late Loan, has given in Evidence to the Committee, that he would have offered, on the 25th of November, to have taken the said Loan on the following Terms; viz. 120/. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities,

251. 3 per Cent.Reduced, and 3 s. 6 d. per Annum

of Long Annuity, for every 100l. subscribed, being a Difference of 3s. per Annum Long Annuity, or 499,500l.

more advantageous to the Public, than the Terms made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the Party of Boyd and Co.;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Loan so finally and unexpectedly settled, on the said 35th of November, was not submitted to the Consideration of this House until the 7th of De; and that the Deposit was not required from the Contributors until the 10th of December;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That this Interval of Twelve Days, between the Settlement of the Terms of the Loan and the submitting it to the Consideration of this House, very greatly exceeds any that has been known on such Occasions; and that no Advantage is likely to accrue to the Public from an Interval of such unprecedented Length;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That His Majesty's gracious Message, containing a Communication, That His Majesty would be " induced to " meet any Disposition for a Negotiation, on the " Part of the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give " it the fullest and speediest Effect," was delivered to

Motions respecting the Loan.

444 26° Februarii. A. 1796.

this House on Tuesday the 8th of December; and that, in consequence of the Intimation contained in the Message, the Value of the Loan suddenly rose above 5 per Cent, creating, by that Operation only, an additional Profit on the whole Loan of more than Nine hundred thousand Pounds Sterling;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, if the Settlement of the Loan had been deferred (as had been usual on former Occasions) until a Day or Two before it was submitted to the Consideration of this House, some Communication to the Parties of the Probability of a Message from His Majesty, similar to that which was delivered, might have preceded the Settlement, and that the Public might then have had the full Benefit of that Advance in the Public Funds, which it was impossible not to foresee that such a Message would produce, and which, in the present Instance, actually amounted to a Sum exceeding Nine hundred thousand Pounds on the Loan so recently contracted for.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Sum of 649,000l. of the per Cent. Annuities, created in the Year 1795, was in Pledge at the Bank on the 24th of November last;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, on the 3d Day of November 179.5» the Commissioners appointed for liquidating the National Debt did, for the First Time, begin to purchase in the Consolidated

Annuities;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, immediately on the Purchases by the said Commissioners being made in the per Cent. Annuities, a very considerable Advance took place in the Price of the said Annuities, the 3 per Cent. Annuities not rising in equal Proportion;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro ' posed, That it appears to this House, That, on the Application of some of the Parties concerned in the Negotiation for the present Loan, through the Medium of the Governor of the Bank, the Chancellor of the Exchequer did agree, that the Whole of the new Capital should be created in the 3 Cent. Consolidated and Reduced Annuities, with a very small Proportion of Long Annuities, to the Total Exclusion of the per Cents, and contrary to the general Practice on former Occasions, when Sums of considerable Magnitude have been raised;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That, in the Month of September 1795, the said Boyd did,

at the Request of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, undertake to advance Money for the Use of Government to the Amount of One Million, for which he was to reimburse himself by Bills to be drawn upon the

Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to be accepted Motions and by them, and negotiated at his owrn Convenience; Resolutions and that Bills to the Amount of 700,000 /. were drawn in London on the Commissioners of the Treasury, in the Name of Walter Junior, bearing a fictitious Date, at Hambui'gh, several Weeks preceding the Time at which, with the Privity of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, they were really drawn in London; and that the said Walter Boyd, Junior, is a Gentleman not engaged in any House of Business in Hamburgh;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the said Bills, though drawn in London, yet professing to be Foreign, and not written on stamped Paper, were of such a Nature and Description as the Bank of England would have refused to discount for any Commercial House whatever, and such as it would have been injurious to the Credit of any private House to have negotiated;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now' put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the said Walter Boyd, Esquire, has declared that no Part of his Right to a Preference, as a Contractor for the new Loan, was grounded on the Transaction of the Bills dated at Hamburgh, and circulated by him for the Service of Government; that he never had any Expectation of that Sort; and that he took no Merit at all to himself in having consented to that Operation;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it appears to this House, That no such Declarations on the Part of a Contractor, palpably preferred, and immoderately benefited, by the Gift of a Loan of Eighteen Millions Sterling, on such Terms, and accompanied with such Arrangements, as to create a Profit of 12 per Cent, or 2,160,000l., before the First Payment became due, can acquit the Chancellor of the Exchequer of having departed from the Principle of free and open Competition in Favour of Waller Boyd, Esquire, in a Manner incompatible with the Interest of the Public;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it appears to this House, That, in every Part of the Transaction of the late Loan, the Public Interest has been sacrificed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer; and that the Profits to the Contributors, at the Expence of the Nation, have been so exorbitantly swelled, as to have risen, even before the Deposit was made thereon, to an Amount greatly exceeding the Deposit itself, viz. on a Loan of Eighteen Millions to the enormous and incredible Sum of Two Millions One hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling; .

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Terms of the Loan were fixed with a due Regard to the Magnitude of the Sums borrowed, and provided for, as well as to the Market Price of the Funds, and the Situation of Public Affairs, at the Time the Bargain was concluded.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, in every Part of the Transaction of the late Loan, the Conduct of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was actuated by a View to the Public Interest; and that there is no Ground to suppose that any Interference took place on the Part of any Persons connected with Government in the Distribution of any Part of the said Loan.

Ordered,

Account, Distribution of Vote of Credit, ordered.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Bill for completing the Purposes of Maidstone Paving, dec. Act, presented.

Corthym's Nat. Bill, committed.

Counsel ordered on Mr. Pagett>i,&c. Petition against Per-tenhall Inclosure Bill

36 Geo. III. 26* — 29° Februarii. 445

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Application of the several Sums included in the Account (presented to the House upon the 4th Day of December last) of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sufn of 2,500,000 /., for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, , That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 29* die Februarii;

Anno 36* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796. Praters.

MR. John Pitt presented to' the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, " cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other " public Passages and Places, within the King's Town " of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing " and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the " Highways within the Parish of ," to raise

a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Corthym, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William Pagett, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Pertenhall with Covington Fee, and other the Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested therein, belonging to the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford, be read a Second Time, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit (and which Bill was, upon the 23d Day of this Instant February, withdrawn, and another Bill presented instead thereof, which last mentioned Bill has been presented to the House, and is ordered to be Vol. 51.

read a Second Time upon Wednesday next) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said last mentioned Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Honywood presented to the House, according to Bill to amend Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Deal Paving, am Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of &c* A°|»

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, pre, en " paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and " Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances thereinAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers Skipton Road of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign B^^om* of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from to

Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ‘to Mr. Henry Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Duncombe reported from the Committee, Kimberworth to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- IncWire mon Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kimberworth, *° in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at 6 s. "jd. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except Three Persons whose Property is assessed at 3 I. 6s.8d. who had been applied to,

but had given no Answer; and that the Whole of the Property is assessed to the Land Tax at 61 /. 16s. 7;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Covent G«r-Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Site of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

5 X Resolved,

Lincoln Poor Petition, reported.

Elcombe Inclosure Bill, reported.

HensfealTf

Smithy, &c; Roads Petition, reported.

446

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hood, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Butter Hunnings, Esquire, Mayor of the

City of Lincoln, Henry Swan, and Thomas Porter, and Tyrwhit Smith, Aldermen, John Butlen and John Spyve, Sheriffs, John Drury, Richard Pickslay, Thomas Hill, Richard Gibbeson, Junior, W JValker, and Philip Bullen, Common Council of the said City, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants within the City of Lincoln and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies in the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftewards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Thomas Bell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Poor within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Margaret, are very numerous, and burthensome to their respective Parishes, and might be better and more comfortably maintained, and at a less Expence than at present, if a convenient House or Houses were provided for their Reception, and proper Powers given for their Management and Regulation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A. 1796.

House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethviz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Norlhwich, in the said County of Chester, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Wright, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due; and the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of , in

the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's , near Northwich, in the said County of Chester: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

29° Februarii.

Mr. Hobartr eported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commou Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of Wroughton, and within the Tything of Cffcott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts, was Committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ohe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, residing in, and near to, the Towns of Nether Knutsford, Northwich, and Altrincham, in the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Macclesfield Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Inclosure Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, was read a second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe,

Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Company of Day ap-Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the pointed for Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a Second certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Xrent'and Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of to the MerseyCanal

Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Extension Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Bill* Water, be read a Second Time upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Day appointed for Second Reading of Bill for amending the Warwick and Braunston Canal Act.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, Hanley In-according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting closure Bill the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Preaented-Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Hanky,

in

38 liEo. 111. 29° Februarii.

447

in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint

iTvt f Olaoe, Southwark ,was presented to the House, and

St. 01ave,° re®d; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Southwark, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accom-againstLon- modation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and &c BmkS' Revenue, within the Port of , and for making

a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wrapping; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Tendencies of the said Bill, inasmuch as it would occasion the Removal of a great Part of the Trade of the Port of London away from its ancient and accustomed Channels, to the great Injury of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in which (from the natural Advantage of its Situation) many of the principal Sufferance Wharfs have been, from Time immemorial, established: That many Lightermen and Watermen, Officers of the Customs, and others, engaged in Employments on the said Wharfs, are Householders in the said Parish, and the Removal of so much of the Trade to a remote District would either deprive them of their Business, or compel them to remove to new Situations, under great Uncertainty of their being able to procure Establishments therein — That the said Wharfs, and the Warehouses belonging, are rated in the Parish Books at a Rental of more than u,oooo I. per Annum, and contribute Annually upwards of 8oo I. to the Maintenance of the Poor, and to other Public Rates in a still larger Proportion — That the said Parish is greatly burthened with Poor, and that a Measure, which so directly tends to diminish the Trade, and, consequently, to lessen the Rental of the Wharfs and Warehouses, would prove an irreparable Injury to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be allowed to be heard themselves, and by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and against the several Clauses therein, and in Support of these Allegations by proper Witnesses, and, finally, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the there-undersigned Owners, Lessees, certain Own- and Occupiers, of Sufferance Wharfs at the Port of Sufferance London, within the Limits approved of by the Ho-Wharfs nourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, against D° was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise Bill. taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That

many of the Allegations contained in the Preamble thereof, and upon which the pretended Necessity and Propriety of the said Bill particularly rest, are either wholly unfounded in Fact, or are calculated, in the Frame of them, to mislead the Judgment of the House, and that such of the Inconveniences, suggested in the said Bill, as really exist, are in a great Degree exaggerated, for the Petitioners do with Confidence assure the House, that every Inconvenience which can reasonably be complained of in respect to the legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs within the said Port, or in respect to the Mooring and Navigating of Vessels in the River Thames, arises entirely from the Want of due Regulations and Arrangements relative to those Subjects, and from no other Cause whatsoever, and that the same are capable of being remedied in such a Manner as will neither infringe the Rights, or injure the Properties, of any Individual, or Class of Individuals whatsoever: That the Petitioners have embarked very considerable Fortunes, and employed the Labour and Industry of their lives, in raising and maintaining Wharfs and Warehouses, which have been established and sanctioned by the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and at which the Business of Landing, Shipping, and Housing Goods, has been far many Years past conducted equally to the Satisfaction of that Board, the Accommodation of Vol. 51.

Merchants, and the Advantage of the Public, the Wharfs and Warehouses belonging to the Petitioners having been erected in such Number, Succession, and Extent, as the Increase of the Commerce of the said Port has from Time to Time required, such Wharfs and Warehouses being now of more than Three Times the Extent of the legal Quays described in the said Bill, and being also, from their local Situation, peculiarly calculated to secure and protect the Public Revenue, and in every Respect adequate to the due Landing,

Shipping, and Housing, of all such Goods and Merchandize, as the legal Quays of the Port of London cannot with due Convenience receive; and the Petitioners apprehend and doubt not but they shall also be able to prove, to the Satisfaction of the House, that there is in the River Thames a Quantity of convenient Room, amply sufficient for the proper Mooring and Navigating of all Ships and Vessels resorting thereto; and that the Petitioners humbly conceive, and are prepared by Evidence to prove, that the Project of establishing a Dock Corporation, of the Nature and Extent sought for by the said Bill, is not only useless and unnecessary, but mischievous, as far as respects the Public Convenience, highly dangerous to the Revenue, burthensome to Traders in general, and peculiarly unjust and oppressive in respect to several very numerous and useful Classes of His Majesty's Subjects, and most especially to the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and to offer such Proofs and Arguments in Opposition to the same as they shall be advised, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or I

Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Cartmel living to Order, a Bill for improving, dividing, and in- cIo8ure ®l!1, closing, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in presen the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.;

A Bill for altering, varying, and amending an Act, Bill to amend 1 passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His the Old Mal-present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and Act, "com- improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, mitted. and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York,

was read a Second Time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bald- *

win, Mr. Serjeant Adair, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's.

Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Streetway,

Acts of Parliament, made for repairing several Roads Wolver- j in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, Roads Bill,0* so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place committed! j called Streetway, in the County of Stafford, through '

Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite The Old j

Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, *

near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market j

Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of 1 .

Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, was read a Second ' *

Time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Sir ' I

Bill for unending the Warwick and Birmingham Hanal Act >asaed.

tition in avour of London Docks, &c. Bill.

Petition from 5t. Mary Magdalen's College, Oxford, against London Docks, Ac. Bill.

Mr. Dawes's

Petition against But-leigh Inclosure Bill.

448 29° Februam. . 1796.

Sir George Augustus William Skuckburgh Evelyn, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance, for Assurance of Ships, Goods, and Merchandize, at Sea, or going to Sea, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Black-wall to the said Docks in Wapping; and begging the Attention of the House to the said Bill, as a Measure beneficial to the Petitioners, and to the Commerce of the Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for making Wet Docks in Wapping and Shadwell, with a Canal leading thereto from Blackwall, and for raising a Capital, for a Corporate Joint Stock for executing the same; and that the said Bill has a direct Tendency most materially to injure and prejudice, if not totally to destroy and render valueless, die Rights, Interests, and Properties, of the several Owners of Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, and other Estates, adjacent to the River Thames, in London, Southwark, and the City of Westminster, and more particularly those of the Petitioners, situate, lying, and being, in the respective Parishes of Saint John and Saint Olave, in the said Borough of Southwark: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, either at the Bar of the House, or before a Committee of the said House, and that such Relief may be given to the Petitioners in the Premises as to the House may seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Moor, called Kings Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, as

has been allotted, under an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, to the Parish of in the County of

Somerset', and that the Petitioner, by virtue of, and under, a Grant from his late Majesty King Charles the First, is become entitled to the Soil of the said Moor, called King's Sedgmoor, Part whereof is intended to be subdivided and inclosed by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, touching his Right and Interest in, and to the Part of, the said Moor so intended to be divided, and have such Relief as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Moor, called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, as has been allotted, under an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, to the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of Somerset -, and that the Petitioner, by virtue of, and under, a Grant from his late Majesty King Charles the First, is become entitled to the Soil of the said Moor, called King's Sedgmoor, Part whereof is intended to be subdivided and inclosed by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, touching his Right and Interest in, and to the Part of, the said Moor so intended to be divided, and have such Relief as the House shall think fib

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of Somerset, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfieldto the Alton Turnpike

Road, near Ropley, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The

Mr. Dawes's

Petition against Woollavington Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Rebenack's Nat. Bill

Sheet Bridge, Portsmouth, and Petera-field Roads BUL

36 Geo. III. 290 Februarii. 449

Queensferry The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Road Bffl Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the -

ferry', without any Amendment: And also,

St. Bride'* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church and to enable the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in Workhouse the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present

BlU‘ Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the

Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

Thame* and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Severn Canal Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Company* Thames and Secern Canal Navigation to raise a certain Sum of Money, for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also,

Kedewen,&c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands a Amendment anc* Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kedewen,

' Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of Montgomery-, x. with an Amendment; to which Amendment the

ni The Lords Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And hav* passed also,

Sir John The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Honywood's enabling the Trustees for Sale of certain Estates of Estate Bill. §jr John Honywood, Baronet, which stood settled on him as Tenant for Life, unimpeachable for Waste, to sell the same Estates with the Timber and Underwood standing, and for allowing him to receive the Amount of such Timber and Underwood at a fair Valuation, and for debarring him from felling Timber, or committing Waste, on the Lands hereafter to be purchased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill read. And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, to Kedewen, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable B^gST Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of to Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of

Montgomery.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 36. Leave out from " allotted " to " provided," in Pr. 21.1. 1 o.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Petition from the Trustees

Cor the River

L©e Naviga-

tion against

London

Docks, See.

to BiH.

A Petition of the Trustees for the River Lee, and others, Traders and Navigators on, and Persons interested in, the Navigation of the said River, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the River Lee from the Towns of Hertford and Ware to the River Thames is an ancient Navigation, and has been long used for conveying from the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Cambridge,

Seat Quantities of Malt and Flour to the Cities of ondon and Westminster, and Timber to His Majesty's Vol. 51.

and other Dock Yards on the River Thames, to great Advantage in the Supply of those Articles in such Quantities as could not be otherwise so well conveyed; and that, about Thirty Years ago, the said Navigation was much improved, at a great Expence, under the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament, for which Purpose large Sums of Money were borrowed upon Annuities, and at Interest, most Part whereof still remains due to the Creditors, who relied on the Security given by the said Act, and which, from such Improvement of the said Navigation, and the consequent Increase of Trade thereon, has continued sufficient and satisfactory; and that the Petitioners, perceiving, from the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been lately brought in for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from to the said

Docks in Wapping, and understanding that such Canal, so to be made, is intended to intersect and cross the Canal of the Navigation of the River Lee from Bromley to Limehouse, are much alarmed on Account of that

Part of the said Navigation, which, as appears to the Petitioners, must unavoidably be interrupted and prejudiced, and subject to a great Diminution of the Tolls hitherto received on their said Canal, as well as to the Risque of being driven again down the old circuitous and dangerous Navigation into the Thames below Blackwall; and the Petitioners fear, that the prejudice to that Part of the Navigation may so extend itself, that not only the said Canal from Bromley to Limehouse may be rendered of little or no Service, but that, from the Loss of the Use thereof, the Whole of the said Navigation may become less valuable to the County for the Purposes intended by the said Act of Parliament for its Improvement, and, consequently, the Security of the said Creditors may be much lessened, and their Faith on Parliament diminished: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, as to the making the said Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks, in order to their obtaining such Protection and Relief in the Premises for the said Navigation and its Creditors, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the -said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America', to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; to the importing Salt from - Eur into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Price of middling British Rape

5 Y Seed

Expiring Laws Bill, committed.

450

29° Februarii.

A. 1796.

Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

klilitia Pay A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and iill, com. Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

n,tted* called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition of VIr. Hunter's [Yustees for Leave to,) resent a Pe-ition for the Purchase of lis Collection if Natural listory.

Leave given,

A Petition of Malthcxo Physician, and

EverardHome, Esquire, Surgeon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have received, in Trust, a Collection of Preparations illustrating the various Parts of the Animal (Economy, the Property of the late John Hunter, Esquire, Surgeon General to the Army, deceased, to be disposed of in the Manner specified in the following Clause of his Will, dated the nth of 1793 — " I also

" give to the said Matthew Baillie and Everard Home,

" all my Collection of Natural History, and the Cases, " and other Things belonging thereto, or used therewith, upon Trust, that they offer the same to Sale,

" in One entire Lot, to the Government of Great Britain, at such Price that may be considered as " reasonable between both Parties, and, in case of " Refusal, then that it may be offered to Sale to any " Foreign Government or State upon the like Terms, " and, in Failure of such Sale, then to dispose of the " same in an entire Lot, in such Manner as they shall " think proper;" and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Obligation imposed upon them by the Testator's Will, humbly renew their Application to the House, and are prepared to submit to the House the Testimony of Persons eminently qualified to explain and prove the Nature and Utility of the Collection, it's Importance to the Advancement of Medical Science, that it forms a Systematical Series so arranged that it cannot be replaced if suffered to be dispersed, and that it is prepared in a Manner to insure it's Durability for Centuries: That the Petitioners were prevented from presenting a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purchase above-mentioned, before the Expiration of the Period limited by the House for receiving private Petitions, by Reason that His Majesty's Approbation of their Application was not at that Time obtained; And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purpose, although the Time fixed for presenting Petitions is elapsed.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Matthew Baillie and Everard Home.

Then a Petition of Matthew Baillie, Physician, and Mr. Hunter* Everard Home, Esquire, Surgeon, being offered to be Trustee* presented to the House; Petition.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying the House to take the Petitioners Offer into Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as in it's Wisdom and Justice, upon an Enquiry into the Circumstances of the Case, it shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgk Evelyn, Mr. Abbot, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Middlesex Reading of the Bill for continuing and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign e of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Administration of the Office of a " Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of " Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis;

" and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pearson, from sugar andf the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Rumim-Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; ported and and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to exportf1' their Order, preseD

An Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar and Rum, imported into, and exported from.

Great Britain, between the 5th of January 1795 and the 5th of January 1796, with the Amount of the Duties received, also the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Consideration to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of a Bounty to consider of granting a Bounty to encourage the 0"tILt^t"s' Cultivation of Potatoes, be now read. Six Months.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Report which. Motion* upon the 9th Day of this Instant February, was made respecting from the Select Committee, who were appointed to drawn"on ih« enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of Treasury by the late Loan, might be again read. Mr. Boyd

And the same was read accordingly,

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of

36 Geo. III.

29° Februarii. — 1°

451

u

it

of the Office of the Paymaster General of His unprecedented in the Administration of the Finances of Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of this Country;

the Army; and to repeal an Act, made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better u Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That in the Month of September 1795, Walter Boyd, Esquire, did, at the Request of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, undertake to advance Money for the Use of Government to the Amount of One Million, for which he was to

JuA 8.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Jekyll,

Tellers for the Yeas,' Mr.

nior:

rp 11 e i.T [The Lord . „

Teliers for the Noes, jMr J(hm; 108.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill for grant-reimburse himself by Bills to be drawn upon the Lords w hole House, to whom the Bill for repealing certain Duties on

Commissioners of the Treasury, to be accepted by them, Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, femd.16*'

and negotiated at his own Convenience, and that Bills and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases,

to the Amount of 700,000l. were drawn in London on was committed, be taken into further Consideration

the Commissioners of the Treasury, in the Name of Tomorrow Morning.

Walter Boyd, Junior, bearing a fictitious Date, at Ham- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and

burgh, several Weeks preceding the Time at which, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Weans, de* with the Privity of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means ^ernx* they were really drawn in Lotidon; and that the said for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, de* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ferred. whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Walter Boyd, Junior^ is a Gentleman not engaged in any House of Business at Hamburgh;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

24-

Tellers for the Noes,

109.

fMr. Jekyll, 1

I Mr. Francis: J

J Mr. Charles Yorke, 1 [Mr. Anstruther: J

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it appears to this House, that the Amount of the said Bills was immediately paid in to the Office of the Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, in direct Breach of an Act of Parliament, and that the said Bills, though drawn in London, yet professing to be Foreign, and not written on stamped Paper, were of such a Nature and Description as the Bank of England would have refused to discount for any Commercial House whatever, and such as it would have been injurious to the Credit of any private House to have negotiated;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, That the Practice of drawing such Bills of Exchange, not duly stamped, with fictitious Dates of Time and Place, ac-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1° die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii III1" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

AN,

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Mitchell'* Act for naturalizing David Mitchell, was read a Nat* B‘u\ Second Time. comra, UetL

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See./. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the se- Balsall Inclo veral Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor sure Bill, and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in comm*tted-cepted by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, Arden, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second and causing the Monies raised thereon to be imme- Time.

diately paid in to the Office of the Paymaster of His Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Majesty's Forces, is illegal, unconstitutional, and highly Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh injurious to the public Credit; and that the Chancellor Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at of the Exchequer, by the Introduction of such Practice, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, has brought into Disrepute and Suspicion the Accept-

~ A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Hockerton,

passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Kuklington present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several j^j Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, mitted. Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County

ance of His Majesty's Treasury, and sanctioned a System of Fraud and Collusion unprecedented in the Administration of the Finances of this Country;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That it appears to this House, That the Practice of drawing such Bills of Exchange, not duly stamped, with fictitious Dates of Time and Place, accepted by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and causing the Monies raised thereon

of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Hobart, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ellesmere

to be immediately paid in to the Office of the Paymaster Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-of His Majesty's Forces, is illegal, unconstitutional, 'oct" " An Ant fnr moving a ion-

and highly injurious to the public Credit; and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer^ by the Introduction of &uch Practice, has brought into Disrepute and Suspicion the Acceptance of His Majesty's Treasury, ^.nd sanctioned a System of Fraud and Collusion Vot.51.

jesty,

U *'

m2

u

intituled, "An Act for making and a Navigable Canal from the River

u

te

maintain- (froml.'ranc:

— D — ----- - ----- ..... — w. Severn at ton Commo

Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River committed. Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining Certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for

Bill to complete the Leominster Canal Navigation, committed.

Petition from certain Persons against the Trent and Mersey Canal Extension Bill.

5credington

nclosure Bill,

committed.

Elcombe In-rlosure Bill, massed.

'etition i gainst the ' iomerset-hire Coal Navigation Jill, &c.

452 1° Martii. A. 1196.

for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherry mans Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard HUl, Mr. Hill,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Richard HiSee.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of to the

Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced that the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now stands, will be very injurious to them and their Property and Interest: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Vyner, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in that part of the Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of Wroughton, and within the Tything of in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of Wroughton, and within the Tything of Uffcott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Benjamin Pugh, M. D. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for making and cutting a Canal through different Meadows in the Parish of South Stoke, in the County of Somerset, which Bill, if suffered to pass into a Law, will very materially injure the Petitioner, he being informed, and according to a Plan he has seen, that it is the Intention and Design of the Proprietors of the said Canal to cut through a very valuable Orchard, Garden, and Meadow, called Great Meadow (in his Writings) belonging to him: And therefore praying the House to take his Case into their Consideration, and admit him to be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, and afford him such Relief as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with " certain Railways and Stone Roads, from the several " Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate " with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the " Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Holden Strutt be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons interested, being Owners and Proprietors in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tuddington and Hamlet of Charlton, in and within the said Parish, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Holden Strutt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tuddington , in the County of Bedford, and in the Hamlet of Charlton, within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from Taunton to Topsliam, with a Branch to Tiverton: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Master Lightermen, employed in the Port of London in shipping and landing Merchandize, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, at this Time, upwards of 20,000 Tons of Craft employed, on the River Thames, in conveying various Articles of Merchandize, in the above Trade, to and from Ships in the said River, and they have now upwards of 600 Persons in their Service employed in Navigating such Craft; and that the Petitioners are under the greatest Anxiety and Fear of being deprived of such their Employ, which they, and the Persons in their Service, have been brought up to, by a Bill before the House, to enable certain Persons to make Wet Docks and Basons, with Canals, Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, and Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception

Member added to bring in Tuddington Inclosure Bill.

Tuddington Inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition in favour of Topshanand Taunton Canal Bill.

Petition from certain Master Lightermen against London Docks, &c. Bill

30 1>E0. 111.

r Mar

453

Ticket Porters against London Docks, dec. Bill.

eta It ka

es

kfi

Lj

C-'

i'£-

td

ftis

and Discharge of loaded Ships and other Vessels in the Port of London, which Bill, if passed into a Law, will render the above Craft useless to the Petitioners, and the great Costs and Expences they have been at in building and providing such Craft will be lost to them, to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the Persons in their Service, who will be deprived of their accustomed Employment, and of the Means of subsisting themselves and their numerous Families; and that, by Means of the Docks, Basons, Quays, and "Wharfs, intended to be made under and by virtue of the said Bill, Merchandize and Persons will pass to and from the Ships and Vessels they are designed for the Accommodation of, without the Use of Lighters or Wherries, whereby some Thousands of Lightermen and Watermen will be thrown entirely out of Employ, and, as the Petitioners conceive, an immense Nursery of Seamen eventually destroyed: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Petition from A Petition of the Register and Rulers of the Society of of Ticket Porters of the City of in Behalf of

themselves and their Brethren Ticket Porters, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are a large Body of Men, consisting of about 2,000 Persons in the Whole (and many of them with large Families) who have been deputed and authorized by the Corporation of the City of London, from Time immemorial, to unlade and house all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes coming to the Port of London from the British Plantations, America, the East Country, and other Places, and likewise to ship off and re-lade the same when exported, and the Petitioners, upon their Admission as Ticket Porters, enter into- a Bond, with Two Sureties, in the Penalty of tool. each Person, for the due Performance of their Duty, whereby the Merchant is secured in case of any Loss or Damage happening to the Goods or Merchandizes entrusted to their Care; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill, depending in the House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, &c. for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also for the making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping; and, if the same should pass into a Law, the Trade and Business of the City and Port of London will, in a great Degree, be removed to a new Situation, out of the Limits and Jurisdiction of the City, where any Man, or Set of Men, may exercise and carry on the Business and Employment of the Petitioners, whereby they will be deprived of the exclusive Privileges granted to them by the Corporation of the City of London, and will be attended with great Injury ana Distress, if not the total Ruin of themselves and Families: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of in the

Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on. quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Act.

Wearmouth Bridge, &c. Roads Bill.

Innkeepers

Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for mo« Reading of the Bill for the more effectual Execution effectualExe of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve Acts, com-in Parliament, be now read. . mitted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kimber- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

worth Indo- Common Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kimbcrworth, Vol. 51.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Expiring upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the La'vs ' giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs';

5 Z to

Committee on Militia Pay Bill.

Committee >n Report 3f Mr. Stainforth's Petition, ieferred.

Account of Corn and Flour im-)orted in February, miered.

Indemnity Bill, ordered.

t

464

lv Martn. A. 1796.

to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in and imported into England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of George Stainforth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Corn and Flour imported into this Kingdom, in the Month of February last, entitled to receive a Bounty on Importation, specifying the Ports in which the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Importers who claim the Bounty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attom.ies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for for amending and enforcing the Laws for the Relief ^L^ffor and Employment of the Poor: And that Mr. Chan- Relief, &c. of cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Attorney the Poor, General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Douglas, do ordered, prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Brice to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, 0 orn‘ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of thq Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Bill for grant-into further Consideration the Report from the Com- fog Duties on mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repeal- °*

ing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, re-Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain committed. Cases, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Friday Morning " next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The

36 Geo. III. 1° — 2°

Consideration of Acts respecting Artificers, Labourers, &c. deferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers,

" Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices;" and also, the Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, *‘ An Act made for " the Explanation of the Statute, made in the Fifth " Year of the late Queen Es Reign, concerning Labourers," be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1796.

Praters.

Petition for r "'HE Lord Hood reported from the Committee, regulating the X to whom the Petition of the several Persons, and*Straw^ "hose Names are thereunto subscribed, Consumers of reported. ' Hay and Straw, residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets " in the Cities of London and and Suburbs

" and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the " County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of " zvark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of " Mortality, in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Markets therein ;" and also, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to ascertain the Weight of Trusses of Straw, " and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw " in Trusses, in London and within the Weekly Bills " of Mortality, and within the Distance of Thirty * Miles thereof; and to prevent common Salesmen of " Hay and Straw from buying the same on their own " Account to sell again; and also to restrain Sales* " men, Brokers, or Factors in Cattle, from buying on " their own Account to sell again, any Live Cattle in " London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or " which are driving up thereto," w'ere read; in which certain Provisions are made for regulating the Sale of Hay and Straw in the Hay Markets in London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Thirty Miles thereof: Then,

Mr. Joseph Lygow, a considerable Consumer of Hay and Straw, being examined, said, That the Provisions contained in the said Acts are found insufficient to answer the Purposes thereof, and that great Frauds and Abuses are daily committed by Salesmen and other Persons buying and selling Hay and Straw: And,

Mr. John White, a considerable Consumer of Hay and Straw, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Vql.

Martii. 455

Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned: And that the Lord Hood, Mr, Fox, and Mr. Mainwar'ing, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord* Li"le Barton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in* Bill°pre-closing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half sent'ed.

Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk:

And the same wa3 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Little Brick-the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the toll Inclosure Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Bl >report *. Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of 14 Acres and One Rood of Land and One Cottage, who refused to give his Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property in the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 572-Acres and 2 Roods, or thereabouts, and of 23 Cottages; end that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Com- Bill to enlarge mittee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Powers of Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Ban?sSa*® His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Act,'reported. " better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and " watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and " in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and " for removing and preventing Annoyances therein,

" and for erecting a Market House, and holding a " Public Market in the said Vill," was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereuntp subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors egainstCart-of Lands and: Tenements in the Parish of gyj llC osure

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in Right

thereof

453 2° Martii A. 179

thereof entitled to Right of Common in and upon all the Commons and Waste Grounds there, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the fiill for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancasterand Setting forth, That the said Commons and Waste Grounds are, for the most Part, exceedingly mountainous, greatly covered with Rocks, incapable of Improvement, and fit only for the Purpose of depasturing young Cattle and Sheep, and not more than One Eighth Part thereof can by any Means he converted into Tillage, and that, of the small Quantity of Land capable of being so converted into Tillage, the greatest Part thereof is frequently overflowed by the Sea, and the Remainder not only frequently overflowed by a Rivulet, called Pool, but by great'

Quantities of Water running and flowing from the Mountains; and that considerable Stocks of Sheep are kept upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to the Advantage not only of the Petitioners and others holding landed Property within the said Parish, but to the Woollen Manufactory of this Country, and if the same should be divided and inclosed, few, if any. Sheep could be kept thereupon, as. breeding Stocks of Sheep will not do well if confined in small Inclosures; and that many Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds are so barren, that the Expence of fencing in and inclosing the same would greatly exceed the real Value thereof, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and more particularly in its full Extent, it will greatly injure the Petitioners and others entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Tamar Navi- Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom gation Peti- the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mer-twn, reported. chants, and Inhabitants, of Devon and Cornwall, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by Surveys lately taken, it is practicable so to improve the River Tamar from Quay, in the Parish

of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to or near a Place called Boat Pool, near Blanch Down, in the said County and Parish, as to render the same navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and from thence to make a Navigable Canal through the several Parishes and Hamlets mentioned in the Petition, to or near Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Collateral Cut from the Line of the intended Canal, at or near Pawl-son Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the County of Devon, to Richgrove Mnear to the Borough of

8

ceston; which Navigation, Canal, and Collateral Cut, will greatly promote and facilitate the Trade of many Places, and much increase the Agriculture of a very populous Country, and will be of great Public Utility.

Mr. John Gullet confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Rennie, with respect to the Utility of the Navigation,

Canal, and Collateral Cut.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Morwellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Pau lson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of And that

Mr. Bastard and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to continue so much of an Act, passed in the Pawnbroker! Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Bill, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the mitted'

" Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," as was not repealed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to vary Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to vary and alter the Line of the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of „"|( *

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making pawed.

" a Navigable Canal from the River Kennel, at or near " the Town of Neivbury, in the County of Berks, to " the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and " also certain Navigable Cuts therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable Canal from " the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury,

" in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts " therein described,", and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Wet Docks, Ba- Day appoint-sons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accom- ed for second modation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and B^ing of Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Dockage. Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Bill. Wapping, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom Aberdeen the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana) Canal Bill, from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or rePorte<i-Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain, was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Committee

36 Geo. III.

2° Martii.

467

Marshland Drainage and Inclosure,

&c» Bill, presented.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of

tation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used lor extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their

land, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing of Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs;

Beigbton Inclosure Bill, reported.

the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Beigh- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

ton, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pertenhall The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Inclosure Bill Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the committed. Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Osborn, Mr. Pozvys, &c.: And they are to meet this

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Indemnity Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Bill» Pre* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- aented‘ ments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to have been stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Militia Pay Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for BUI reported.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the

Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are have Voices.

to

Inspiring Laws Bill ^reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking

Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and re- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-ducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection there- House.

by; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Majesty's Plantations, in America; to the free Impor- ingrossed.

Vox.. 51. 6 A The

Ways and

Means,

deterred.

Sapply,

deterred.

458 2° — 3® Mart'll A. 1796,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 3* die Martii;

Anno 36° Georgii III. U Regis, 1796. Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. , from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1795 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 3d Day of March 179G, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Ah

Account of Disposition of Grants, presented.

An ACCOMPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1795 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 3^ O&y of 179^>

c

r and the Parts remaining unsatisfied,- with the Deficiency thereupon,

o*

D

(Q

1 — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

SERVICES:

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 100,000 Men, including 15,000 Marines, from the 1st Day of January 1795 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1795 ——

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and ether Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1795 -

s. d.

4,940,000 — —

589.G83 3 9

535,840 —

G

T3

For Ordnance, Sea Service

For Ordnance, Land Service ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1793. -

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1793 For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,.

in 1794 ..... ----- ....

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1794

260,000 — — 1,176,804 *7 9

34,* 55 1

25,357 H

1,045,305 19 39>387 —

Fot* defraying the Charge of 119,385 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, on the Continent, and on Board the Fleet, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1794 to the 24th Day of December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, and in Corsica, and~a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Masters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1794 to the 24th Day of December 1795, inclusive, being 365 Days ——

Fdr defraying the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service in the West Indies, from the 25th Day of December 1794 to the 24th Day of December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

Pdr the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1795 ----- --..... ——

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry, in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry,

for the Year 1795 -

For defraying the Charge of Levy Money and Subsistence, and of the Allowance for Clothing and Accoutrements for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Forces, in 1795 ——

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, servingjwith the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and on the Continent, for the Year 1795 - -

Fhr defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, and of Regiments draughted ot to be draughted, from the 45th Day of December 1794 to the 24th Day of December 1795,

Doth inclusive, being 365 Days -.....-- ——

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty'6 Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge'Advocate General, to (he Comptrollers of the Actounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, and for the Amount of the Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Ye&r 1795 ^5 jFdr the reduced Officer* of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1795

2,777*534 '9 I

15 7

691,307 40,096 8,323 17 10 \

9 9

385.000 -

480.000 — — 115,820 — 3

79*978 4 4

110,820 18 128)864 3

Sums voted or granted.

£r S d.

6,055,523 3 9

2,581,010 13 10

Sums paid.

£ «. d.

5,084,545 5 3

1,600,000 — —

Remains to be paid.

£. s. d. 970,977 18 6

981,010 13 10

Or

86. Geo. III. 3° Marti.

o

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

Tor defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and £. s. d.

' to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1795 - 135 16 3

For the several Officers, late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1795 - -- 1,000 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1795 ----- --- - 52,500 — —

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1795 - 7,500 -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same - - 10,387 13 3*

For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and the Isle of Man, for the Year 1795 - - - - 930,047 12 3

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage, for the embodied Militia and

Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1795..... ----- - - 210,00a -

For defraying the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1795 ----- - 107,13711 6

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1794 to the 24th Day of December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days - - - -- - 280,048 8 3

For defraying the Charge of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry m

Great Britain, for the Year 1795 - -- - ----- - - 80,000 -

For defraying the Charge of 18,000 Hanoverians, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1795 ----- -- 495,655 — — r

For defraying the Charge of 12,531 Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1795, pursuant to Treaty ----- ----- ---- - 333,253 ——

For defraying the Charge of 3,000 Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1795, pursuant to Treaty ----- ----- ---- - 76,076 — —

For defraying the Charge of 2,289 Men of the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1795,

pursuant to Treaty - -- -- -- -- - 92,242 -

For the Charge of the several Regiments and Corps to be raised for the Service of Great Britain, in pursuance of an Act passed

34 Geo. 3*. Cap. 43. - -- -- -- -- - 427,269 1 6

For defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to the embodied Militia, in the Year 1794 ----- -- 23,806 ti 5

For defraying the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, for several Periods, in the Year 1794 - - 246,877 15 —

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1795 - 149,856 15 1

For paying Money due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America by the Hessian

Troops employed in His Majesty's Service, pursuant to Treaty with his Serene Highness - -- -- - 68,850 12 — |

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day

of December 1793 to the 24th Day of December 1794 - -- -- - 3,063,968 12 4

To enable His Majesty to make good His Engagements with the King of Sardinia - -- 200,000 — - _

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada, in America, from the 1 st Day of January to the 31 st Day of December 1795 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from tho 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796 -For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st Day of April 1795 to the 1st Day of April 1796 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796 For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795 For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1794 to the 10th Day of October 1795

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa....

For the Expences of the NewRoaas of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1795 - -

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of Elis Majesty's Mint, from the 1st Day of January to the 27th Day of July 1794 -

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, from the 28th Day of July to the 31st Day of December 1794 -

Towards defraying the Expence of making Preparation for the Marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ——

For defraying the Expence of completing the Works at Carlton House ....

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction

of the National Debt....

For the Board of Agriculture; for the Service of the Year 1705 - *....

To be applied iu Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College - - -....

For Monies due to the Representatives of the late Richard Oswald, Esq. as Contractor for supplying Bread and Waggons to the Allied Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, between September 1758 and March 1763 . ~ - ....

Sr

f. d.

">674,358 17 8*

7.175 ——

4>4*5 ——

4.550 ——

1,900 ——

1,800 ——

1,232 10 —

4,050 ——

580 ——

Coo ——

5,241 ——

20.000 — —

4.500 ——

5,682 2 4

1,386 2 6

27»5°° ——

25.000 ——

200,000 ——

3,000 ——

1.500 ——

41,688 14 6 £

",674,358 17 81

7.» 75 44*5 4-53°

1 , O00 1,800 1,232

10 —

4,050 ——

290 ——

450 — —

5,241 ——

20,000 ——

3.000 ——

5,682 2 4

1,386 2 6

27>5<JO ——

25,000 ——

200000 ——

3.000 ——

1,500 ——

41,688 14 6 $

o

O'

For Thomas Baucutt Mash, for the like Sum advanced by him for the First Five Payments towards the Lottery 1794, and become forfeited by omitting to make the future Payments (voted 525/. 165. 8 d. but satisfied with) ——

To John Farhill, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of that Commission ——

For the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1795, on all Orders made out, pursuant to an Act 28° Geo. 3tU. for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered by the Cession of* East Florida to the King of Spain For the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1795, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act 30° Geo. 3111, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain To John Wilmot, Esq. late one of the Commissioners for American Claims, for a Clerk employed to deliver out Certificates signed by the said Commissioners For Rewards to the Officers of the Exchequer, for managing, directing, and paying the Orders made out for the Relief of the American Sufferers, et al. To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons -To make good the like Sum, which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esq. To make good the like Sum, which has been issued for the Expence of sundry Articles sent to the Settlement in New South Wales, and the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement ——

To make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esq. for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the

River Thames - -- -- -- --....

To make good the like Sura, which has been issued to James Bradley, Esq. for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langston and

Portsmouth Harbours, Ac. - -.....- - ....

To make good die like Sum, which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to Thomas Cotton, Esq. out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty s Government ——

To make good the like Sum issued to William Chinnery, Esq. to be by him paid over to certain French Proprietors of the Island of Saint Domingo, to enable them to go there ——

To make good the like Sum, issued to John Wilmot, Esq. et al. Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France To make good the like Sum, issued to D°, from the 13th Day of February 1795, for the Support, Clothing, Maintaining, Ac. of the suffering Clergy and

Laity of France, and to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the Magistracy of France.

To make good the like Sum, issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1794 and the 5th Day of January 1795 ——

To make good the like Sum, issued to William Chinnery, Esq.; to enable him to discharge Claims for Fees on Escheats and Forfeitures in the Province of Nova Scotia, and for other Services - * ——

To make good the like Sum, issued to William Pollock and William Huskisson, Esqrs. for an Allowance to a Superintendant appointed to attend the Business arising out of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, from the 10th of January 1793 to the 1 ith of July 1794, and for Expences of Printing in consequence of the said Act -

To make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Evance, Esq. as an Allowance to himself and Thomas Broaie, for continuing and perfecting the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords ——

O* To make good the like Sum, issued to the Representatives of William Blackburn, Esq. as a Compensation for his Trouble in making Designs for the Penitentiary Houses intended to be built at the Public Expence, and for other Business relative thereto, and to Jeremy Bentham, Esq. to enable him to make

Preparations for the Custody and Care of the Convicts proposed to be confined therein. ——

To make good the like Sum, issued to James Willis, Esq. to be applied with a View to the forming an Establishment in Africa for the Purpose of opening a Commercial Intercourse with the interior Parts of that Continent ——

o

o

Q

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1793, at Lady -day 1795 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1793, at Michaelmas 1795 - -

To complete the Sum of £. 2,697,000 granted to His Majesty out of th® Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1794 -1 To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1794 -

\To make good the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of January 1796 ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £.2,000,000 in Exchequer Bills made out by Virtue of an Act 340 Geo. 3d1, and charged upon the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1795, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £.1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of One other Act 340 Geo. 3^, and charged further upon the First Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1795, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 2,500,000 /. in Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act 340 Geo. 3tU, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, together with thelnterest and Charges attending the same To the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Exchequer Bill Office, &c. - - -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for 18,000,000 /. raised by Annuities for the Service of the Year 1795 ----- ....

511 17 6 1,488 13 6

511 17 6 1,488 13 6

304,549 6

203,028 18 — $

55,091 *7 132 5 1,160 — 47,649 *

4,794 6

6

6

5

6

6,958 8 4

11,463 13 8

15,44" 5 n 1

5M34 9 8

132 5 6

1,160 ——

47,649 1 5 4,794 6 6

6,958 8 4

11,463 13 8

15,440 5 11 J

34.500 -

1,059 14 —

98,410 ——

37.500 -

24,335 18 — 468 16 1

1,089 6 a |

869 19 —

3,823 10 5

4,069 3 —

183,500 8 7

139,*34 1+ 5 f 848,915 4 31 744,057 n 1

14,836 14 51

.097,65a 14 3

1,561,406 5 —

3,601,790 14 7 34* 18 9$

*4,504 5 —

84,500 —

1,059 14 —

98,410

37,500 — —

34,335 18 —

468 16 I

1,089 6

& 00 19 —

3,833 10 $

4,069 3 —

183,500 8 7,

139>334 14 si

848,915 4 3j

744,057 11 1 1

14,826 14 si

2,097,652 14 3

1,561,406 5 —

3,601,790 342 14 18 li

14,504 5 —

1,520

3,657

8 ~i

7 10

D

n'

CD

Q_

cr

a

o

eg

FT

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Discount on prompt Payments to the Contributors of the said 18,000,000l.

To D°, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in a Lottery for raising 758,541 /. 13 s. 4 d. for the Service of the Year 1795.....- ....

To D°, for receiving the Contributions to the said Lottery, paying the Prizes, &c. and for Discounts on prompt Payments to the several Contributors For the Charges ana Expences in preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof -To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1793, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.....-....

Whereof hath been issued to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces -

To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy ——

To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Ordnance ——

To the Bank of England, to pay Bills of Exchange drawn by Claude Scott, Esq.

s. d.

- 2,200,000

- 17^373

40,000

- 88,626

1 11

18

£. 2,500,000 ——

Towards satisfying the 6ame,

There remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to the Lottery To be raised on the Consolidated Fund ——

£. s. d. £. s. d. £: s. d.

315,472 *2 11 315,472 * n

500,000 - 500,000

1,732 14 5 1,733 14 5

12,000 1,500 10,500

2,500,000 2,500,000

32,751,496 4 14 30,281,88915 n i 3,469,606 8 3

16,948 5 104,703 u

81

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

2,000,000

750,000

18,000,000

758>54A

3,895>000

2,000,000

1,500,000

2,500,000

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same, viz. s. d. $h.

— — By 4 per Lib. on Land.

----- -By the Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1795.

— — By Annuities.

13 4 By a Lottery:

— — Out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

— — By Exchequer Bills, charged upon the first Aids granted for the

Service of the Year 1796.

----- By Exchequer Bills, charged further on D°.

----- By Exchequer Bills, charged upon the first Aids granted for the

Service of the Year 1796.

30,403,54* *3 4

3,347,954 *0 9 i Deficiency of the Ways and Means. £ 33,751.496 4 if

o

Mnndum.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as

follow; liz.

For the late African Company's Creditors....

For Georgia Bills, Residue of 15,496 L 19*. i$(L -To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 4 & £ per Cent, granted Anno 1785 To complete 600 /. granted Anno 1788, for the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica ——

To pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28° Geo. 3tU, for the Relief of American Sufferers, and Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida, and charged on Supplies A° 1789 -To pay D° made out pursuant to the said Act, and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1790 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30 Geo. 3tU, and charged on D°

To pay D° made out pursuant to the Act 28° Geo. 3tfl, and changed on the Supplies Anno 1791 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30° Geo. 3lii, and charged on D°

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 28° Geo. 3tU, and charged on the Supplies Anno 1792 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30 Geo. 3tU, and charged on D°

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 28° Geo. 3111, and charged on the Supplies Anno 1793 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30° Geo. 3tU, and charged ©n D°

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 28° Geo. 3fa, and charged on the Supplies Anno 1794 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30° Geo. 3tU, and charged on D°

For the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton, charged on the Supplies Anno 1791

For Salaries to the Officers of the Bahama Islands - - - D° -

For - D° - to the Chief Justice of Dominica, charged on the Supplies Anno

*793 ....

121,651 17 4i

2,347,954 10 9i

s. d.

900 13 10

5/0 17 7f

816 13 51

177 1 —

733 4 4t

396 17 9*

163 14 10 k

529 — 2|

5,014 10 IO

655 12 8 f

3,260 12 3*

861 15 loi

3,183 5 2*

1,188' 1 *£

3,549 15 4

1,600 —

2,014 — —

115 5

25,730 17 — 4

Presented the 3^ Day of March 179^, by

W, Speer.

36 Geo. III. 3 Martii. 463

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Clitheroe Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to BHd^Road w^om Bill for continuing the Term, and altering BiH reported. anc* ei, larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from the Market Cross in the Township of Clitheroe,

" to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and ( then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

j Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

s ingrossed.

i Ty3oe In- Sir John Mordaunl reported from the Committee, to

re°S*rted w^om the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

1 ' Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Mea-

2 dows, Pastures, Lands and Gounds, and Common or

\ Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick, was committed: That the Committee

5 had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

complied with; and that the Committee had examined: the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

\ true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 81 Yard Lands, who

did not choose to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 130 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, shirtTfora Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto TjucobDogs, subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That many fatal, afflicting, and calamitous Events have of late very frequently happened, both to the human and brute Species, in the Neighbourhood of the Petitioners, from Canine Madness, and great Mischiefs and Injuries have, for some Time past, been almost incessantly done, in and about the said Neighbourhood, by various Kinds of Dogs, particularly by their Destruction of vast Numbers of Sheep and Lambs of the best Breed, the Value whereof in that Part of the Kingdom is inestimable; and that the Petitioners are fully persuaded that, at a Time like the present, when the Scarcity of Meat of all Kinds, and various other Necessaries, is felt in a most unexampled and alarming Degree throughout the Kingdom, it is become a Public Grievance that so large and increasing a Number U¥' Vox.. 51.

of useless carnivorous Animals should be permitted to be kept, the supporting of which must be highly injurious to the Means of Subsistence of labouring and necessitous Persons, it being well known that many Hundreds of Families in that useful Class of Society might be amply provided for, and maintained, with what is daily consumed by the Multitude of unnecessary Dogs: And the Petitioners, therefore, relying on the Wisdom of the House, and its Attention to alleviate the Hardships of the Times, and redress the Public Grievances, humbly pray, That, as a principal Means conducive thereto, an Impost, Taxation, or Duty, may be laid upon Dogs, and that a Bill may be brought into the House, this Session, for that Purpose, and passed into a Law, with such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Gnieford and

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Shireoaks In-Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the closur®, Townships of Gat ford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of report Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Powers of an Act, nill to cn-passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His large Powers present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better of Ramsgate " paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching ^ct,'passed.

" the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the '

" Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for " removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and " for erecting a Market House, and holding a Public " Market, in the said Vill," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better paving,

" cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill " of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and " for erecting a Market House, and holding a Public " Market, in the said Vill."

Ordered, That Mr. Iionywooddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Morwellham Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation Quay and from Moncellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, Tamerton in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the .‘):.,1vlgatK,n Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, tH|. *,)iesen ~ and also a certain Collateral Cut from Bridge,

in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near

to

Till to vnry

I1 - ! !MiJ -M

tue^omerset-shire Coal Canal Navigation, &c. reported-

Corthym'i Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Cheswardine inclosuro Bill, reported.

Petition from the Masters of the Tackle 1iousee

464

3° Marin. . 1796.

to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone " Roads, from the several Collieries in the County 41 of Somerset, to communicate with the intended " Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, " in the County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Benjamin Pugh, M.D. was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

C? 1

the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henri/ Augustus Corthym, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cheswardine, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of loo Acres of Land; and that the Whole of the Lands of Persons having Right of Common consists of 3,921 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Masters of the Tackle Houses of the Twelve superior Companies of the City of

a.

London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was agaiut Lon-presented to the House and read; Setting forth, d°n Dpcb, That the Petitioners legally hold their Appointments from the Lord Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of J^ondon, and the Special Nomination of the Masters, Wardens, and Courts of Assistants, of their several Companies, whereby they are deputed to execute the Office of Tackle Portage within the Port of the said City and Liberties thereof, for the Term of their respective Lives; and that a very considerable Part of the Goods and Merchandize, imported and exported at and from the present legal Wharfs and Quays, are, and must, according to Law, be landed and shipped, under the Care and Custody of the Petitioners, who respectively advance their Money, and are always responsible for Accidents, Damages, and Losses, by Theft or otherwise, while the same are in their Charge, and that, as Occasion may have required, the said Masters of the Tackle Houses have never failed to indemnify the Owners of all such Goods and Merchandize, by which Means the Trade snd Business of the said Port of London have been greatly secured and benefited, and the Emoluments attached to the Immunities of the Office, or Business, of the Petitioners, is the only Source of Subsistence for themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill depending in the House for making M et Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackzcall to the said Docks in Wapping, and, if the Scheme proposed by the said Bill should be carried into Effect, the Trade and Business of the City and Port of London would, in a great Degree, be removed to a new Situation, out of the Limits and Jurisdiction of the City, w here any Man, or set of Men, might exercise and carry on the Trade and Business of the Petitioners, whereby the Petitioners would be deprived of that exclusive Privilege they apprehended to be secured to them when they obtained their respective Appointments, and embarked their Capitals in their Business, the Consequence of which must be very material Injury and Distress, if not total Ruin, to themselves, and Families; and that if certain practicable Improvements were made at and near the present Legal Quays and Wharfs, and proper Jiegulations adopted for facilitating the landing, loading, carrying, housing, and for shipping, of Goods and Merchandize thereon, and therefrom, every necessary Accommodation and Dispatch might be had and given, notwithstanding the increased Trade of the Port of London: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the petition from Poor, and other Inhabitants, paying to the Relief of the Cover-the Poor, of the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in nors of the the County of Surrey, was also presented to the House, habitants of*

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have st. John, been informed, that a Bill for making Wet Docks, Southwark, Basons and Cuts, in JPopping and and also against D*

for making a Navigable Cut from Blackwall to the 1 ' said Docks is now depending in the House, and they are greatly alarmed at the Introduction of the said Bill, and the Clauses thereof, as the Petitioners conceive it to be a mischievous Project, tending to create exclusive Privileges, and to restrict the Liberty of Trading as heretofore, with an arbitrary Exaction and Levy of Tonnage that will necessarily raise the Prices of every Article of Merchandize to the Consumers: That the Situation of the Parish of Saint John, Southwark (which comprises a Line of Wharfing upon the Bank of the River Thames nearly 3,000 Feet in Length, opposite to the Custom House and

Tower

36 Geo. III. 3° Martii.

Tower of London, in the very Heart and Seat of Commerce, with Depth of Water convenient for 'Ships of great Tonnage to lay and unload at the Quay) pointed out in former Times so many natural Advantages for Trade, that, in the Course of the last Sixty Years, many Individuals have been induced to lay out and risque very considerable Capitals in erecting and establishing Wharfs and Warehouses for the immediate Accommodation and Convenience of landing, shipping, and storing, all Sorts of Merchandize, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs have successively annexed thereto the Privileges of Sufferance Wharfs, and the said Commissioners have also, upon mature Deliberation, as appears by their Resolutions of the Year 1789, recognized the whole of the Boundary Line of the said Parish next to the River Thames as capable of affording the accustomed Conveniences of Public Wharfs for the Accommodation of Trade in general, and that large and extensive Granaries ana Storehouses, for the Housing of Corn and Flour, have also been set up at a considerable Expence, and form a very convenient Depdt for the constant and immediate Supply of those necessary Articles of Consumption for the Metropolis: That full Four Parts in Five of the Housekeepers of the said Parish consist of Lightermen, Warehousemen, Watermen, and Persons using the Sea, and others, engaged at such Wharfs and Warehouses, who are led to reside in the said Parish on account of the local Benefits arising to them therein from its advantageous Situation immediately at the Seat of Commerce, and who, in consequence of any Removal of the present Trade therefrom (which the said Bill tends to effect) will either be totally deprived of their Connections and Livelihood, or otherwise compelled to remove therefrom, under great uncertainty of obtaining a living elsewhere ;and that the said Parish hath been, and is, greatly burthened with Poor, and the Poor Rates, heretofore collected at Four Shillings in the Pound per Annum on the Rack Rents, were found inadequate to the Support of the Poor, in so much that the Petitioners were under the Necessity of obtaining an Act of Parliament, granting further Powers in Aid of the Poor Rate, and under the Authority of which Act they borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, by Way of Life Annuities, to pay off large Debts contracted on Account of the Poor, which Annuities are secured upon the Faith and Credit of the Poor Rates to be raised in the said Parish, and all of such Annuitants are now living; and that, in consequence of the great Improvements and extensive Wharfs made in the said Parish, and its advantageous and convenient Situation for Commerce, the Trade therein and thereto had greatly increased, and the better to accommodate the Public in carrying on the same, the Petitioners (with the neighbouring Parish of Saint Olave) about Eight Years ago, at a very considerable Expence, obtained an Act of Parliament for opening, widening, and improving, the Streets and Avenues leading to London Bridge, and thereby voluntarily imposed upon themselves and their Posterity, an additional Rate for the Public Benefit, and, under the Powers of the said last mentioned Act, many Thousand Pounds have been borrowed by Way of Life Annuities, which are also secured to the Annuitants upon the Faith and Credit of the Rates to be made by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that the Money, paid for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish by the Occupiers of the said Wharfs, Warehouses, and Granaries, amounts to upwards of 900l. a Year, and is more than Two Fifths of the whole Monies collected in the said Parish for the Relief of the Poor, and the other Parochial and Parliamentary Rates bear a like Proportion; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will tend to remove the greater Part of the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London to a considerable Vol. 51,

Distance from its accustomed Channel, will prejudice the Petitioners in their private Trade, reduce the Value of those Estates which are the great Resources from whence the Poor Rates and other Rates are drawn, and thereby render those Rates less productive, diminish the Securities of the above described Annuitants, who advanced their Monies in Faith of the Produce of such Rates, and otherwise greatly oppress and injure the Inhabitant Shopkeepers of the said Parish, who derive the greater Part of their Trade in consequence of the Influx of Vessels to the present Seat of Commerce: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Bla to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth V ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage

through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report'to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with' the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

6 C Lord

Bill for amending the Warwick and Braunston Canal Act, deferred.

Henshall's Smithy, &c. Roads Bill, presented.

Crossford Bridge, and Altrincham Road Bill, reported.

466 3° Martii. . 1796.

Cumwhitton tnd Cumrew Enclosure 3ill, presented.

Lord Viscount Morpeth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, both within, and Parcel of, the Barony

of Gilstand, in the County of and likewise

a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called King in the said Parish of Cumwhitton, and Parcel of the said Barony: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

(ill for setting Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to

he Bailiwick ^r<*er> a Bill for setting out Lands in Lieu of, and fCliffe,'pre- Compensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon ented. ' the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

irandbo- Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom losure Bill ^ie B'B for dividing and inclosing the Open and

ported. 'Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 86 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of 13 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed amounts to 968 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ccounts The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the esented. Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in;

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

xm 1795. An Account of Money received on the Loan of 1795, on the 12th of September 1795: And also,

>tteryi795. An Account of Money received for the Lottery of 1795, on the 12th of September 1795: And also, sind and An Account of what Money had been issued on the 1111795- Land and Malt Tax for the Year 1795, on the 12th of September 1795: And also, oteofCre- An Account of what Sums had been raised on the 1 >795- Vote of Credit for 1795, on the 12th of September 1795: And also,

Monies re- An Account of the Monies reserved for the Payment

rved for of His Majesty's Civil List, from the 4th of January

ivLUt?f 1795 to the 12th Septem 1795: And also, oney from An Account of the Money paid to the different ivil List. Departments payable from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 5th January 1795 to 12th September 1795-

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill for *x-Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, plaining Act intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now Tolls for exin being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that tra Weight, " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other ordered.

" Purposes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and altering " an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament,

" the general Laws now in being for regulating of " Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same " relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used " in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for " allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight " and Payment of Toll in particular Cases," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and altering so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for explaining and altering an " Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes," so far as the " same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at " Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to " be used in Carriages draw'n on Turnpike Roads;

" and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to " Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cases," as relates to the Payment of additional Tolls to be taken for extra Weight in certain Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and also to enable Trustees to lower the Tolls on such extra Weight within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, and for imposing additional Tolls on such Carriages in certain Cases: And that Mr. Alderman Lushington and Mr.

Byng do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill for re-Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- ducing into jesty, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of " an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Acts, or Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles dered.

" the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the " Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as " relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for " the better ordering the same," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " altering, amending, and rendering more effectual,

" an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of an Act,

" passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of " the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to " the Militia of the City of London; and for the better " ordering the same," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered,

36 Geo. III.

3° Martii.

467

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City: And that Sir JVatkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Anderson, and Mr. Alderman Lushington, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mirfield A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

committed' ' Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee appointed to prepare Militia Estimate*

Petition in favour of London Docks, &c. Bill.

Petition from the West India Planters, Ac. against the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Secretary at War, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Planters of the West India Colonies resident in Great Britain, and of the Merchants trading to the said Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from to the said

Docks in Wapping: And praying, That the said Bill

may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited;

A Petition of the Planters of the British West India Islands, residing in Great Britain, and of the Merchants trading to the said Islands, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Preamble of the said Bill states the said Trade to be contrary to the Principles of Justice and Humanity, an Assertion which the Petitioners expressly deny to be founded on any authentic Evidence, and which, on the other Hand, has been controverted, on Oath, by many respectable Witnesses, but which, if recognized by the Parliament of Great Britain, must lead to the most fatal and dangerous Consequences; and that the Maintenance and Avowal of such Doctrines, under such Authority, at the present Juncture, can have no other Effect on the Minds of uncivilized Men than to destroy all Manner of Subordination and good Government in the Colonies, and to induce the Negroes to make a general Struggle for a wild and lawless Freedom through Desolation and Bloodshed: That the Doctrines, advanced by the Advocates for abolishing the Slave Trade, are calculated not only to sustain the Rebellions and Insurrections at present actually prevailing in some of the said Colonies, but also to provoke them in the Islands where they are not yet excited, and, that the calamitous intestine War, now raging in Grenada, Saint Vincent's, and Jamaica, did not originate with the Slaves imported into those Islands from Africa, but from the Free People of Colour in one Case, and from the Free Blacks in the Two others; and representing to the House, that, on the Faith of a System, recognized and supported by Royal Charters and the Legislature of Great Britain Vot. 51.

for near Two hundred Years, many of the Planters in the British West Indies have been induced to invest immense Capitals in the Purchase and Cultivation of Lands in those Colonies, which, should the said Bill pass into a Law, will be totally lost, and that there are, at this Time, in the Whole of the said Islands, considerably more than One Million of Acres of Land, so purchased, remaining uncultivated, for which Quit Rents have been paid, and continue to be paid, to a very great Amount, and, if the Slave Trade is abolished, the Whole of such Lands must become an absolute Burthen and Incumbrance in the Hands of the present Proprietors; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be a leading Principle of the British Constitution, that no Man can be deprived of his Property by an Act of the Legislature without his own Consent, or Compensation allowed, which, from its Magnitude, and other Considerations in this Case, cannot even be thought of: That the said Colonies have been originally settled under the most sacred Compacts with the Mother Country, sanctioned by Royal Charters and Proclamations, as well as by a Succession of Acts of Parliament, authorizing and encouraging the Slave Trade, particularly by the Charters granted, in 1662 and 1674, by King Charles the Second, which established a Royal African Company (the last of which was granted in Consequence of an Address from both Houses of Parliament) and by the Acts of the 9th and 1 oth of King William the Third, a Period when the Principles of Civil Liberty were minutely investigated, well understood, and freely asserted, and, more recently, by the Act of the 23d of George the Second, which recites the Usefulness and absolute Necessity of the African Slave Trade: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

The latter Part of the said Motion, for hearing the Petitioners by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of . mery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the Counties of Montgomery and without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeeth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited, be now read a Second Time;

The

The Lords have agreed to

Montgomery, &c. Poor Bill.

Leed9 and Harrogate Road Bill.

Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, committed.

3°

-° Martii.

468

A. 1796.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

64.

3i.

Account of Disposition of Grants; and Accounts respecting the Loan, &c. to be printed.

{The Lord Muncaster,

Mr. Robert Smith:

General Tarleton,

Sir William Young:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1795 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 3d Day of March 1796, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; and also, of the several Accounts which were, this Day, presented to the House by Mr. Fisher (from the Exchequer) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act " containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, " Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices;" and also, the Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act made for the " Explanation of the Statute, made in the Fifth Year " of the late Queen Elizabeth'sReign, concerning Labourers," be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till To-Morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ConsideratioD

of Acts respecting Artificers, Labourers, 4a deferred.

Estimate of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt, Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood ordered. on glst ]}ay of j Dec 1795.

Account of

unprovided

Ordnance

Services,

ordered.

Account of

Sums advanced by the Bank, ordered.

Middlesex I Justices Bill, I- deferred.

1

1

1 Thornton, Farmanby,

: &c. Inclosure Bill, reported.

I 11

' I

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the unprovided Services belonging to the Office of Ordnance, as they stood on the 31st of December 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money advanced by the Bank of England for the Public Service, outstanding on the 31st of December 1792, and on the 31st of December

> 795-

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading a Second Time Tomorrow Morning, the Bill for continuing and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Administration of the Office of a " Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties " of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of " Felonies," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 11th Day of this Instant March.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerbum, and Kmgthorp, within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerbum, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,

a

Veneris, 4* die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii III. U Regis, 1796.

Praters.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Mitchell's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Nat Bill, tuled, An Act for naturalizing David Mitchell, was r^^d,aDd committed; That the Committee had examined the p Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, Accounts of from the Governor and Company of the Bank of Sum» England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to presentoi their Order,

An Account of all Sums of Money advanced by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and outstanding on the 31st December 1792: And also,

An Account of all Sums of Money advanced by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and outstanding on the 31st December 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers'of this Session.

A Bill

36 Geo. III.

4° Martii.

469

Bill for com* A Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing

pleting the an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Purposes of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, Pavint0I&c "imProv'nfi> regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting,

Act, com-C' " the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, and mitted. " Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the " County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with " Water, and for repairing the Highways within the " Parish of Maidstone," to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Honeywood's for enabling the Trustees for Sale of certain Estates of Estate Bill, sir John Honywood, Baronet, which stood settled on committed. ^im as Tenant for Life, unimpeachable for Waste, to sell the same Estates with the Timber and Underwood standing, and for allowing him to receive the Amount of such Timber and Underwood at a fair Valuation, and for debarring him from falling Timber, or committing Waste, on the Lands hereafter to be purchased, was read a Second Time.

% Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gipps,

Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according

InclosunT6 to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bill, present- 'Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other ! Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lord-

ship of Hibaldstorwe, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Folkestone Mr. Honywood presented to the House, according to Paving, &c. Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Mated rC~ Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of sen stone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act. Deal Paving, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His &c. Act, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

committed. paving} and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and " Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing " Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Honywood, Mr. Gipps, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Snenton In- Mr. Robert Smith reported from the Committee, to

closure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing reported. the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Snenton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Vol. 51.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ty80e f»-and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable ll'

Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common p or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Osborn be added to the Gentle- Member add-men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ®jj to bring in Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of his Moretaine Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Right honourable the inclosureBUl. Earl of Ashbumham, the Right honourable the Earl Spencer, and the Right honourable the Earl of Upper Ossory, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Open Fields and Commonable Lands in the Parish of M Moretaine, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Osborn presented to the House, according to Marston Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Moretaine Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Marston Moretaine, in the County of sented. Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Cartmel In-Reading of the Bill for improving, dividing, and inclosing closure Bill, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the committed-Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tene- Counsel ments in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine ordered, of Lancaster, and in right thereof entitled to Right of Common in and upon all the Commons and Waste Grounds there, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

6 D Ordered,

by

Tlast India Company's Petition for erecting Warehouses in Gravel Lane, d/c. reported.

1

' East India Company's Petition for erecting Warehouses in Leadenhall Street, &c. 'reported.

470 4° Martii. A. 1196.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Committee to whom the said Bill is committed. Ramsay Esquire, Secretary to the said Company, being

examined, said, That they are Owners and Proprietors Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, do make in Fee Simple, of a certain Edifice called The East the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of India House, and of divers Offices and Warehouses ad-the United Company of Merchants of England, trading joining, situate in Leadenhall Street, and extending in to the East Indies, was referred. the back Part thereof to the West Side of Lime Street,

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier accordingly reported from in which House, besides other valuable Property, the the said Committee, That the Committee had examined said Company keep their Records, Books, Papers, and the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed Writings: And,

to be reported to the House; and he read the Report Mr. Thomas Poynder, being also examined, said, That in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the there are several Houses and Buildings in LeadenkaH Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as Street, lying to the Eastward of the said Company's followeth; viz. _ House, and running from thence to the North-West

To prove the Allegations of the said' Petition, Mr. Corner of Lime Street, and also sundry Houses and Thomas Poynder, being examined, said, That the said Buildings in the said Street, running from the said North-Company have purchased and contracted to purchase, West Corner up to Premises belonging to the Com-and are possessed of a large Spot of Ground, lying on pany, now used as a Shipping Office for Private Trade, both Sides of Gravel Lane, in the Parish of Saint Bo- and other Offices over the same; which said Houses tolph Aldgate, in the City of London, between New and Buildings in some Parts are intermixed Property,

Street towards the North, Petticoat Lane towards the by the lower Rooms belonging to, and being occupied East, Harrow Alley towards the South, and Hounds- by different Persons, from the upper Parts of such Build-

ditch towards the WeBt, for the Purpose of building ings, and most of the said Houses and Buildings are very Warehouses thereon; but that some of the Grounds so old, and are in great Part Timber, and Lath and Plaister contracted for are in Settlement, and cannot be con- Buildings, and are therefore very dangerous in respectiveyed without the Authority of Parliament. — And being to Fire, and hazardous Trades are carried on in Parts further examined, he said, That the said new Street will of the said Premises.

be much more commodious and convenient to the Pub- And the Witness further said, That the North Ind

lie, and will be a very great Accommodation to the . of Lime Street, opposite to the said Houses, is wery Neighbourhood, and improve the Value of the Estates narrow and inconvenient to the Public, and the Com-there, but which cannot be done without Power given pany are desirous to widen the same for the Public Ac-to the said Company to purchase and pull down certain commodation, so as to make it of the Width of Twenty-Buildings; and that it is necessary to change the present two Feet from the Entrance thereof up to the Premises inconvenient public Way and Passage through Gravel in Ziwie S/ree/belonging to the said Company.

Lane to the said intended new Street: Then, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill'to

Mr. Peter. Corbett, being examined, said, That the enable the United Company of Merchants of England Goods to be deposited in the said Warehouses will be trading to the East Indies to purchase certain Houses of very great Value, and in which the Public will be and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and interested as well as the said Company; and that it is to widen the North End of Lime Street: And that necessary that the said Warehouses, for Safety and Con- Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier and Mr. Scott do prepare, venience, should be united, and made private; but that and bring in, the same, the said Ground is intersected and divided by Gravel

Lane, leading in different Directions from Petticoat Sir Young reported from the Committee, to Butleighln. Lane, into Houndsditch, running nearly through the whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a closure Bill,

Center of the said:Ground; and that the said Lane is certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, for- report*<1-exceedingly narrow, and very inconvenient for Carriages, merly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of being in many Parts thereof not more than Eight Feet Butleigh, in the County of Somerset, was committed; wide. — And he further said, That the Quantity of Goods and to whom the Petition of John Halves, Esquire, to be deposited in the said: Warehouses may, at some was referred; That the Committee had examined, and Times, amount'to the Value of 3,000,000l.; and that found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative the said Warehouses will be under the King's Lock, for to Bills of Inclosure, bad been complied with; and that1 the Purpose of securing the Duties of Customs,' which the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the vary upon different Kinds of Goods, but upon an said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Behalf of Average may be rated at about 25/. per Cent1 on the the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined whole Value. the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for true; and that the Parties concerned had given their enabling the United Company of Merchants oi England Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Com-trading to the East Indies to purchase Ground for mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel they had directed him to report to the House; and Lane in Petticoat Lane: And that Mr. Alderman Le he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Mesurier and Mr. Scott do prepare, and bring in, the the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's same. Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One,

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier do make and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition' agreed to by the House.

of the United Company of Merchants of England, trad- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing to the East Indies, was referred.' ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had Sir William Young reported from the Committee, to Woollaving-examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open ton Inclosure had directed to be reported to the House; and he read and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allot- BlU, reported the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in ting, and' improving, the Open and Commonable at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and1 Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woolldvington, in is as followeth; viz. the County ofwas committed; and to

Swansea

Lighthouse

Petition,

reported.

Owerand-

\>otrough In-tAosure Bill, passed.

36 Gfco. III. 4° Mattii.

471

the Petition of John Dentes, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee; to whom the Petition Of Thomas Morgan, John Morris, and Calvert Richard Jones, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them;-to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an1 Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees appointed by the said Act were empowered to erect a sufficient Building at or near The Mumbles, within the Port of Swansea, for keepings Coal or other Light burning for the Purposes therein mentioned: And,

Joseph Huddart, Esquire, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act, such Building hath been erected, and Lights kept burning, which has afforded great Protection and Security to Vessels navigating those Parts, and particularly so in the recent tempestuous Weather: Then,

Mr. Gabriel Jeffreys, Clerk to> the said Trustees, being also examined, said, That the Provisions of the' said Act have been found inadequate for defraying the Expence of supporting the said Lighthouse, eveh id its present State: And,

Mr. Huddart', being further examined, said, That as the said Lights are' capable of Improvement, and may be rendered of general Advantage and Protection to Ships navigating the Bristol Channel, it is proposed that a; small Duty should be laid on all Vessels navigating within certain Limits of the said Channel.

Ordered'jThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the' County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles: And that Mr. Thomas Williams, Sir Wat kin Lewesj and Mr. Morgan, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingroSsed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandboroug in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,' Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham.

Vol. 51.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Ramsey Tn-whom the Petition of the several Persons whose closure and Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Pro- ^^Peuu'on prietors of Messuages having Right of Common upon reported. ' certain Commons and Waste Lands, called The Hern Common and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and also of the Commissioners acting in and by virtue and in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the several " Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Farceitt,

" Standground, and Water Newton, in the County of

" Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the Isle of and " County of Cambridge" was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been eom plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Said Petition, and had directed him to report the Satne, as it appeared to them; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To'prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. George Wilkinson being examined, said, That the Commons called The Hern Common and Gore Common, consist Of a large and extensive Tract of Land, which, in its present State, is 6f little Value, but if the same were divided; allotted, inclosed, drained, and preserved,1 the same might be so cultivated and improved^ that the several Persons interested therein might derive a very considerable Benefit and Advantage therefrom.

And being further examined, lie said, That the1 Commissioners acting by virtue of the said Act'have proceeded , in Execution thereof; to the great Benefit' of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, but that the same cannot be sufficiently drained and preserved, or the Debts noW due and'owing repaid, unless the said recited Act is repealed, and certain additional*

Powers given and granted fdr the Purposes of draining* and preserving the same, and of discharging the said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and pre-, serving certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, called The Hem Common and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon; and for' repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving |

" certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several " Parishes of Ramsey, Buty, Wistow, Watboys, Farcei.

" Standground and Water Newton, in the County of " Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the of Ely,

" and County of Cambridgeand for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes: And that

Mr. Charles Yorke, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in the same.

An ingrossed Bill soir 'dividing, inclosing, and allot- Little Brick-ting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, *?}*hiclosure Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, 1 pa8S and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadqws, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and othet Commonable Lands and Groupds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered,

Hanley In-:losure Bill :ommitte<L

House resolve* to adjourn to Monday.

Petition against London Docks, &c. Bill.

472

4° Mar.

A. 1796.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the the local Benefits arising to them from its advan-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. tageous Situation, and who, in consequence of a

Removal of the Trade therefrom (which the Peti-A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- tioners fear will be effected should the present Bill pass mon Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands into a Law) will be deprived of their Connections, and and Grounds, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Livelihood, or obliged to remove from their present Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the County of Habitations, to their great Loss and Inconvenience; Dorset, was read a Second Time. and that the said Parish being greatly burthened with

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Poor, an Act of Parliament was, about Four Years

Pitt, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of

since, passed, enabling the said Governors and Directors to erect a new Workhouse for the Reception of such Poor, and for the borrowing of Money on Annuities for Lives for defraying the Expence thereof, under which Authority the Sum of 5,333/. was ad-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning vanced for that Purpose, which Sum is secured to the next. several Annuitants, most of whom are still living, on the Credit of the Poors Rates thereby directed to be A Petition of the Governors and Directors of the raised on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and up-Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermond- wards of 300 Persons are at this Time wholly main-sey, in the County of Surrey, and other Inhabitants of tained in the said Workhouse, besides many others the said Parish, assessed to the Relief of such Poor, or who are obliged to be Weekly relieved thereout, being Freeholders or Leaseholders possessed or inte- whereby the Inhabitants are obliged to be rated at rested in Wharfs, Warehouses, or Buildings, within 3 f>d. in the Pound on their Rack Rents towards the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; such Payment and Support, and which Rate is at this Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having observed, Time inadequate thereto; and that the Trade on the by the Votes, that a Bill for making Wet Docks, Ba- Waterside of the said Parish having (from its advan-sons and Cuts, in Wapping and Shadwell, and also a tageous Situation) greatly increased, an Act of Parlia-Navigable Cut from Blac/czvall to the said Docks, is ment was, a few Years since obtained at a very con-depending in the House, obtained a Copy thereof, siderable Expence, for paving, lighting, cleansing.

and having duly weighed and considered the several Clauses therein, and the general Tendency thereof, are constrained, by a Sense of that Duty they owe to themselves and to Posterity, as well as from an ardent

and improving the several Streets adjoining thereto, and an Annual Tax of 2 s.3 in the Pound imposed on the Occupiers and Inhabitants of the Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, and Messuages there, for re-

Wish for the Prosperity of the Trade of the Port of paying the Monies borrowed for that Purpose, and London, to represent to the House the alarming Situa- other Expences attending the same, all which Inflation in which they conceive that Trade will be placed . bitants will, should such Bill pass into a Law, be much should such Bill pass into a Law: The Petitioners prejudiced in their several Trades, and thereby ren-conceive that the said Bill, if passed into a Law', will, dered less able to contribute their Proportions to such by the granting many exclusive Privileges to the Pro- several Rates; and that the said Bill, if passed into a

prietors of such intended Docks, create a Monopoly in such Trade, and thereby restrain that Freedom of Commerce to which the Petitioners, as well as all other His Majesty's Subjects, are justly entitled, and

Law, will tend to remove the greatest Part of the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London to a considerable Distance from its accustomed Channel, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners in their private

Estates situate near the Waterside of the said Parish, from whence great Part of the Poors Rates, and other Rates, are collected, whereby those Rates will be less productive, and the Securities of the several Annuitants, who advanced their Monies on

will also enable the Proprietors to exact an additional Trade, and will greatly reduce the Value of all the Charge for Tonnage on all Vessels entering into the T,r ' '' r ' ' 1

Port of London, although they should not go into such intended Docks, by which every Article of Merchandize brought into the said Port will ultimately be raised, and the Price thereof enhanced to the Consumers; and that great Part of the said Parish forms the Credit thereof, greatly diminished; and that the a Line of Wharfing on the Banks of the South Side several Powers and Privileges, by the said Bill requested of the River Thames, of the Length of 3,934 Feet, and to be granted, appear unnecessary, injurious in respect

within a small Distance from the Custom House and to the Public, and destructive of the Interests of Indi-Tower of London, which from the great Depth of viduals, and (if permitted) will tend to destroy that

Water flowing up to such Wharfing, is very conve- Degree of Competition so essential to the Interest of nient for Ships of considerable Tonnage to lay at and the Public, and their increasing Accommodation: And unload, and several Docks have been made adjoining the refore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into thereto for the building and repair of Vessels using the a Law.

said Port, and, from the natural Advantages to Trade Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the and Commerce arising from such Situations, the Peti- Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, tioners and others have of late Years been induced to Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation lay out and risque considerable Capitals in building and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, and improving many Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable for the immediate Accommodation and Convenience Canal from Black-wall to the said Docks in Wapping, of landing, shipping, and storing of Goods and Merchandize, and thereupon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs have permitted several of such Wharfs to have Sufferances for that Purpose; and that many Granaries and Storehouses for the Reception of Com, Flour, and other Provisions, have, within these few Years past, been erected at a considerable Expence, and are now used, in the said Parish, thereby forming convenient Stores or Repositories for the Supply of those useful and necessary articles of Life for the Inhabitants of this great Metropolis: That a very considerable Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parish consist of Lightermen, Watermen, and Warehousemen, who reside therein on Account of

Fa

T<

Hat

Cut

be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tweedy, from Estimate of the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called Navy Det>t, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Presen to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

36 Geo. III. 4° Martiu 473

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter 4th March 1796./ mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1795.

HEADS OIF THE NAVAL ESTIMATES.

PARTICULARS.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, &c.

Due to pay off tod discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Store Ships, &c. supplied for the Service thereof - -

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1795; as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by His late Majesty in Council on that Behalf

Seamen's Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off - - *

To pay Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1795 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1795 For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and Wounded Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of War, tod Contingencies relating to that Office - -

Transport Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Freight of Transports on the aforesaid 31st December 1795, and other Contingencies relating to that Service -For Miscellaneous Services provided by that Office, by Order of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of -the Treasury ——

There remained in the Hands of the Treasurers of the Navy

And also remaining in the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year *795 ....

The Debt of the Navy amounts to Ten Million Seven hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny -

3,795,688 4 4

334,221

356,345

7 3

109,368 2 10

394,409 12 10 921,132 1 8

194,003 13 5

3L548 3 1

2,952,709 8 9

16,858 6 2

24,723 16 5

35,377 7 6

2,523,455 14 8

409,992 15 11 . 491,865 15 10 1,040,977 ,8 6 .

- £.

TOTAL.

d.

4,595,62214 5

1,509,545 7 it

3,059,217 1 ii

223,994 14

2,933,448 10 7

12,321,828 8 10

1,532,843 14 4

10,788,984 14 5f

— The Sum of £.1,546,758. 16$. 6 d. has been received out of the Grants for the Year 1796, and applied towards the Expence of the Year 1795, and is not included in the above Debt.

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between the 1st January and 31st December 1795, as per Account from the Transport Office ——

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of victualling the Land Forces, between the 1st January and 31st December 1795, is

s,

2,344,075 19

d.

7

659,879 5 u

3,003,955 5 6

Vol. 51.

6 E

Jlfemd*

g

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

Memium. — There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, in Money, on the 31st December 1795, as under

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy; ntioned, and may be reckoned towards

IN WHAT TREASURER'S HANDS.

Right honbU Isaac Barre

Right honble Hr Dundas (1st Trearship.)

Right honble Charles Townsend

Right honble Hr Dundas (2d Trearship.)

Right honble Hy Dundas (New Account.)

IN MONEY.

Jin Money - -

(Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

fin Money - -; - -

[(Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

fin Money - -

[(Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

I '

fin Money ——

[(Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

fin Money - -

j(Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

ON THE HEADS OF

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

Seamens Wages.

Victuals.

3,289 9 10

m — mm

3.602 11 n{ 2,893 5 4 i 3,440 9 2 i

274,137 4 7 i

287,363 1 —

£. s. d.

2,563 10 — 10 17 9

1,728 12 ia 10 14 11

894 19 7 i 1 8j4 19 6

22 6 2

30 2 31

161,950 1 2

2,843 ?3 2

£. s. d. 88 5 4 i

116 n 3

643 17 1 512 6 3

TOTAL

11 1

} 5,458

J 4,6i7 1 7i

} 4,005 3 11

,32,901 17 4i jj 471,832 16 3

170,239 J7 5 I

34,262 17 4 I

491,865 15 10

0

0

0

00

FT C rt 5-

There remained on the 31st December 1705, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1795

A. S. HamoncL' J. Ilcnsloxv. Geo. Marsh.

C. Hope. lVm Rule* Geo. Rogers. IV. Bellingham.

£. 4* d*

1,040,977 18 6

£.s. (I

| 5,952 2 il l

CO

36 Geo. III. 4° Martii. 475

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Brighton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the lnc^ureBlU Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and ' Parish of Beighton, in the County Of Derby, was read the Third Time:

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for settling a Compensation to the Vicar for certain Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 53. 1. 25. To leave out " Forty Shillings," and insert " Three Pounds " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Beighton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Pertl), Dun- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

dee,&c.Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Perth, Dundee, Saint Andrews, Cupar, and Forfar, in the Room of Rear Admiral George Murray, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Boncnham, in the County of Buckingham.

Bill for grant- Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House

ing Duties on tG resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing certain Estates de- Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and fened. for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, be How read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Game Acts The House was moved, That an Act, made in the tobecunsi- Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better Preservation of the Game, and for securing V Warrens not inclosed, and the several Fishings of this " Realm," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the better Execution of the

Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the " destroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing " Hares in the Snow," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the more easy " Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the " Game of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Voi~ 51.

The House was also moved, That ati Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for making the Act of the Fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of the " Game, perpetual, and for making the same more " effectual," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth " Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act ‘l for the better Preservation of the Game, in relatiomto " the selling, or offering to Sale, any Game," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Acts, or such Parts thereof, to be particularly specified, as relate to the Preservation of Game; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rr 11 e .1 -i- fMr. Jenkinson, 1

Tellers for the 1 cm, (Mr. IVallac':f *7'

rr„ c .1 -v J Mr. Christian Curzven,'\

Tellers for the N oes, jj,. '] 50.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said proposed Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the several Laws now in being for the Preservation of the Game, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And the said Motion was also, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the said Acts into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

t.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Esti- Estimate of mate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on Det,t> the 31 st December 1795, be printed, as shall be sufficient to epnnte for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Graves: ' . aereed

Mr. Speaker, 0

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An VoteofCre-Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two dit Bill. Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' Perth Road* for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts,. Bill-made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain'

Roads in the County of Perth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Reimer's for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer; without any Nat. Bill. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Colne and Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lanca; without any oa 1 Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Somersham . Act for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham Heath, &c. Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing - '

and inclosing such Parts of the setid Heath as shall be

A mend-allotted ments.

476 4° — 7° Martii. A. 1796.

amendments jreed to*

allotted to the Parishes of > and

Pidky with Fenton, and also the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parishes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were readj and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. ult. After " Saint insert " with

" The Sleap and Pr. 16. L 1. After " Woodhurst" insert " and; " and in the same Line leave out from " Oldhurst" to " upon*" in 1. 3, and insert " upon the " said Heath, and also the said " Manor or Lordship of Sleap, >'* "in Saint Ives aforesaid, if the same shall be established as a " distinct Manor belonging to *the said Thomas " White, and if the Boundaries " thereof shall be found to extend into or."

Pr. 19. 1. 23. Leave out "Parish" and insert " several Parishes and in the " same Line, after " Woodhurst" " insert " and Fidley

" with

Pr. 25. 1. 30,7 and !

31.J

Pr. 26. 1. 34.

Pr. '27. 1.. 8.

Pr. 29. 1. i6,7 and >

17.J

Leave out " Rector " and insert. " Vicar."

After " the" insert " Lands

" called."

After " said" insert " Lands

" called."

Leave out " or either of their "

and insert " respective Heirs *>

Pr. 30. 1. 33. Leave out the Interlineation rt other."

Pr. 33* I. 34.1 Leave out from »< Commissioners"

35 J 10 " and, M b Pr* 34' 3‘

Pr. 34. 1. 9. Leave out from " given " to " it," in 1. 11, and insert "as aforesaid."

Pr. 35. 1. 28. After "the" insert " Manerial

" Rights, or the."

Pr. 41. 1. 34. After " any" insert " inclosed "'Grounds or;" and in the same Line leave out " or inclosed " Grounds " and insert " not"

Pr. 48. L it. After "Tenants" insert " other " than and except the Tenant " or Tenants to the Rector of " Pidky with Fenton aforesaid." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,7* die Martii}

Anno 36° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

A PETITION of the thereunder-signed Owners and Freighters of Ships and Vessels at Thome, in the Port of Hull, trading to the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have hitherto traded to the Port of London with Ships and Vessels of various Sizes, and are not by Law chargeable with any Rates or Duties for navigating the same in or upon the River Thames j and that the Petitioners find a Bill is brought into the House for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackmail to the said Docks in Wapping, by which Bill it is intended to impose certain Rates or Duties for every Ship or Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of 45 Tons, trading Coastwise betw een the Port of London and any Part of Great Britain, according to the Register Tonnage thereof, and also to impose further or higher Rates or Duties of Tonnage in case the same Ships or Vessels shall enter the said Docks, Cuts, or Canals, as there* in mentioned; and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would very materially injure the Petitioners, who will have no Occasion to make Use of the said Docks, Cuts, or Canals, and can never derive any Benefit or Advantage whatsoever from the same; that the Petitioners are perfectly satisfied with the present State and Navigation of the River Thames, and the Conveniencies established for the landing and shipping of Goods at the Port of London, and besides the Grievance of paying Rates and Duties without receiving any Consideration, the Petitioners are advised that the said Bill is, in other Respects, injurious to private Individuals, and unnecessary for the Public Accommodation: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be suffered to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hambleton, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill for more Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-ixpeditious vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Conveyance House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and deferred! regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Means ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole deferred. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered,

Supply deferred.

Petition from certain Owners, dec. of Ships at Thorne against London Docks, &c. Bill.

Hambleton Inclosure Bill presented.

Butleigh Inclosure Bill passed.

p^ — --

36 Geo. III.

7° Mar

477

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Ramsey In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, closure and and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, ^aigajfje' called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within- pre!*nted.

ft'oollaving- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open

rIi'OF and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allot- the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of ting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Huntingdon; and for repealing an Act, made in the Lnnds, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

r Cl_______ . j .1 mi i m* o _____ J I _l it h. a r i 4

of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cumwhitton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several and Comrew Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Manors inclosure Bill, an(j parjshes of Cumxvhitton and Cumreu', both within, committ . Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland, and likewise a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called King Henry, in the said Parish of Cumwhitton, and Parcel of the said Barony, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Henry Fletcher, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Clitheroe and Salford Bridge Road Bill, pas3od.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the Market Cross in the Township of " Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of " burn, in the County Palatine of ," was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for tontinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the " Market Cross in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford " Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster."

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. ICynaslon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Sevan at " Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey, at or near Netherp in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain " Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal,", and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Che*wudine An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bill, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cheswardine, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cheswardine, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. SI,

Ellesmere Canal Deviation Bill (between Ruabon and Chester) presented.

George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds,

" in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow,

" War boys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton,

" in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington,

" in the Isle of Ely, and County of ;" and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, Macclesfield a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping and Congle-in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken

Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of se'nt'eJi[e Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Henshairs several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Smithy, &c. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Roa, ls. in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present commiU Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshairs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of , and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crexce,

Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, additional Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbour-hood of the Roads herein after mentioned, was pre- Kirklington, sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of &c. Roads the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Bill, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton,

Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham; and Setting forth, That the Road branching out of One of the said Roads at or near the Toll Gate in the Village of Kirklington aforesaid, and passing across Kirklington Moor to Slreetgate Road, and communicating with the present Turnpike Road j

leading from Newark to Southwell at a Place called The Greet Bridge, all in the said County of Nottingham, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended and improved by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill for amending and improving the said Road, and placing the same under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act, it would be a1 great Convenience and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood, and an Accommodation to all Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Road: And therefore praying, That Provision may. be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. . 1

6 F Ordered,

478

7° MartH.

A. 1796.

J

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwa to the said Docks in Wapping: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

iateford and An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open hireoaks in- Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the 1 ' Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of

tion in tir of don ks, fife.

Worksop, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

The Amendments following were severalty proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i.l. 5. To leave out " a."

1. 4. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields " instead thereof; and after the Second " Field " to insert " and Upper Fields."

1. 26. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

1. 32. To leave out " Field," and insert Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 24. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields'* instead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 35. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields " instead thereof.

Pr. 14. 1. 7. To leave out " Field/' and insert " Fields " instead thereof.

Pr. 16. 1. 17. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

1. 34. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 17. 1. 32. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 20. 1. 5. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 24. 1. 39. To leave out from " Common " to " as," in 1. 40.

Pr. 25. 1. 25. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 27. 1. 31. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 34. 1. 7. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields " instead thereof.

Pr. 35. L 16. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 38. 1. 26. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

1. 36. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 41. 1. 16. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 47. 1. 39. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

Pr. 51. 1. 24. To leave out " Field," and insert " Fields" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition from Ashby-de-la-Zouch Canal, was presented to the House, the Ashby-de-and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Com- CanldCoin-pany of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent pany against to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and Trent and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called plers?yR.„ The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of to the Can

Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for setting out Lands in Lieu of, and Com- Bill for set-pensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the ting out Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds in the LtincU in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffein the Forest of cufc^com-Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for mined, extinguishing such Common Rights, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pozvys,

Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all others interested in the Import and Export Trade of the Port of London, was presented to the House, and

A Petition of the Owners or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, and other Works, upon the River Dove, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and oat of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, should such Bill pass into a Law, they shall be greatly injured in their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Moira, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Representing to the House, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner's Property would be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered,

aii

it

d

'die

Petition from Owners of Mills, &c. upon the Dove against Trent and Mersey Canal Bill.

Petition from the Earl of Moira against D° Bill.

36Ge6. III. ' 7 Mai-tiL

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at thb same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said PetitidnS.

Pftition A Petition of the Company Of Proprietor of the

ipkst the Aihhy-dt-ld-Educh Canal, was presented to the House,

lending the read; Taking Notice of the Bill for authorizing

Warwick and the Company Of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Braunston Canal Navigation to vriry the Course of a Canal Act. certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Member Ordered, That Mr. St. John be added to the Gen-

addwitobnng tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a KegiTlnclo^ pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Francis ute Bill. Duke of Bedfordand the humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford.

Houghton Mr. St.John presented to the House, according to

Kegisludo- Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Common

Rill 7 C "

ited an£l Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in

the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Billto amend Sir Robert Salusbury reported from the Committee, the Glamor- to whom the Bill to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth naUct-'re-" Year of His present Majesty, for making and main-port'ed. taining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr to

and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Leaver Layer, below the said Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the dare Canal Navigation, within the County of Glamorgan', and also, the Petition of the there-undersigned Land Owners, and others, affected by the Canal from Merthyr to Cardiff", in the County of Glamorgan, were severally referred: That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and biade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List'of the Names of the Persons who have assented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftefwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report.whs read.

OM'&ded, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeofnan Usher of the Black Rod f ME Speaker

The Lords, authorized by virtue bf His Majestys ComriUssidn, for declaring His Royal Assent to*several

Vol.51.

Acts rigrbed upon by bdth Ho'ilSeS,' do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable Horise in the riouse of Beers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, wferit up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal w;as read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal As' sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and' notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High' Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: 'Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands " adjacent:"

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on quartering Soldiers:

An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire:

An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire:

An Act for rendering effectual an Act, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith; in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop:

An Act to enable the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Work-house for the same, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Secern Canal Navigation to raise a certain Siim of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and' to maintain' aha support the said Navigation:

An Act for extending' the Ternti of the Tax; on Ladds,1 and Tolls on Goods', Wafes,' arid Merchant dizes, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-Year erf the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

480 VMartii. A. 1796.

Royal A want " An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle t» Bill*. " and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the " Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the " Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the " County of Norfolk, draining through the same to " Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said " County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place " called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint

" Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of " King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the " Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with " the said River Ouze

An Act for making and repairing the Roads from the Bridge of Dee, Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to, or near to, the Town of Stonehaven, and from thence, by Inverbervie, and by Lawrence Kirk, to the lower and upper Bridges, over the River

esk-, and for making effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour, in certain Cases, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing, High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincardine:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Gutter, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Marlyn's Gutter:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respects the Road from North in the County of Fife, to the Town of Perth, ana more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Landing Places at the ferry:

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, assed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from We Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth:

An Act to exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich, Baronet, and Dame Mary Frances his Wife, situate in the County of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual Sums, payable during the Life, and for the Benefit, of Sir George Rich, Baronet, upon the Terms therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Alvescot, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tything of Awre, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the several Parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, Cramoorth, and Southbergh, alias Barroiv, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties, of Dunton Bassett, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act to obviate a Doubt touching the Validity of certain Parts of an Award made in pursuance of an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, called Rothxcell Ilaigh, within Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether Wallop, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and other Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Basing and Alapplederwell, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Kede-xoen, Hoplon, and Overgorther, in the County of Montgomery:

An Act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbren:

An Act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, Spinster:

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Rebcnack:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Corthym:

An Act for naturalizing John Justus

An Act for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer:

A Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, Great Grims-and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Haven Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dudley North, Mr. Harrison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Twyford In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill, Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Common- Presen able and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and ^^oTwaure-Occupiers, of Warehouses situated in the Vicinity of houses in the"

the Vicinity

36 Geo. III. 7° Martii. 481

'the legal the legal Quays of the Port of and in various

London^*11* ot^er T*81"!8 of the City of London, was presented to the Dock*, &c. House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Bill. Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wtipping; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers, of Warehouses situated in the Vicinity of certain Quays upon the Banks of the River Thames, in the Port of London, known by the Name and Appellation of " The legal Quays," and of Warehouses in various other Parts of the City of London, and the said legal Quays have been established, for a long Period of Years, by virtue of certain Royal Commissions proceeding under the Sanction, and by the Authority, of divers Acts of Parliament; and that the Warehouses of the Petitioners have been erected, at a very great Expence, in the Vicinity of the said Quays, and in various other Parts of the said City of London, convenient to the Merchants thereof, in Confidence that Parliament would at all Times protect the said Quays, which had been established under its own Sanction, and are occupied principally by Goods and Merchandize landed upon, or shipped from, the said Quays, and have been, and are, not only productive of considerable Profit to the Petitioners, but also of great Convenience and Accommodation to the said Merchants, and all Persons concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Goods at the said Quays; and that the Petitioners have been, for several Years past, continually erecting new and additional Warehouses for the Accommodation of the Merchants, in order to keep Pace with the Increase of the Commerce of the Port of London, and if the Business now transacted at the said Quays shall be removed to other Places at a Distance from the said Quays, the Warehouses of the Petitioners will cease to be wanted by Merchants and others for the Reception of their Goods, and consequently will become useless, the Money expended in the Erection of them will be wholly lost, and many of the Petitioners, who depend upon the Rents thereof, or upon the Money received for housing and keeping Goods therein, for the Support of themselves and their Pamilies, will be brought to Poverty and Ruin; and, by the said Bill, if the same shall be passed into a Law, the Business now transacted at the said Quays will be removed to other Places at a Distance from the said Quays, and all the ruinous Consequences above stated will ensue to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners conceive, and submit to the House, that the Security and Accommodation, held forth as the Objects of the said Bill, may be better effected by other Measures, which will suggest themselves to the Wisdom of the House, than by the Schemes proposed by the said Bill, and without the Annihilation of the ancient Trade and Business of the said legal Quays, and the consequent Ruin of the Petitioners, who have relied on the Continuance of the said Trade under the Sanction and Protection of Parliament: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petition in

Trent'and ^etl^on of the sever£d Merchants, Traders, and

Mawy Ca- °^er Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, whose Names

aal Bill. Vol. 51.

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from a Branch of the Trent and Mersey Navigation, called The Caldon Branch, to Leek, with a Reservoir for supplying the said Canal with Water: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants Petition in for the Discovery of New Trades, commonly called of or known by the Name of The Russia Company, was j_)o"k°n&c. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Bill, the Members of the Russia Company, in carrying on their Trade, find great Inconvenience and Injury from the limited Extent of the Quays, and from the crouded State of the River Thames; and begging the Attention of the House to the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in,

which, if passed into a Lawr, will tend to relieve the Members of the said Company from the Inconvenience they have long laboured under without Remedy, or to furnish such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, Little Yar-to whom the Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, pOU*h' *f-the Road from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth JeMrted! ' to the Turnpike Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Little Barton Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Inclosure Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Petition from Mary, Rotherhilhc, in the County of Surrey, and other Saint Mary's, Inhabitants of the said Parish, assessed to the Relief of the Poor, or being Freeholders or Leaseholders possessed or interested in Wharfs, Warehouses, or Build- &c. Bill, ings, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having observed, by the Votes, that a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, and Cuts, in Wapping and Shadwell, and also a Navigable Cut from Blackwall to the said Docks, is depending in the House, obtained a Copy thereof, and, having duly weighed and considered the several Clauses therein, and the general Tendency thereof, are constrained, by a Sense of that Duty they

fi G owe

'482 V Martii. A. 1796.

Petition from owe to themselves and to Posterity, as well as from Sl Mary's, an ardent Wish for the Prosperity of the Trade of the Rotherhithe, port Qf London, to represent to the House the alarming don Docks"* Situation in which they conceive that Trade will be &c. BilL ' placed, should such Bill pass into a Law: The Petitioners conceive that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will, by the granting many exclusive Privileges to the Proprietors of such intended Docks, create a ..Monopoly in such Trade, and thereby restrain the Freedom of Commerce, to which the Petitioners, as well as all other His Majesty's Subjects, are justly entitled, and will also enable the Proprietors to exact an additional Charge for Tonnage on all Vessels entering into the Port of London, although they should not go into such intended Docks, by which every Article of Merchandize brought into the said Port will ultimately be raised, and the Price thereof enhanced to the Consumers; and that great Part of the said Parish forms a Line of Wharfing, on the Banks of the South Side of the River Thames, of the Length of nearly Two Miles, which, from the great Depth of Water flowing up to such Wharfing, is very convenient for Ships of considerable Tonnage to lay at and unload, and several Docks have been made adjoining thereto for building and repairing of Vessels using the said Port, mid, from the natural Advantages to Trade and Commerce arising from such Situations, the Petitioners and others have of late Years been induced to lay out and risque considerable Capitals in the building and improving many Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, for the immediate Accommodation and Convenience of landing, shipping, and storing, of Goods and Merchandize; and that many Granaries and Storehouses for the Reception of Corn, Flour, and other Provisions, have, within these few Years past, been erected at a considerable Expence, and are now used in the said Parish, thereby forming convenient Stores or Repositories for the Supply of those useful and necessary Articles of Life for the Supply of the Inhabitants of this great Metropolis: That a very considerable Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parish consist of Lightermen, Watermen, and Warehousemen, who reside therein on Account of the local Benefits arising to them from its advantageous Situation, and who, in consequence of a Removal of the Trade therefrom (which the Petitioners fear will be effected, should the present Bill pass into a Law) will be deprived of their Connections and Livelihood, or obliged to remove from their present Habitations, to their great Loss and Inconvenience; and, that the said Parish < is greatly burthened with Poor, many of whom are, at this Time, wholly maintained at the Expence thereof, whereby the Inhabitants are obliged to be rated 31. 6d. in the Pound on their Rack Rents towards such Payment and Support, and which Rate is at this Time inadequate thereto; and that the Trade on the Waterside of the said Parish having, from its advantageous Situation, greatly increased, an Act of Parliament was, a few Years since, obtained, at a very considerable Expence, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, the several Streets adjoining thereto, and an Annual Tax of 2 s. 3 d. in the Pound imposed on the Occupiers and Inhabitants of the Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, and Messuagdk there, for repaying the Monies borrowed for that Purpose, and other Expences attending the same, all which Inhabitants will, should such Bill pass into a Law, be much prejudiced in their several Trades, and thereby rendered the less able to contribute their Proportions to such several Rates; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will tend to remove the greatest Part of the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London to a considerable Distance from its accustomed Channel, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners in their private Trade, and will greatly

reduce the Value of all the Estates situate near the Waterside of the said Parish, from whence great Part of the Poors Rates, and other Rates, are collected, whereby those Rates will be less productive, and the Securities of the several Annuitants, who advanced their Monies on the Credit thereof, greatly diminished; and that the several Powers and Privileges, by the said Bill requested to be granted, appear unnecessary, injurious in respect to the Public, and destructive of the Interests of Individuals, and (if permitted) will tend to destroy that Degree of Competition so essential to the Interest of the Public, and their increasing Accommodation: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Proprietors, Wharfingers, of certain Quays upon the River Thames, ^c- *_ 1 in the Port and City of London, known by the Name a^jjnsfLon-and Appellation of " The legal Quays," was also don Docks, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, &c- BilL That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Bill is depending for. making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, &c. for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in and that the said Quays, so belonging to, occupied by, and used by, the Petitioners, have been established and legalized for a long Period of Years, by virtue of certain Royal Commissions, proceeding under the Sanction and Authority of divers Acts of Parliament, and the said Quays are of great Value to the Petitioners, many of whom depend entirely upon the Rents thereof, or the Business transacted at them, for the Support of themselves and Families, and they must in many Instances be brought to Poverty and Ruin, and in all Instances very severely injured, if the Business, which has been carried on there, should be removed to any other Place; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the necessary Consequence will be the Removal of the Trade from the Quays of the Petitioners, and the Places where it has been heretofore carried on, under the Authority of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to other Places remote from the said Quays: That the Petitioners Ancestors and Predecessors, and they themselves, have laid out large Sums of Money upon the said Quays, in the just and reasonable Expectation that the Trade of the City of London would continue to be carried on as heretofore, and the Petitioners have at all Times used their utmost Endeavours to render the said Quays commodious to the Merchants of the City of London, and to the Persons appointed to conduct and manage the Affairs of the Revenue within the Port of London; and that the Petitioners believe, and are ready to prove to the House, that the Difficulties and Delays, complained of in the landing and carrying off the Goods when landed, and the Frauds and Impositions meant to be remedied by the said Bill, are such as either do not arise from the Causes to which they are attributed by the Petitioners for the Bill, or such that they can be removed or remedied by a System of Regulation calculated to suit the present State of the Property in the Quays and Wharfs of the City and Port of London; and that the Petitioners conceive, and are ready to prove, that a System of Regulation for the general Improvement of the Navigation and better Accommodation of the Shipping of the River Thames and Port of London, different from that proposed by the Petitioners for the Bill, and consistent with the Rights of Property (which the Petitioners are convinced the House will always hold sacred) may be carried into Execution, by which the Inconvenience of the Plan proposed by the Petitioners for the Bill will be completely avoided: And therefore praying, That

36 Geo. III. 7 Martii. 483

they may be heard against the said Bill, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

le'conf00 Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Com-rdnereCom. Penalty, of the Mystery of Cordwainers of the City pan; against of London, under their Common Seal, was also presented London to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-Docks, loners are the Owners or Proprietors of the Wharf or Quay called Smart's Quay, near Billingsgate Dock, London, and Part of the said Dock, and of extensive Warehouses contiguous thereto, which are now, and for many Years past have been, appropriated for the land, ing, shipping, and storing, of Goods and Merchandize for Hire; and that, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, and of Royal Commissions issued in pursuance thereof, the said Wharf or Quay, together with other Places not far distant therefrom, became, and were limited and appointed as free and legal Quays or Wharfs for the Purposes aforesaid, and hath been constantly, and is now, used as such, and in Conformity with, and on the Faith of, the said Acts, large Sums of Money were laid out by the Owners in building Warehouses and other Erections for carrying on the Business thereof, and very considerable Sums have, from Time to Time, and very lately, been expended in the Repairs and Improvement of the same, for the better Accommodation and Protection of the Property of the Persons resorting thereto; and that the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of , and for

making a Navigable Canal from to the said

Docks in Wapping: That the said free Quays and Wharfs have (with the Aid and Assistance given by Sufferance Wharfs, occasionally granted by the Commissioners of the Customs) been sufficient for the Business carried on in the Port of London, and the Extension thereof, under any such speculative Views as aforesaid, would tend greatly to the Prejudice of the Petitioners as the Owners or Proprietors of Smart's Quay, and their Lessee, and others employed in and about the same; and that the Petitioners derive from their said Estate, by reason of the present Use thereof as a legal Wharf or Quay, a considerable Part of the Revenue by which they are supported as a Company, and enabled to carry the Purposes of their Institution into Effect, many of which are not only beneficial to the Individuals, of which it is composed, and to their Trade in general, but also to the Public at large; and, under these Circumstances, the Petitioners trust they shall not be deprived of the Benefits they are entitled to from those Estates, and which they derive under the Sanction and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Petition A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the

from the Mystery of Fishmongers, of the City of London, was Fishmongers Hicewise presented to the House, and read; Setting apTiBtLon- forth, That the Petitioners are the Owners or Proto Docks, prietors of the Wharf or Quay, called Porters Quay, it. BilL contiguous to the Custom House of the City of London, and of extensive Warehouses adjoining thereto, and which are now, and for many Years past have been, appropriated for the landing, shipping, and storing, of Goods and Merchandize for Hire; and that, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, and Royal Commissions issued in pursuance thereof, the said Wharf or Quay, together with other Places contiguous thereto, became, and were limited and appointed as, free and legal Quays or Wharfs for the Purposes aforesaid, and have been constantly used as such, and in Conformity to, and on the Faith of, the said Acts, large Sums of Vol. 51.

Money have been laid out by the Petitioners in the building of Warehouses, and other Erections, for carrying on the Business thereof, and very considerable Sums have, from Time to Time, been expended in the Repairs and Improvement of the same, for the better Accommodation and Protection of the Property of the Merchants, whose Goods are landed at the said Quay, and stored in the said Warehouses; and that the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, &c. for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping,

Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also for making a Navigable Canal from to the said Docks in Wapping, and the Petitioners hope, that, inCase the Corporation of the City of London can devise any Plan for the Accommodation of the Public, and to remove the Inconvenience complained of, the Justice of the House will permit them to adopt such Plan, in preference to the Plan proposed by the said Bill, as it would thereby prevent those ruinous and distressing Consequences, both to Private Property and Individuals, which must otherwise, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, inevitably take Place, and would preserve those Rights and Privileges which the Citizens of London have hitherto enjoyed, and which they have been taught to consider as inviolable; and, under these Circumstances, the Petitioners trust that the House will not countenance the Plan proposed by the said; Bill, which operates to alienate the Trade and Business of the Port of London: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time; and the Second and Third-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for re-the 23d Day of February last, for referring the Petition ferring Apo-of the several Apothecaries, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, to the Consideration of a Committee, might Committee, be read. discharged.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected. Petition

rejected.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second jrent and Reading of the Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Mersey Canal prietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Bill, commit-Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of *" a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a.

Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The

484

T Martii. - A. 1796.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr.

Mr. Matthezo - tagu:

[The Lord Belgrade,' Tellers for the Noes, { Mr. Christian Cur-

78.

36.

I wen:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the said Bill was committed to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Camelford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to nt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the

electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of James Esquire, deceased.

General Inclosure Bill reported.

recommitted*

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for facilitating the Division and Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition from Watermen, &c. against London Docks, &c. Bill.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Watermen and Wherrymen, working upon the River Thames between Gravesend and Windsor, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwalt to the said Docks in Wapping; and Setting forth. That many of the Petitioners have numerous Families, and the Whole of their Subsistence is drawn from the Navigation of Boats and Vessels on the said River, and, if the said Bill should be permitted to pass into a Law, the Boats and Vessels of the Petitioners, employed upon the said River, will be rendered, in a great Measure, useless, and a great Majority of the Petitioners and their numerous Families deprived of the Means of Subsistence; and that, by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, to which the Petitioners belong, are empowered to appoint a certain Number of Watermen to ply upon the said River between Vauxhall.above London Bridge, and Limehouse,

upon the Lord's Day, and the Overplus of the Earnings of such Watermen are directed by the said Act to be applied to the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen and Lightermen of the said Society and Company, and their Widows, and that, by the Overplus of the Earnings of such Watermen so plying on the Lord's Day, upwards of Five hundred aged and

necessitous Persons are now, and have been for some Time past, Annually relieved; and that the greater Part of the Earnings of such Watermen, so plying on the Lord's Day, arise from the carrying of Seamen and other Persons' on Board the Vessels lying in the said River, but, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, such Earnings will be wholly lost to the Company, and the numerous Objects of Distress which are supported by the said Charity will be thereby deprived of its Relief and Assistance: That, for several Years last past, the Number of Apprentices, bound into the Service of the Petitioners, hath been very considerable, and the Petitioners have Reason to believe that the Annual Number of such Apprentices would be considerably reduced if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that, in the Course of the present War, near Four thousand Men have been furnished from the Body of the Petitioners, who are now serving, either as impressed Men or Volunteers, in His Majesty's Navy, and the Petitioners conceive that, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law, such Men will, on the Conclusion of the War, and on their Return Home, be deprived of their usual Means of obtaining a Subsistence, and the Petitioners also conceive that they should be deprived of their Employments, the Number of their Apprentices would be greatly reduced, and the Nation sustain an essential Injury in the Destruction of one of its best Nurseries for Seamen: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Stainforth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1796.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Edward j

} 76.

Mr. John Smyth:

Tellers for the Noes <fGeneral Tarleton> \ ,

1 eiiers for the in oes, :] 31 *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and

made

Committee on Report of Mr. Stain-forth's Petition, deferred.

Account of Produce of Taxes, ordered.

Committee on Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

36 Geo. III. 7° Mart485

made several.Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

nported. Mr. Edward James Eliot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

L*«f Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House,

pursuant to their Order,

A List of Barracks intended to be built, with the

presented.

Places at which they are to be situated, the Number of Men and Horses they will severally contain, and the probable Amount of the Expence of erecting the same.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said List be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to Account of their Order, un^orided

An Account of the unprovided Services belonging semcesT to the Office of Ordnance, as they stood on the 31st presented. December 1795.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Am ACCOUNT of the unprovided Services belonging to the Office of Ordnance, as they stood on the

31st December 1795.

Money paid on Account of various Services, to 31st December 1795, since Estimate 1796 was presented to Parliament ——

Money due to the Captors of the Town of the Mole Cape Nicola, and its Dependencies, in die Island of Saint Domingo, for Ordnance and Stores captured there -Money due to the Captors of sundry Forts in the Island of Corsica, for Ordnance and Stores taken in the said Forts ——

Money due to the East India Company for Salt Petre -

Exceedings on Account of Sea Service, beyond the Grant by Parliament for 1795

£. s. d.

18,010 10 1

12,823 4 2

31.939 45,oooo 102,421 3 4 18 4

210,194 15 11

Office of Ordnance, 7th March 1796.

J. Sargent. Tho, Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Wakefield Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to

lighting, whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Streets

watching, and other public Passages and Places within and near &C ted' to Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and

andre-com- for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing mitt«d. and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved \That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Vol. 51.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for the 26th Day of February last, for the House to resolve regulating itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^es8^‘vpe^ng Friday next, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping deferred!8' and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 7th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Way» and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for deer raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 II

House to adjourn to Thursday.

Bath\tood, &c. InclosUte Bill, committed.

Topsham and Taunton Canal Bill, reported.

Barrihgtdh Inddsure BiH, presented.

Marshland Drainage and Inclosure,&c. Bill, committed.

Folkestone Paving, &c. Bill, committed.

8P Mdrtii. A< 1796.

ResoThat the Bill be Committed to Hobart, Sir Edward Knatchbull&c.: And they are to msec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, hi the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ctetce reported from the Committee, to whom Macclesfield die Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the jndosun> Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Bl ,reported' Borough of Macclesfield, ill the County of Chester, was "DE SOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising committed; That the Committee had examined, and of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative Morning next. to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and

that the Committee had altered the Christian Name of A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Ohe of the Commissioners, which had been inserted in Fields and Meadows, Commonable and inter mixed the Bill by Mistake; and that the Committee had exa-Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same of Rarmcood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Hamlet and the Vill of JVottm, all in the County of Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to Gloucester, was read a Second Time. the Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of 4/. 6s. ad. who

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprie-Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this tors of Estates assessed at the Yearly Sum of 7/. i8«.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's who were neuter in respect thereto; and also except Chamber. the Proprietors of Estates assessed at 1 /. 15 4

who are Abroad; and alBO except the Proprietors Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom of Estates assessed at 2 /. 1 o 8 who could not the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River be found; and also except the Proprietors of Estates Ere, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of assessed at 28/. 13$. 11 who had been applied to,

Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of 25 8 s. 6 d.;

and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal, was and that no Person appeared before the Committee to committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exeter, in through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Chamber assembled, was referred; That the Com- unto, which they had directed him to report to the mittee had considered the said Petition, and had exa- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and mined the Allegations of the Bill, And found the same afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, to be true; and that the Committee had gone through in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, were Once read throughout; and then a Second which they had directed him to report to the House, Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally together with a List of the Names of the Persons who put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing ingrossed.

Order of the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the . A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Hibaldstowe Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other Com- Inclosure

Table: Where the Report was read. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the of Hibaldstowe, in the County of Lincoln, was read a

Table. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Hobart presented to the'House, according to Junior, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this 'Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Common Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's 'Arid Open Fields, MeAdows, Corrimonable Lands, and Chamber.

Waste Grounds, frith in the Parish of Barrington, in

the County of Cambridge: And the same fras received; A Petition of the there-undersigned Owners and Petition from and read the First Time. Freighters of Ships and Vessels at Gainsborough, in the Ownwnof

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. County of Lincoln, trading to the Port of London, was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of against Len-' A Bill for'drairiing and improving, and "for inclosing, the Bill fdr making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and don Docks, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and dther Works, for the greater Accommodation and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smceth and Marshland "Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within

Fen, lying frk'lt'in the Countryof Mddshland, in the the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the from Blachcall to the said Docks in Wapping; and Stddkibg, Feeding, and Depasturing of the said Smeeth 'Setting forth, That the Petitioners have hitherto traded arid Fen, until the IbcloSure, Division, and Allotment to the Port of London with Ships and Vessels of various thereof, was read a Second Time. Sizes, and are not, by Law, chargeable with any Rates

Reskved, That 'the ' Bill be cdfomitted to Mr. Ho- of Duties for navigating the same in or upon the

btifa, Mr. Pdcrfis, &c.': And they ate to medt this River Thames; and that, by the said Bill, it is intended Afterttdria, ait Five Jof the Clbck, in 'the Speaker's to impose certain Rates or Duties for every Ship or Chamber. Vessel, exceeding ,the Burthen of Forty-five Tons,

trading Coastwise between the Port of London andjany 'A Bill *ifor‘pairing,'repairing, and dleansing the High- Pdrtiri Great Britain, according to the Register Ton-ways, Streets, and 'Lanes, in the Tofrn of Folkestone, nage thereof, and further or higher Rates or Duties of and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for Tonnage in case the Same'Ships or Vessels shall enter removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances the Said Doriks, Cats dr Canals, ns therein mentioned, therein, was read a Second Time. and, if the isaM‘ Bill ShdiflU pass irttb a Law, it would

Very

e

4m

Martis, 8° Martii;

An ho 36° Georgii III*" Regis, 1796. Pr Ay£rL

36 Geo. III. 8° Martii. 487

wj maternity injure the Petitioners, who will have no Occasion to make Use of the said Dock, Cuts, or Canah, and can never derive any Benefit or Advantage whatsoever from the same; and that the Petitioners are perfectly satisfied with die present State and Navigation of the River Thames, and the Conveniences established for landing and shipping Goods at the Port of London: And therefore praying, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it may be subject to such Exemptions as will not be injurious to the Coasting Trade.

Petition from A Petition of the Master and Scholars of Balliol Balliol Col- College, in the University of Oxford, was also presented Lo^mT*131 to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of Dock*, ttt. the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same, if Bill. passed into a Law, will materially injure and affect the Interests and Property of the Petitioners in the City of London: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Alders-Aidengate gale, in the City of London, whose Names are there-p. onto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and Bill read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill ,* and Setting forth, That, if the same shall be passed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges enjoyed by the Citizens of London, from Time immemorial, will be invaded, and sacrificed, a great Number of Individuals deprived of the Means of Subsistence for themselves and their numerous Families, and the Value of Estates and Property in the said City much depreciated and lessened: And, that as the Corporation of London (the natural Guardians and Protectors of the Port of London) are not only willing but desirous of making all necessary Alterations and Improvements in the Port for the Accommodation of the increased Trade, and the Security of Shipping, and which the Petitioners understand may be effected without those baneful and ‘destructive Consequences to the Citizens of London, <and subjecting the Trade of the said Port to be loaded with a perpetual Burthen, for the private Emolument <of Individuals, therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of -Queenhithe hit he, in the City of London, whose Names are therein, jj, -unto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and By], read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and

Setting forth, That, if the same should be passed into a Law, many extensive and commodious Warehouses and Wharfs, of great Value, situated within the said Ward, will become almost useless, consequently the Yearly Rents thereof be considerably reduced, and the other Buildings in the Ward burthened with a much larger Proportion of Taxes; and that the valuable Rights and Privileges enjoyed by the Citizens of London from Time immemorial will, in a great Measure, be invaded -wad destroyed, and numerous individuals deprived ^df ‘the Means of supporting themselves and Families, -and the Petitioners rely >on (the Justice of the House -to ‘discountenance all unnecessary Innovations, and to ^protect the many Citizens and their extensive Property Jfrsm the baneful Consequences which must ensue on -removing the Seat -of Commerce from the Jurisdiction ttf ‘the City of London: And, that every necessary Accommodation to the Trade of the Port of London, and Security to Shipping, being proposed ito be made and given 'by the Corporation of London in a complete and satisfactory Manner, without oppressing Individuals, 'invading ancient Rights, impoverishing 'valuable Property, or ‘loading the Port'with great and perpetual ‘Expense,'and'as the 'Said Ward is likely to sustain great 'Injury if the Measures set forth in foe said Bill are "adopted, therefore praying, Thatdhe tametnay not pass 4dto'a;Law.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Freemen, and Petition from Commonalty, of foe Mystery of Vintners of the City the Vintners of London, as well on Behalf of themselves as of the Company. Masters, Fellows, and Servant Wine Tackle Porters, belonging to their Company, was also presented to &c. Bill, foe House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill} and Setting forth, That the said Master,

Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty, are seised in Fee of a certain Wharf or Quay called Hammonds Key, heretofore Parcel of Botolph's Wharf, and which, among

other Wharfs, were, by Grant, made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, appointed to be the general lading and discharging Places for all Manner of Merchandizes, and established for ever in Preference to others, and they have enjoyed the same as such from that to the present Time, whereby they bay? been enabled to keep up (among others) the Honour and Dignity of foe Corporation of foe City of London, and continually to support a Succession of Fifty Families of W ine Tackle Porters being constantly employed by their Corporation on the said established Free Quays; and that the said Bill will, if the samp should be passed into a Law, tend to the great Detriment and Reduction of the Petitioners Interest and Property in the Free Wharfs granted to them from Time immemorial as aforesaid, and may also tend to foe total Abolition of them, whereby those Quays, as well as other Estates belonging to the Petitioners situate on foe Banks of the River Thames, and about those established Wharfs, will be reduced to little or no Value, and the Support of foe several Families belonging to foe Wine Tackle Porters totally taken away, and they absolutely ruined: And therefore praying foe House to take the Premises into Consideration, aqa that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, on their Allegations, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Tower, Petition from was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise Tower Ward, taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, against D® That foe same in its Principle is founded on a System of Bl Monopoly, and in its Practice ensures the Annihilation of the Privileges, and the Destruction of the Property of the Citizens of London, and entails Ruin on innumerable Families resident therein: That the Petitioners, as being particularly interested in the Prosperity of foe Trade of the Port of London, would willingly exert themselves in the most strenuous Way to remove any Impediments, adopt any Improvements, and obtain any necessary Enlargement thereof, within foe Limits of the City, that in Effect would not produce those serious Evils the Petitioners are so justly apprehensive of, and so anxious to guard against; and, foe Petitioners beg leave to remind the House, that the Ward of Tower contributes a large Quota towards foe general Land Tax of the City of London, a very material Proportion of which is discharged by foe different Wharfs and Warehouses for Merchandize, situated within the said Ward, but which Premisses cannot sustain so heavy a Charge when they become unoccupied and useless by the Removal of the Trade of the Port to a distant Part, consequently the Deficiency so occasioned must be levied on the other Properties in foe Ward, which, by perhaps slow yet sure inevitable Progress, must sink under such a Pressure of Taxation; and that very many of that useful Body of Men, foe Lightermen of the Port of London, reside within the said Ward, who look up with Confidence to the House for the Protection of their Rights and Immunities, and for the Prevention of miserable Distress ito themselves and Families, in foe Preservation of ctbat great and essential Nursery for the Manning afthe British Navy, of which they form so considerable ai Part, which Object has ever been thought worthy 'foe'Consideration, and entitled to the Support, of a

British

488 8° Martii. A. 1196:

British House of Commons: That the Petitioners conceive, if all the Mischiefs in Reality and Extent, as stated by the Merchants, did exist, it would still he a momentous Question, whether the Abolition of the old Port, with all its concomitant Devastation, should take Place in favour of this new Speculative Plan, but the Petitioners humbly contend they are not compelled to reply to this supposed Proposition, inasmuch as the Corporation of London have pledged themselves to afford every Accommodation, large and extensive as may be required, and silence every reasonable Complaint, loudly and seriously as they may be now urged by the Merchants, without injuring the chartered Rights, or hazarding the long-established Welfare and Dignity of this Metropolis, and without indulging in a Wish to profit by any such Plans when completely carried into Effect; and the Petitioners beg Leave to add, that they cannot learn that it is the Intention of the Merchants to afford the promised Indemnification so justly to be expected, and so rightfully to be demanded by various Claimants, in case this their Scheme is carried into Execution: That the Petitioners, with all due Regard and Respect, thus presume to state, without Reserve, their well-grounded Apprehensions on this Subject, and with the most perfect Reliance on the Justice, and the most confident Trust in the Wisdom, of the House, do also venture to hope that the said unnecessary injurious Bill may not pass into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Petitions in A Petition of the Court of Directors of the United favour of Company of Merchants of England trading to the East n°nt°\ Indies, was also presented to the House and read; Bill. *' C Likewise taking.Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may be permitted to pass into a Law, with such Provisions as to the House shall appear to be proper.

A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to North America, was also presented to the House, and read: Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Masters of Ships, in Behalf of themselves and others, interested in Shipping, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Pilots, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others employed in piloting and transporting Ships and Vessels into and from the Port of London, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Dow-Powgate gate, in the City of London, was also presented to the W:ir<1' n„ House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bin."8 Bill; and Setting forth, That the Ward of

lying contiguous to the River Thames, on the Upper Side, and near to London Bridge, contains a great Number of Wharfs and Warehouses for receiving, landing, and shipping, by Barges, Lighters, and other Craft, Goods and Merchandizes imported into, and for Exportation out of, the Port of; and that

many of the Petitioners have expended large Sums of Money in erecting and supporting such Wharfs and Warehouses, and in regard to the Convenience of their Situation for Trade, and the Advantages attendant thereon, many of the Petitioners pay heavy Rents, and are consequently assessed at a high Rate, and contribute largely in Taxes to the Support of Government, and others of the Petitioners are wholly dependent upon the Employment they receive in the Business of the said Wharfs and Warehouses, for the Support of themselves and Families, and almost every Description and Class

of People residing in the said Ward will be more or less injured, should the said Bill pass into a Law, as it will be extremely detrimental and prejudicial to the Petitioners, and will very considerably, if not entirely, remove the Trade and Business of the Ward of Dowgate to the Eastward of the City of London, by which the Petitioners will be incapacitated from paying their Rents, and contributing their Proportion of Taxes, and by the Diminution in Value of such Wharfs and Warehouses, and by the Decrease of the Trade and Employment thereof, many of the Petitioners, and their Families, will be reduced to Poverty, Distress, and Ruin: And therefore imploring the House, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Estates, Manufac- Petition from turers, Wharfingers, Warehousemen and Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, within the Parishes of Saint,

Shadwell, Saint Ann, Limehouse, and the Hamlets of London Ratcliff and Poplar, was likewise presented to the Docks, &c. House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; Bill-and Setting forth, That large and extensive Trades and Manufactories are carried on in the said Parishes and Hamlets, and the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize to and from the same, and to and from the great and extensive Wharfs and Warehouses there, and to be shipped and landed from the Ships and Vessels in the River Thames, require commodious Roads and Passages, and the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, leading to and from the said Parishes and Hamlets, are so narrow and confined, and are frequently so much crowded with Carriages, that Stoppages and Obstructions often happen even in Ratcliff' Highway, one of the widest of the said Streets; and that, by the said Bill, the Canal therein described is to be cut not only through Ratcliff Highway, the most important Avenue to the said Parishes and Hamlets, but also across every other Road, Street, Avenue, and Passage leading to and from the said Parishes and Hamlets, and Draw Bridges and other Contrivances are intended to be erected as a Substitute for Passengers at the Places so to be cut through as aforesaid, and the Petitioners apprehend the Stoppages and Obstructions in the said Streets and Passages, already complained of, will be so much increased, not only during the Time the Draw Bridges are taken up for the Passage of Ships, but also by Reason of the Narrowness and Length of the Passage across such Draw Bridges, that the Inconvenience must become intolerable, and, in Time, occasion the Removal of several of the Trades and Manufactories, and a great Loss of Trade and Custom thereto, and to the said Wharfs and Warehouses, as well as to the Trading Inhabitants of every Description:

That, as the said Canal is to be open to all Shipping coming into the Port of London, the Trade which is now carried on by the Ship Owners with the Inhabitants on the Banks of the Thames will be diverted, by Means of the intended Canal, to the new Inhabitants who are likely to settle on the North Borders of the said Canal, which will manifestly be most convenient for Trade, and the erecting of Manufactories, Wharfs, and Warehouses, and the Lands, through which it is intended to be cut, must consequently increase in the Value nearly in Proportion as the Petitioners conceive Estates on the Borders of the Thames must consequently decrease in Value, whereby the Petitioners,

Proprietors of such Estates, some whereof have been Purchasers at a Value calculated upon their advantageous Situation, must become great Sufferers by a Reduction in the Value of their Property so purchased, without the Chance of the smallest Compensation, no Provision appearing to be made by the said Bill for their Indemnification; and that the said Parishes and Hamlets must, by Means of such Canal, be greatly injured in their Taxes, by the Removal of a Number of their respectable Inhabitants to avoid the Inconvenience

9\

stea

lie

w

and

is*

are

pfii

tfi

M

ff

oi

til

ca

It

ii

s

e

ti

1

s

Petition to

prevent

frauds in

packing and

conveying

Batter,

reported.

36 Gl20» III.

of passing over the said t)raw Bridges, and, instead of such Inhabitants, who contribute largely to the Parochial Taxes, the Petitioners apprehend the said Parishes and Hamlets will become crowded with labouring Poor, where they are already very numerous, and contribute little to the Taxes, and with those who have become indigent, the said Parishes and Hamlets are already much burthened, as is manifest by the grievous Height of the Poors Rates: That the Shad-11x11 Water Works, which greatly contribute to the Parochial Taxes, and supply the principal Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Hamlets with Water, the Petitioners fear will be destroyed by the cutting of the said intended Canal, and as the Inhabitants who shall reside within the Line of such Canal cannot, as the Petitioners conceive, be supplied with Water from any other Water Works, they must suffer great Straits and Inconveniences; and that many of the Petitioners have been induced to sign the Petition for the said Bill, not being aware of the Mischief the said intended Canal would occasion, but now, being fully sensible thereof, they do hereby beg Leave to express their Dissent to so much of the said Bill as is to grant Powers for the making of such Canal: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, and Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to their Interests, and that the same may not pass as it now stands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, are to be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Cheesemongers, and Dealers in Butter, resident in and near the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Peter Wilson, being examined, said, That he has been a Cooper at York Thirty Years, and has made a great Number of Firkins for the Purpose of packing Butter. — And being asked, Whether he has had any Firkins proper for Butter returned to him by the Farmers? he said, Many Times, owing to their not being heavy enough; that he has afterwards sold them to other Farmers (after having changed the Bottoms) by making them heavier. That he generally makes the Firkins with Ash Wood, and that when soaked they weigh very heavy. Then the Bottom of a Firkin, weighing Four Pounds and an Half, being produced to Your Committee, the Witness stated, That he has frequently made the Bottoms as heavy as that. — And being asked. Whether, after the Butter has been brought from the Standard, he had ever, been concerned with the Farmer in scraping it? he said, Yes, many Times, and likewise in changing the Heads, and that it was a common Practice. — And being asked, Whether he was ever concerned in changing the Staves, after the Searcher had marked the Firkius, as to the Quality and Weight of the Butter contained? he said, His Apprentices had done it. — And being asked, Whether he ever Vol. 51.

489

recollected Factors and Farmers buying Butter to put on the Top of the Firkin to make it weigh, so as to pass the Standard? he said, Yes, and that it was very common. — And being asked, Whether, after the Butter has passed the Standard, the Factors take off the Capping, and send it to London short of Weight? he said, It is common: Then,

William Hart, being examined, said, That he is a Cooper, and has lived at York Twelve Years; that he has made many Firkins for the Farmers, and has been told, that unless he made them of Twelve Pounds they, would not have them. That a Firkin should weigh Ten Pounds, and allowing Two Pounds more for soaking. — And the Witness added, That a Firkin of Seven Pounds would contain the Quantity of Butter. And the Firkin Bottom before produced being shewri to the Witness, he said, He never made one so thick as that. Then the Witness was asked, Whether he was ever concerned with the Factors in changing the Heads? he said, Yes. And being asked, For what Object? he said, When Factors sell Butter to Cheesemongers in London, they take out the Heads of Casks which contain good Butter, and put them into Casks of an inferior Sort. — And being asked. Whether he ever recollected changing the Staves or Heads of Firkins, after their having been marked as to the Quality of the Butter? he said, Yes; that they take out the best Mark, and change it for a Second Mark in another Firkin. — And being asked, Whether they do not get the Butter researched after its having been first searched, and the Head taken off and put to another Firkin, with Butter of an inferior Quality, which had not been searched ? he said, They do; that he recollects Butter being scraped, and likewise its being added to the Firkin, in order to pass the Standard. — And being asked, What became of that Butter when taken from the Standard? he said, It is sometimes taken off by the Factors, and sometimes by the Servants: And

Mr. Matthew Goodenoagh, being examined, said. That he is a Cheesemonger in Street, and

has been in the Business Twenty-six Years, and that in the Course of his Business he has sustained great Losses in consequence of the short Weight and bad Quality of the Butter. — And being asked. How much on an Average he though the Firkin came short of Weight? he said, From Two to Four or Five Pounds, sometimes Seven, and that the Deficiency is in general made up of Wood. — And being asked, What the Weight of the Head of the Firkin should be? he said, Three Quarters, or a Pound. — And being asked, Whether he did not attribute the Losses sustained to the improper Conduct of the Factors ? he said, Not always; sometimes it may be the Factors, and sometimes the Farmers. — And being asked, W'hether he did not sometimes receive Butter of an inferior Sort, marked as a better Sort? he said. Frequently.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the committing of Frauds and Abuses in the weighing, packing, and selling of Butter: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson, the Lord Mayor of,

and Mr. Mainwaring, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Robert Williams Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of,

and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wras referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

6 1 to

8° Martii.

Bala and Dol-gelley, &c. Roads Petition reported.

Old Stratford and Dunchurch ltoad Bill reported.

Petition from Billingsgate Ward against London Docks, &c. Bill

490

8° Martii.

A. 1796.'

to Turnpike Bills, had beeq complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. David Anwyl, being examined, said, That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers are further continued, and the said Act amended, and made more effectual.

And the Witness further said, That the several Roads, described in the Petition, branching out of, or communicating with, the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Repair of the said Roads will be of public Utility: And he added, That it will be necessary, in order to prevent evading the Tolls, to shut Op Certain Lanes and Foot Ways, near to or adjoining the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh: And that Sir Robert Williams Vaughan and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ponys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of to Dunchuroh, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. j Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Billingsgate, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if carried into a Law, will be productive of the most melancholy Consequences to numerous Families in the City of London, many of whom reside within the said Ward, and the Rights and Privileges of the Citizens of London, which they have enjoyed for Ages past, will thereby, in a great Measure, be done away; and that the Ward of Billingsgate contributes very largely to the Quota of the Land Tax of the City of London, a great Part of which is paid by the Wharfs and Warehouses within the said Ward, but which cannot be defrayed by them if the legal Quays . are established in Wapping, consequently a very heavy additional Burthen will fall on the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, feeling a strong Interest in the Prosperity of the Trade of the Port of London, are very anxious that every Accommodation required shall be extended to its increasing Commerce, and, as the Corporation of London are bringing forward Plans to that Effect, without violating the Rights which, by divers Charters, confirmed by several Acts of Parliament, they have uninterruptedly enjoyed, and without burthening the Trade of the Port of London with a heavy and perpetual Charge for the sole Benefit of a Monopoly, they humbly solicit the House will give those Plans the Preference which have the Public Good alone for their Object, and preserve their ancient Privileges entire: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of James Jones and Bullcock, Pro- Petition from prietors of the Hermitage Iron and Brass Foundery, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise against Lon- taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, don Docks, That the Foundery belonging to the Petitioners is &c- Bill, the most extensive and most conveniently situate of any in the City of London, and, as the Petitioners believe, is capable of doing more Business than any other Foundery in or near the Metropolis, and the Petitioners conceive their said Foundery is an Object of National Importance and Concern, in as much as great Numbers of Guns, and large Quantities of Naval Stores, are furnished therefrom to Ships of War, with the utmost Ease and Dispatch, there being a Dock of considerable Dimensions, with commodious Wharfs,

Quays, and Landing Places, attached to their Foundery; and that the Petitioners have seen a Plan of the said Canal and Dqcks, whereby it appears that their Foundery and Premises belonging to them, as aforesaid, will be cut through and destroyed by the making of the said Docks, and the Approach thereto, and should such a Plan be carried into Execution, it will be productive of the entire Ruin of the Works of the Petitioners, for which Injury there cannot be an adequate Compensation made, there being no Place to be found in any Degree so commodious for the carrying on of their Business as their present Site: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill to prevent any Part of their said Premises being taken or used for the Purposes of the said Canal or Docks, and that they may be heard by their Counsel, and Agents, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

A Petition of James Nozclan, Soap Manufacturer, Mr. Nowlan's was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also Petition taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, ^^n8t That the Petitioner is Lessee, for a long Term of Years, of certain extensive Premises, situate at the Hermitage Dock, which he has fitted up at a very great Expence, as a Manufactory of Hard Soap; and that the Petitioner hath seen a Plan of the said Canal and Docks, whereby it appears that the Whole of his said Premises will be taken for the Purposes of the said Docks and the Approach thereto, and, if such a Plan be carried into Execution, it will be productive of the Ruin of the Trade carried on by the Petitioner, for which, as he conceives, no adequate Compensation can be made, the present Site being one of the most commodious that can be for the Purposes of the Petitioner, and another in any Degree convenient being scarcely to be found on account of the Nature of a Soap Maker's Trade: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill to prevent any Part of his said Premises being taken or used for the Purposes of the said Canal or Docks, and that he may

©2 be

Order for

bringing in Bill respecting Payment of Tolls for extra Weight, discharged.

36 Geo. III. 8G Martii. 491'

be heard, by his Counsel, and Agents, against such OrdThat a Committee be appointed to take Committeee Part of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the into Consideration the said Acts, made in the Thir- appointed to same may not pass into Law as it now stands. teenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reigns of His pre-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to sent Majesty; and to report the same, with their Opi- Acte> lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a nion, thereupon, to the House:

Second Time. > And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman

Lushingt Mr. Sir James , Sir . The House was moved, That the Order, made upon William Mr. Byng, Mr. , Mr.

Thursday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Mr. , Mr. Hobart, Mr. Sir John

" Bill for explaining and altering so much of an Act, Sinclair, Sir Williams Mr.

" passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Mr. , the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Pole

" Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for explaining Carezv, Si

n and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year Mr. Amyatt, Mr Mr. Vyner, Sir Elijah

" of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act Impey, Lord William Russell, Mr. Mr. Browne,

"to explain and amend, and reduce into One Act of Mr. Alderman Mr. Ryder', and all the

Parliament, the general Laws now in being for re- Members who serve for the City of London, and for the " gulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Herts, Kent, Sussex, and " Britain called England, and for other Purposes," so Surrey;and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of " far as the same relates to the Payment of additional the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they " Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of are to meet upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of " Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power " Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

" respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in parti-

" cular Cases," as relates to the Payment of additional The House being informed that Mr. Gell, from the Account

" Tolls to be taken for extra. Weight in certain Wag- Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; of Producs " gons, Carts, and other Carriages, _and also to enable and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to preg"

" Trustees to lower the Tolls on such extra. Weight their Order,

** within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes " Westminster, and for imposing additional Tolls on for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1796. w such Carriages.in certain Cases," _might.be rejtd. And then he withdrew.

And the same being read accordingly;.. , And the Title of the said Account was read,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. . The said Account is as followeth; viz.

You 51.

492

8° Martii

A. 1796.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament Assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th Day of

January 1796.

Customs

Excise

Stamps

£. s. d.

3,260,835 — 9

6,855,271 18 6i 1,230,823 15 3

INCIDENTS. Consolidated Letter Money, 1787 -

D* - - - Salt - -

Seizures, 25th October 1760 - -

Proffers - - - - D*

Letter Money - - D* -

Alum Mines - - D* -

Compositions - - D*

Rent of a Light House D®

Alienation Duty D*

6d. per lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721 1 s. - - D* - - Salaries, &c. 5th April 1758 -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710-Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1st August 1711 -

D°- - - - - 1784 ....

Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766 Inhabited Houses, 1779- -

Male Servants - - - 1785

Horses ----- -- D® -

Four-Wheel Carriages - - D®

Two-Wheel D* - - - - D°

Arrears of Female Servants - D* -D* - - Waggons - - - D*

D* - - Carts - - - - D*

First Fruits of the Clergy -Tenths - - - D* -Arrears of Men Servants, 1777 -

DUTIES, A 1791.

£. t. d.

Sugars -

British Spirits -

Foreign D° - -

Malt -

Bills and Receipts -

Game Duty -

10/. per Cent on Assessed Taxes

206,932 — 8

103,755 ——

98,630 ——

40 12 — 172,243 8 10

16,495 9 2 83.207 17 5}

£.681,304 8 1

DUTIES, 1794.

British Spirits -

Foreign D® -

Glass -

Attornies Articles

Bricks, Customs

D* - Excise -

Paper, Customs

D* - Excise -

Slates and Stones

Spirit Licences -

11,346,930 14 6

159.000 -

387,244 13 7

22,315 4 4t 642 1 3

270.000 -

960 ——

1 13 4 6 13 4 1,924 8 8 46,951 ——

31,755 17 5 , 3,349 18 10

11,000 ——

12,800 ----- -.

315,473 17 10 136,80715 4 87,075 14 6 i

101,857 13 7i 147,038 11 — 40,921 14 10 £ 176 18 4 120 8 2 j

98 11 10 I 4,305 14 I? 9,959 3 1 I 9 9 —

i,79i,797 2 8

109,252 ——

102,699 ——

41,136 ——

16,200 13 6 360 15 8

52,314 ——

4,026 ——

145,849 ——

9,006 3 9 f

102,000 ——

DUTIES, ® 1795. British Spirits ——

Foreign D® -

Wines ——

Sweets ——

Cocoa, &c. ——

Stamps ——

Ship Policies - -

Hair Powder Certificates -

Receipts ——

Fruit, Silk, &c. ——

Coals ——

Tea ——

Total of Customs, Excise, and Stamps D* — Incidents -D® - - Duties, A® 1791 -D® - - Duties, A° 1794 -

D® - - Duties, A* 1795 -

582,843 12 n

67,198 ——

56,383 ——

736,871 ——

5,679 ——

16,775 ——

16,669 15 8 33,861 19 —

193,252 15 —

5,333 — —

63,164 4 3

156 15 8

137,656 —

1,333,000 9 7

11,346,930 14 6i

L79L797 2 8

681,304 8 1 i

582,843 12 n i

i,333,oooo 9 7

Exchequer,

he 8th Day of March 1796.

Grand Total

Anthony Gell, Ji|iior.

15,735,876 7 10

36 Geo. III. 8° Mart. 493

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

King'* Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is tent to concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Town-fc^indowu* fih'Ps of Thornton, Farmahband Kingthorp,

Bill. within the Parishes of Ellerburn, and -

ing, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships, which Bill was, upon Thursday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

London Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Docks, &c. Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Bill, deferred. an(j other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant March.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on high Price to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *1^ to consider further of the present high Price of Com, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are ap-on high Price pointed to take into Consideration the present high Price RporTbpi- ^orn> have Power to report their Opinion thereupon, Z, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, more effectual upon the Bill for the more effectual Execution of seve-rf*Election Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of contro-Acta verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, ngtorted. Mr. Charles Townshend accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; 'and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report waS read.

Ordered, That the stud Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight,

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Vol. 51.

Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, Report front who were appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence j£e high relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Price of Corn. Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; respecting That the Committee had further considered the Matters M^en; to them referred, and had came to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Miller should be obliged to keep a Pair of Scales and Weights in his Mill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Inspectors appointed by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention " of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and " unequal Balances," should have the Power of examining Weights and Scales used by Millers, and to seize all such as shall be found defective; and that all Millers making use thereof shall be liable to the same Penalties as are inflicted by the said Act on Persons using false Weights and Scales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person who shall bring Corn to a Mill to be ground, shall be entitled to have the same weighed in his Presence, and to have the Produce thereof weighed before he takes it away.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that Millers should, if required, be obliged to return all the Produce of the Corn brought to be ground (with the Deduction of the Toll, in Cases where Toll is taken) so as to make up an equal Weight with the Grain brought, except such Diminution thereof as shall be occasioned by Waste in grinding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Millers should be obliged, in case they dress the Corn brought to them, to return in like Manner, if required, all the Produce of the Corn brought to be ground and dressed (with the Deduction of the Toll, in Cases where Toll is taken) so as to make up an equal Weight with the Grain brought, except such Diminution thereof as shall be occasioned by Waste in dressing as well as in grinding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that no Miller should be allowed to demand any Toll in Kind for grinding Corn, but should be obliged to receive, in lieu thereof, a Payment in Money, except in Cases where the peculiar.

Rights of Mills have been, or may be, established by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Miller, except as above excepted, should be obliged to set up, in a conspicuous Part of his Mill, and renew, when necessary, a distinct and legible Table of the Prices in Money , for which the several Operations of his Mill are to be performed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That when any Person shall bring Corn to a Miller tq be ground, and shall not have Money to pay for grinding the same, such Miller may, with the Consent of the Person bringing the same, take such Quantity of the Corn so to be ground as shall be of equal Value to the Money he may demand for grinding the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to give Power to Magistrates to exercise a summary Jurisdiction for enforcing the before-mentioned Regulations.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

6° K Time,

Order for bringing in Bill to prevent stealing Pewter Pots discharged, and another Bill ordered.

Bill to prevent stealing Pewter Pots presented.

Committee on Mullins's Divorce Bill.

Bill for amending the Warwick and Braun-ston Canal Act, committed.

494 8° — 10° Martii. A. 1796.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. and Sir Francis

Basset do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 26th Day of February last, " That Leave be given " to bring in a Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, " or destroying Pewter Pots, and other Vessels, be- longing to Persons retailing Malt or other Liquors, " within the Limits to be therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying, of Pewter Pots, or other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned: And that Mr. Fox and the Lord Hood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying of Pewter Pots, or other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Townsend Mullins, Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage, his now Wife, and to enable him to many again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and had also heard Counsel on the Part of the said Frances Elizabeth Sage; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir John daunt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Particular ? Order, Account of >

A particular Account of the Application of the seve- ‘

ral Sums included in the Account, presented to the count of the 1 House upon the 4th Day of December last, of the Distribution Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, made of Vote of in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Ma- pre"

jesty to raise the Sum of Ttvo Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said B

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Poole and whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Widbrook Navigable Channel, in the Harbour of Poole, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and np°

Avon Canal at Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and

also certain Navigable Branches from the intended Ca- j

nal, was committed; That the Committee had examined

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together

with a List of the Names of the Persons who have

assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter in

respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing

Order of the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navi-ration to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Sir George Augustus Shuck-

Williamsburgh Evelyn, Mr. Buxton:

'Mr. Praed,

Mr. Dickins:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. Then the main Question being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be now Time.

28.

17-

read a Second

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Billforgranting next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole inS Duties House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Personas certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in cer- deferred, tain Cases.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

Jovis, 10* die M; Anno 36® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

SIR John Mordaunt presented to the House, ac- Bill to regu-

cording to Order, a Bill to regulate the making |ate the mak-and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Pur- jj® " M«stai" chasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality Buttons pre-of such Buttons: And the same was received; and read sented. the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

36 Geo. III.

10° Ma

495

Manton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Moretaine Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, with-

couunitted.1 *n Par*sh of Marston , in the County of

Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Saint John, Mr. Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tuddington The House being informed that in the Bill for IntMrawn dividing ar)d inclosing the Open and Common Fields, wd another Meadows, Lands, Commons, Commonable Places, ordered. and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tuddington, in the County of Bedford, and in the Hamlet of Charlton, within the said Parish, the Names of all the Commissioners, proposed to be appointed, were not inserted in the Copy of the Bill presented to the House $ and that the said Bill was not properly blanked;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Bill to enable the E. I.

sen ted.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier presented to the House, Com an - to accor<^'ngto Order, a Bill to enable the United Company widen Lune of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to Street pre- purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for en- Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier presented to the House, abling the according to Order, a Bill for enabling the United E a to*m"r- Company of Merchants of England trading to the East chase Ground Indies to purchase Ground for building Warehouses for building, upon, and to make anew Street from Petticoat Lane Re presented, to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Old Stratford An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, Church'Road ma<^e die Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, Bill passed. for repairing the Road from Old ,in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. J Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thornton, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Farm an by, Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Town-Bdi ships of Thornton, Farmanb, Ellerbum, and Kingthorp,

within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerbum, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 3. After " deceased," to insert " for " Twenty-one Years."

Pr. 50. 1. 16. After " thereof," to insert " or " Tofts or Toftsteads."

Pr. 98. 1. 7. After " of" to insert " his Tythes " and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. 51.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerbum, and Kingthorp, within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerbum, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mullins's Di-to dissolve the Marriage of William Townsend Mullins, vorC€; Bill Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage, his now Wife, pas*6 and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Walcott In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill Open Fields and Commonable Places of Walcott, in Presented* the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Bill for a Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant to John Grant of Earl of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Lamls to the Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, re- morlandpre-maining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes, or sented. Walks of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Bill for a Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Grant of Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining ter presented, in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Westhay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Williams Vaughan presented to the House, Ba!a and . according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging C'

the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seven- presented, teenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir W atkinLewes presented to the House, according Bill for re-

to Order, a Bill for amending, and reducing into One ducing into Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the ^ne.AcUh_e Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of lit!" Acts ' His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia presented, of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr.

5

Bill for allowing Costs in Cases of Misdemeanors, See. presented.

Bill for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals presented.

Militia Pay Bill passed.

Expiring Laws BHl passed.

496 10° Martii. 1796.

Mr. Hermiker Major presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally in certain Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and A buses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America', to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing-Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise*, to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Vintry, Petition from was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, VinV

That the Petitioners cannot help feeling the utmost do^Dock*"* Alarm and Apprehension when they consider the Na- Ac. Bill, ture and Tendency of the Bill now depending in the House for making Wet Docks and Navigable Cuts from Wapping to Blachvall, and erecting Warehouses in that Vicinity, a Measure, which, if adopted, will divert the Trade of the Port of London into a new and untried Channel, destroy the Hopes and fair Expectations of Men who have spent Years of Industry in establishing their respective Trades, and deprive a Number of honest laborious Citizens of their chartered and unalienable Rights: That the Project of making Wet Docks deserves the most serious Consideration in a National Point of View, as tending most essentially to supersede the Necessity of employing working Lightermen, a hardy and gallant Set of Men, who form one of our principal Nurseries for Seamen, which, in a Maritime State like ours, cannot be too much encouraged; and the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that the said Ward, from its local Situation, having the River on one Side for its Boundary, is particularly interested in the Fate of the said Bill, being burthened with a very numerous Poor, and their Revenues, both Ward and Parochial, are derived in a great Measure from Waterside Premises, and should the Scheme of making Wet Docks take place, those Premises will of course feel a considerable Declension in Value, and be less able to afford that Revenue which an increasing Poor so loudly calls for: And therefore hoping, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

1 in 1 It

ia

P

u t

tl

1

t

a

36 Geo. III. 10* — 11° Martii. 49f

Account of Oats and i Oatmeal I imported, ordered.

Little Yarmouth, &c. Roads Bill, I passed.

Bseeles Pav-log, Ac. Bill, reported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Oats and Oatmeal imported into Great Britain, the last Ten Years; distinguishing the Countries from whence they came, and distinguishing England from Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the Turnpike Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from Bramptfln to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the Turnpike Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Hace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the' following Resolutions of the House, of the 15th Day of May 1711,

" That it appears to this House, that the Sum of Six " hundred and Six thousand Eight hundred Six Pounds " Seven Shillings and Seven Pence, hath been paid " out of the Moneys issued to the Service of the Navy,

" for Provisions supplied to Land Forces, sent to Spam " and Portugal, and for the Garrison of Gibraltar,

" for which no Deductions have been made from the " Pay of those Forces, nor any Part of that Sum " assigned to the Victualling, notwithstanding the several Letters, and Representations, made to the Treasury in that Behalf:" And also, " That such diverting of Moneys, issued to the Service of the Navy,

" to the Land Service, hath lessened the Credit of the " Navy, discouraged the Seamen, occasioned the paying extravagant Rates on the Navy Contracts, and " was a Misapplication of the Public Money," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to' consider of the State of the Nation.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teliers fa the Y~.{ % } &

Tellers for the Noes,(JJj; 4^"*'"' } i 2 6°7'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Dr. Holme* this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Holmes, thanked, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westmi; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. berforce and Mr. Solicitor General do acquaint him therewith.

King's Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is *Dtt® ^ac" concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-dMure Bill" cl°s>ng» the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill (being ingrossed) was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 20. After " Cholmondeley," to insert " the " Right honourable Henry Earl " .

Pr. 74. 1. 3. After " Successors," to insert Henry " Earl Fauconberg, and his Heirs."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Billptned. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Mwider^e0 Pose<^> That this House will resolve itself into a Com-s»ate of the mittee of the whole House, to consider of the State of Nation. the Nation;

*«« Vol. 51.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796. 5

Prayers. i

D E SOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising House of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn- adjourn to ing next. Monday.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Twyford In- ] Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable closure Bill,: and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of oomnutt Twyford, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin,

Mr. Samuel Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation Morweliham from Morweliham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in Quay and the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish Tamerton of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and BU^com-1* also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in mitted. the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, hear to 1

6 L the j

Bill to amend Deal Paving, 6cc. Act, neported.

Houghton Regis Inclosure Bill, committed.

Sir John Honywood's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby Inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition from Owners of Estates in

498 11° Martii. 1796.

the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Honywood reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, w and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, " in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and " Annoyances, therein," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. wood, Mr. Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of certain Estates of Sir John Honyxcood, Baronet, which stood settled on him as Tenant for Life, unimpeachable for Waste, to sell the same Estates with the Timber and Under-wood standing, and for allowing him to receive the Amount of such Timber and Underwood at a fair Valuation, and for debarring him from falling Timber, or committing Waste, on the Lands hereafter to be purchased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gipps do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

within the Parish of Everton, in the County of - Everton, ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting tlle forth, That, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign ^aftworth of his late Majesty, an Act was obtained for dividing &c. Emban'k-and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Comment and mon and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everton, in '|?'.finage which Act, a Power was given to the Commissioners to make Sluices, Drains, and Banks, for carrying off and preventing the Water getting upon the low Grounds within the Parish of Everton aforesaid; and that in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, the necessary Drains and Embankments were made, and certain Grounds, lying in the Parish of Everton, called The Stone Carr, The Little Carr, Bull Dole,

Pusto Hill, the After Grass of Constable Dole, and the Annual Rent of Twenty Shillings arising from a Piece of Meadow called Mare Ing Close, within the Parish of Everton aforesaid, have been applied and appropriated for and towards cleansing, and keeping up, the Drains and Embankments within the said Parish of Everton; and that the Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Gringley and Misterton, are about to inclose the Fields and low Grounds within such respective Parishes, for which Purpose Leave hath been given to bring in such intended Bill, during the present Session, and, for the Purpose of rendering such Inclosure of the Waste and Low Grounds, within the Parishes of Gringley and Misterton aforesaid, more beneficial, a Bill is now depending before the House for embanking and draining all the low' Grounds, not only within the Parishes of Gringley and Misterton, but also within the Parish of Everton: And, that as such Drainage is intended, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, to serve the Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Gringley and Misterton, therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, or otherwise, as shall be advised, against the said Bill passing into a Law, or at least so much thereof as enacts that the Petitioners, or their Estates, within the Parish of Everton aforesaid, shall be made subject or liable to any Charge or Expence for, or towards, the making and erecting any additional Drains and Embankments within the Parish of Everton aforesaid, or for the maintaining and keeping the same in Repair when so made and erected.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes and Townships of Everton, Scafluorth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton, and JValkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, ana improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that Part of Willerby, which lies in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Hambletou Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- J'^osure

# 7 ii|n com_

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Town- rniu'e(i ship of Hambleton, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Owners and Proprietors of Estates

A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keep- Macclesfield ing in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, "dCongk,

committed.

by

36 Geo. III. 11° Marti*.

by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Jodrell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at. Fife of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ramsey In- A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, closure and and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, j^mT' called The Hem Common, and Gore Common, within the committed. Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the several " Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Warboys,

" ceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County " of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely,

" and County of Cambridg;" and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Fellowes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

Bill for ana- That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for anatomizing Ma^fcer- Bodies of Felons executed for Burglary, or Highway uin Felons. Robbery;

Ncg. It passed in the Negative.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

lave passed Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl Temple The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act and Lady to enable the Right honourable Richard Grenville Mam^Set- Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and the

utmen? Bill. Right honourable Anna Eliza Brydges, Spinster, commonly [called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Barrett's Ex- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act change Bill, for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Earl Temple An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An and Lady Act to enable the Right honourable Richard Grenville A.LBrydges Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and the demeofBilk" R*ght honourable Anna Eliza Brydges, Spinster, corn-read. monly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House snGame to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cU' to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the" " better Preservation of the Game, and for securing " Warrens not inclosed, and the several Fishings of " this Realm;" and also, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled,

" An Act for the better Execution of the Inteiit and

Vol. 51.

499

" Meaning of former Statutes made against shooting " in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of " Pheasants and Partridges, and against the destroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing Hares " in the Snow;" and also, an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the more " easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall " destroy the Game of this Kingdom;" and also, an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation " of the Game; " and also* an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the Act of the Fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of the " Game, perpetual, and for making the same more " effectual;" and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth " Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game," in " relation to the selling, or offering to Sale, apy " Game," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yees^^f ‘"»'} 36.

Tellers for the Noes, } ,7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Braddyll took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braddyll reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Braddyll accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Repeal of certain Laws made for the Preservation of the Game.

And Mr. Braddyll moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered. " for the Repeal of certain Laws made for the Preservation of the Game: And that Mr. Braddyll and Mr. Christian Curwen do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, copies of Copies of an Act, passed by the Assembly of certain Acts

in the Month of February 1774, and of an Act passed passed by the by the said Assembly in the Month of November Assembly of t

9 J ftDl£UC8l CCC j

1774, imposing Duties on the Importation of Negroes ordered ' from the Coast of Africa; together with the Proceedings of the Board of Trade in Consequence of those Acts.

j

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Order for Monday last, for taking into further Consideration, upon further con- j

that Day Sevennight, the Report from the Committee '

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Abolition foJrtheAbo-

of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited, was com- lition of the

mitted, might be read. Slave-Trade;

discarded

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That

500 11° — 14° 1796.

That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUer.forth.V^I^^*}

‘re NoeS, {J&STnrtU.: } 8 *;

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 14° die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Crowford A N ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Altrincham R°ad leading from Crossford Bridge, within St ret-

RoadBilim fad, *n the County Palatine of , to Altrincham,

passed. ' in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ufford In- Mr. Dickens presented to the House, according to closure Bill, Order, a Bill to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, present . ^|]e Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and

Heath Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

have agreed Walker:

to Mr. Speaker,

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Game Act. Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Preservation of the Game in that " Part of Great Britain called England; " without any Amendment: And also,

Woollaving- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ton Inclosure Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

Butleigh In- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An closure Bill. Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Butleigh,

in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

amending the for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the War-Birm^ham anc* Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish and O^Act complete the same, and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to vary to vary and alter the Line of the Canal authorized to the Line of be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Canal,*&c.

" Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River " Kennet, at or near the Town of , in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the " City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein " described," and to amend the said Act, and also to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described; with* out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Elcombe In-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open closura BUI. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the Manor of Elcombe, which is situate within the Parish of Wroughton, and within the Tything of Ufcott, in the Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kimberworth Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure Bill. undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kimberworth, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cheswardine Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons *?®,osure and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cheswardine, 1 ' in the County of Salop; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to enlarge Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Bowers of Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, p^*ga^c intituled, "An Act for the better paving, cleansing, Act! g>

" repairing, lighting, and watching, the Highways,

" Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate,

" in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market " House, and holding a Public Market, in the said " Vill ,'*without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tysoelncl*-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common sure Bill. Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures,

Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands within the Parish of Tysoe, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cranford Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, .

passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell, Esquire, have passed. Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore, his Shadwell s now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for Divorce Bill, other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Garrels' Nat. naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrets;to which the Lords Bill, desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An GarreKNat. Act for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrels, was read the Bill, read. First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Shadwell's Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell, ^ore

K Esquire,

Btccle* Paving, &c.

Bill, passed.

Bill to amend Deal Paving, 6c. Act, passed.

Balsall Inclosure Bill, reported.

Bill to regulate the making and vending of Metal Button*, committed.

36 Geo. III.

14° Martii.

601

Esquire, Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore, his now. Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways,

" Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough " of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing " and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets,

" and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal,

" in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances,

" and Annoyances, therein."

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to > Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands, assessed to the Land Tax at 20/. os. 8 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands assessed at 6/. 7#. 10 per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed at the Annual Sum of 243/. 16$. 3 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Vol. 51.

Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Buttons, and of Petition the Merchants and Factors dealing in that Article, in favouro‘ the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Norton In-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- ^osu^®'11 mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and repo other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 16 Acres and 3 Roods of Land; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,850 Acres, or thereabouts j and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl for a of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His the Earl of Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Westhay in Exeter, com the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, mitted-upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl Bill for a of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, °0 the all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in Earl of West His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sale- morland, hay Formes and Shortwood, and in the Forest committed,

of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a,

full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Bill for a Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to George Grant of Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee »iatto

6 M Simple, pregen e<i, j

502

14° Martii. . 1796.

Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Arrington A Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and nclosure Bill ()peil Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Kinnutte . Grounds within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorkc, Mr. Hobart, ike.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's . Chamber.

Plough, Gorlin ghfim nd North ove Inclo-lre Bill, resented.

ala and Utl gel ley, c. Roads ill, com-litted.

vansea igbthouse 11, pre-nted.

alcott In-xsure Bill mmitted.

Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to > Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of El/ough, lVorliSaint Mary, otherwise Great Worlingham, lVorlingliam Saint Peter, otherwise Little lVorlingliam, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and

O i o

Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and w idening several Roads leading to and from the Tow ns of Bala and Dolgcl/ey, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Williams Vaughan, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of Walcott in the Parish of Mistcrton, in the County of Leicester, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Curzon,&c: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

11 for ena- A Bill for enabling the United Company of Mer-ng the E. chants of England trading to the East Indies to pur-Company cjiase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to -ound'for make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, ilding, &c. instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane, was read a mmitted. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Le Mcsuricr, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the i Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

11 to enable A Bill to enable the United Company of Merchants E. I. of England trading to the East Indies to purchase cer-. tn pan y to tain jfouses and Ground contiguous to the India

den Part of &

true Street,

'mmitted.

House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Le Mesuricr, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Morton, Wal-Right honourable George Augusta Earl of , kerith, &c.

and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose an<i

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- petition reselves and others, Freeholders, and having Right of ferredtoa Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon Committee, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Grounds within the several Townships of Morton,

East Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, and Gilby,

in the several Parishes of Gainsburg Bliton, and

Pilham, in the County of Lincoln which was presented

to the House upon the 11 th Day of February last,

and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harrison, Sir Elijah Impey,

Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Hood presented to the House, according Bill to regu-to Order, a Bill to regulate the buying and selling of !ate the buy* Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, Hay" made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William a„d Straw and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the presented. Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee, to Covent Gar-whom the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of den Church Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the mjtied.

Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Site of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Bill for That the Report from the Committee of the whole Abolition of House, to whom the Bill for the Abolition of the the Slave Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited, was committed, Trade, de-

36 Geo. III. 14° Martii. 503

be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yees, {J£ nTrll"': } 62‘

Tellers for the Noes, {"^^arklcn: }l8'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve mittedBUl into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

for granting further of the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Lega-Duties on cies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting Legacies of other Duties thereon, in certain Cases.

Estates The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Copies of Mr. Ryder presented to the House, pursuant to their certain Acts Order,

A^embly of6 N* i. Copy of an Act passed in Jamaica, intituled, Jamaica^ &c. " An Act for laying an additional Duty upon all presented. " Negroes imported into this Island," passed the 12th February 1774: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Act passed in Jamaica, intituled,

" An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and " applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for " One Year the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's " Fiftieth and Sixtieth Regiments of Foot quartered " in this Island," passed the 24th November 1774: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Representation to His Majesty, upon the Memorials of the Merchants of London, Bristol, and Liverpool, complaining of an Act of Jamaica, imposing an additional Duty on Negroes, dated the 19th December, 1774: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Representation to His Majesty, with Draft of an additional Instruction to Sir Basil Keith, dated the 23d February 1775 . And also,

N° 5. Copy of an additional Instruction to Sir Basil Keith: And also,

N° 6. Letter to Sir Basil Keith, with the additional Instruction, dated the 16th March 1775 And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Representation to His Majesty upon an Act, passed in Jamaica in November 1774, intituled, "An Act for raising several Sums of Money, " and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for One Year the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Fiftieth and Sixtieth Regiments of Foot, " quartered in this Island," dated the 26th June

>775- -

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia.

To 300 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of 25 /. per Annum, respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly Exercise ——

To 300 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of 201, per Annum respectively ——

£. s d.

7,500 ——

6,000 — — 13,500 ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Indemnity A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Bill commit- i0 qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, ted' and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others,

who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora-Vol. 51.

tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the

Clerks

Estimate of Allowances to Militia Officers, reported.

King's Con sent to Little Barton Inclo-aure Bill.

King's Consent to Snen-ton Inclosure Bill.

Instruction for amending Laws for Preservation of the Game.

Leicestershire Petition for a Tax on Dogs, referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Bill for reducing into One Act, the London Militia Acts, committed.

504 14° Martii. A. 1796.

Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, which Bill was, upon the 4th Day of this Instant March, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Repeal of certain Laws made for the Preservation of the Game, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for altering and amending several other of the said Law?, and for establishing certain other Regulations for Preservation of the Game.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for amending, andseducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain " Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to " His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States " of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this " Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations " in America, with respect to certain Articles therein " mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories " belonging to the United States of America, so far as " the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried " on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Trustees of the Corporate Fund of the ancient and loyal Town of Liverpool, have always been ready, from Motives of Duty, to give every Encouragement in their Power to the Commercial Interest of that Part of the Community under their Care, and to promote the Public Welfare: That, the Trade of Liverpool having met with the Countenance of the House in many Acts of Parliament which have passed at different Times for the constructing of convenient Docks for its Shipping, and particularly for the African Ships, which, from their Form and Construction, require to be constantly

afloat,

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Committee on high Prico of Corn, deferred.

American Trade Acts, to be considered.

Petition from the Corporation of Liverpool against the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

36 Geo. III.

14° Ma

505

afloat, the Petitioners have been emboldened to lay out very large Sums, and to pledge their Corporate Seal to a still greater Amount, for effecting those laudable Purposes, and from these superior Conveniences of the Docks, and other local Advantages, ‘added to the enterprizing Spirit of the People, the Trade of pool, and particularly the African Trade, which forms the most extensive Branch thereof, and, in Effect, gives Strength and Energy to the Whole, is arrived at such a Pitch of Consequence as cannot but affect and improve, and is materially, and inseparably, connected with, the Wealth and Prosperity of the Kingdom at large; and that the Petitioners observe, with real Concern, the repeated Attempts and Endeavours to effect a total, and almost immediate, Abolition of this Branch of Commerce, which has hitherto received the Protection of the Legislature, and been encouraged by continual Bounties and large Annual Grants, and they trust that the Restrictions and Regulations which have lately taken place in the said Trade, under the Directions and Authority of Parliament, have now removed the objectionable Parts of it, and leave no fair or reasonable Ground of Complaint: And therefore praying, That the Bill, now depending before the House, for the Abolition of the African Slave Trade, may not pass into a Law, which must in its Consequences so materially and essentially affect, not only the Revenues and Estates of the said Corporation, and the general Welfare and Prosperity of the Town and Port of pool, but also the Public Revenue, the Landed Interest, the Manufactures, and the Maritime Strength, of the Kingdom in general.

A Petition of the Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of , was

also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, observing that a Bill has been brought into the House for a total Abolition of the African Slave Trade, within a very limited Period of Time, beg Leave to express, with the greatest Respect, that many of the Petitioners having, under the Protection of the Legislature, embarked a considerable Part of their Property in that Trade, will be very materially injured if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that such Abolition, in the Petitioners Judgment, would not only be a great Detriment to the Port of Liverpool, but in its Consequences produce great Distress to the extensive Manufactories of the County of Lancaster, and to many of the other rich, opu-

lent, and industrious manufacturing Towns in the Kingdom, and would in no Degree answer the benevolent Purposes of Humanity, but only serve to remove the Benefits and Advantages of that Trade to Foreign States: And the Petitioners therefore, confiding in the Justice and Wisdom of the House, entertain great Hopes that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but if, contrary to their Expectations, the Bill shall receive the Sanction of Parliament, the Petitioners pray, That an adequate Compensation may be made to them for the grievous Losses they will thereby sustain.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

General The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

Inclosure Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a

recommitted Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, upon the Bill, deferred, jjn for facilitating the Division and Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 51.

Petition from the Merchants, &c. of Liverpool, against the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this Bill to amend

present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Act forallow-

" allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Im- m„gWw, Ue*

.. . © 7 r _ 7 on Wneat,

" portation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat &c. ordered.

" Flour, Indian Com, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British " Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of " any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty,

" or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for " Home Consumption," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of , "iakin? a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: *

And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and a free Port, bring in, the same. ordered.

Mr. Monckton reported from the Committee, to Streetway,

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Wolver-certain Acts of Parliament, made for repairing seve- nami)to|?'ifc' ral Roads in the Counties of StaffoiWorcester, and re^rted.* ' Wirwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called Streetway, in the County of Stafford, through Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Osborn reported from the Committee, to whom Pertenlmii the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Bl11. reported. Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 40 Acres of Land and Two Cottage Rights, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 103 Acres of Land, and One Cottage Right, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property in the Lands, intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of Three Cottage Rights and 885 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making an Exchange of Lands, for Lands in the Parish

of Kysoe.

6 N And

506 14° — 15° A. 1796.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Paving, tic.Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

Act, reported, u for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other " public Passages and Places, within the King's " Town of Maidstone, in the County of for re-

" moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions. Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for " better supplying the said Town with Water, and " for repairing the Highways within the Parish of " Maidstone," to raise a further Sum of Money for completing -the Purposes of the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'etitton80" A Petition of John Nelson, of Broughton, in the gainst County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and libalditowe read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and nclosure inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pas-1 ' tures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste

Grounds, in the Lordship of Hibaldstorve, in the County of Lincoln; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, the Property of the Petitioner in the Parish of will be

materially affected, and the Petitioner conceives there is not any Provision in the said Bill for securing to him an adequate Compensation for the Injury he is likely to sustain thereby: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Property, and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Report on A Motion heing made, That the Report, which

leUne^f upon 3^ I^ay of this Instant March, was made

leSomer- from the Committee, to whom the Bill to vary and ;tshire Coal alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by anal, further aj, Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the unsidered. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act *. for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal,

with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from the " several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, " in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts" and to alter and amend the said Act, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

Bill for completing the Purposes of Maidstone

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 6th Day of this Instant March, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk Account of to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of " the City of London, from the 10th of October 1794 to " the 10th of October 1795, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by Two Acts, One of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

" King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London "

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Account of the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Oats and Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; pr

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to gented. their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Oats and Oatmeal imported into Great Britain, in the last Ten Years; distinguishing the Countries from whence they came, and distinguishing England from Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 15* die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1796.

Praters.

ABIL L to explain and amend an Act, passed in Eltesmere the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and Ruabon and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Chester)

" Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the committed.

" River

Balsall Inclosure Bill, passed.

Bill to vary the Line of the Somersetshire Coal Canal, passed.

Comwhitton 1 and Cumrew Inclosure Bill, reported.

36 Geo. III. 15° Mariii. 507

" River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County the Persons interested in the Inclosure hte assessed at " of Chester, and also for making and maintaining Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, or thereabouts;

" certain Collateral Cuts froih the aaid intended Canal," and that no Person appeared before the Cortitnittee To and for varying and altering certain Parts of The'Course oppOSe the Bill); and that the 'Committee had gone 'Of the said =Canal and "Collateral Cuts between Ruabon through the Bill, and made several Amendments and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making the reunto, which they had directed him to report to and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Cute to communicate therewith, Was read a Second ‘afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Time. in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments

Resolved, That the Bill be committted to Mr. 'were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

Kynaston, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet One by One; and, upon the Question severally put this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Chamber. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E^l Temple Manor and Hamlfet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton to enable the Right honourable Richard Grenville dB^g^' in Arden, in the County of Warwick, was read the Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and "the MarmgeSet-Third Time. Right honourable Anna Eliza Brydges, Spinster, com- dement Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tnonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make Set- committed, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the tlements on the Marriage intended between them, several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was read a and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in Second Time.

Arden, in the County of Warwick. Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir Wil-

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill Ham Young, Mr. Grenville, &c. t And they are to meet to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining " a Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone " Roads, from the several Collieries in the County of " Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet u and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the " County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a " Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone " Roads, from several Collieries in the County of " Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet " and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the " County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of CunvwhHton and Cumrew, both within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland, and likewise a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called King Henry, in the said Parish of and

Parcel of the said Barony, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative'to Bills of InClosure, had been complied with; and' that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing one of the Commissioners therein named (except the Owners of Estates whose Purvey Rates amount to One; Shilling and Three Pence, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Estates whose Purvey Rates amount to Four Pence, who could not be found; and also except the Owners of Estates assessed at Six Pence Half-penny, or thereabouts; who were written to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Estates of

Vol.,51.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclbsing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Beighton, in the County of l)erby; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by William Egerton, Esquire, for the Sale of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and Interest, advanced upon an Assignment of the Chester Canal Navigation, with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security for the same, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the Will of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition in thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other favour oi Merchants, Traders, and Owners of Ships and Vessels Docks"&c in the Port and Borough of Maldon, was presented to Bill. ' the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping: And praying the House to pass the same into a Law, because they conceive it must contribute to the greater Ease

and

The Lords have agreed to

Beighton Inclosure Bill.

Gateford and Shireoaks Inclosure Bill.

Grandborough Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed

Egerton's

Agreement

Bill.

Tattershall, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Petition, reported.

Voices to Committee on Marston Moretaine Inclosure Bill.

; Pertenhall: Inclosure i Bill, passed.

Snenton Inclosure Bill, passed.

508 15° Marin. A. 1796.

and Safety of all Vessels trading to the said Port of London, and will inevitably prove of great Public Utility to Trade and Commerce.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Right honourable Hugh Earl Fortescue, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preserving certain Low Lands called The Fens, lying " on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of " Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge, in the " City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to " the Sea," was read: And,

Mr. John Parkinson being examined, said. That the Works made in pursuance of the said Act have been found ineffectual to secure the said Lands and Grounds from being overflowed; that the said Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit to the Parties interested if the same were divided and inclosed, and the said Lands and Grounds abutting on the River Witham were better embanked and drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Township of Tatter shill Thorpe, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Vyner, Junior, and Sir John Thor old do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Marston Moretaine, in the County of Bedford, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, Lnat Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Lands, within -the Parish of Snenton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the 1

Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste;

Lands, within the Parish of Snenton, in the County of \

Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom Folkestone the Bill for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Paving. &c. Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of B ,iepo Folkestone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-. . port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, Little Bart* to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Inclosure Bill, closing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half rePorted-Year Lands, Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Cora- Trent and mittee to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Mersey Canal Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the ®,u»rePorted-Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-. livered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered,

36 Geo. III. 15° Martii 509

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

| Strwtwaj, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and &c Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, made for repair-RoadsBiil, " 'ng several Roads in the Counties of Worcester,

I passed. and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called Streetway, in the County of Staff; ffwd, through Wolverhampton, to the High Street

opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, was read the Third Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place i called Streetway, in the County of Stafford, through

Wolverhampton, to Wordsley Green Gate, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower Sutherland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wakefield Mr. John Smith reported from the Committee, to InSchm tec w^om Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and rMonurittoi °ther public Passages and Places within and near to M,repotted, the Town of Wdkefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually'cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed bim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Ellesmere whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in Canal Bill the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present ifrom. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and main- Common)

" taining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at reported.

" Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain " Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherry-mans Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im- West Ella, proving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- Kirk Ella, mons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Town- and Willerby ships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby, in the Bin,°com-County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and within mitted. that Part of Willerby, which lies in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Report oa A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon *be 7*b Day of this Instant March, was made pmbire " from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend Cual Act, an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, farther con- f0r making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from aidered. Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for permitting Actions to be brought against the Clerk of the Company.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol.51.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barrett's Ex-for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands in the cha.nge Blll>

C O T9An

several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett ,of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of additional . themselves and others exercising that Business within pawnbrokers the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Bill. Mortality, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to continue so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further " regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," as was not repealed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and Setting forth, That the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign requires, as the Petitioners conceive, some Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, and that it would be convenient for the Magistrates, and beneficial to the Pawnbrokers, and the Public, if the Powers of the said Act, with such Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, as may be found requisite, were consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made for effecting the Purposes aforesaid in the said Bill now depending, or in such other Way us to the House shall seem meet.

6 O Ordered,

s

Bill for more effectual Execution of Election Acts, deferred.

Orders in Council prohibiting the Exportation of Rock Salt, presented.

510 1 Mart 1796.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committeee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command.

N" l. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, dated the 12th of August 1795, prohibiting the Exportation of any Sort of Rock Salt until the 25th Day of December then next, except as therein excepted: And also,

N° 2. Copy of His Majesty's Order it) Council, dated the 30th of December 1795, for continuing the Prohibition on the Exportation of any Sort of Rock Salt, for the Space of Eight Weeks, to commence from the 25th Day of the said Month of December: And also,

N° 3. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, dated the 12th of February 1796, for continuing the Prohibition on the Exportation of any Sort of Rock Salt, for the Space of Four Weeks, to commence from the 19th Day of the said Month of February.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

And the said Papers were also read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

At the Court at St. James's, the 1 sth of August

*795;

PRESENT,

The KING's Most Excellent Majesty in Council:

His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, hath thought fit to order, and it is hereby ordered, That no Person or Persons whosoever shall, from and after the Publication of this Order in The London Gazette, until the 25th Day of December 1795, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever. His Majesty, nevertheless, by the Advice aforesaid, hath thought fit to order, That nothing herein contained shall prevent the same being carried Coastwise under the usual Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, nor the Exportation of the same to Ireland, or to any other of His Majesty's Dominions, under the usual Conditions and Regulations, and upon Security being given by the Exporter and Two other Persons (of whom the Master of the Vessel shall be one) by Bond in such Penalty as shall be directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, that the said Rock Salt shall be exported to some Port or Place in His Majesty's Dominions, and none other; and that a Certificate shall be produced within Six Months from the Date of the Bond if such Rock Salt shall be entered out for any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe, ana within Twelve Months if for any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in America or the West Indies, and

within Eighteen Months if for any of the British Settlements or Factories in Asia or Africa, under the Hand of the principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such Rock Salt shall be so landed; and if there shall be no Officer of the Customs, then under the Hand of the Chief Magistrate of the Place, testifying that the said Rock Salt has been duly landed at the Port or Place for which the same was entered out; and the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, are to give the necessary Directions herein, as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed) Steph. Cottrell,

At the Court at St. James's, the 30th of December 1795;

PRESENT,

The KING's Most Excellent Majesty in Council:

Whereas the Time limited by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 12th Day of August last, for prohibiting the exporting out of this Kingdom any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, expired upon the 25th Day of this Instant December; and whereas it is judged expedient for His Majesty's Service, that the said Prohibition should be continued for some Time longer; His Majesty, therefore, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, hath thought fit to order, and it is hereby ordered, That no Person or Persons whatsoever do, at any Time during the Space of Eight Weeks, to commence from the said 25th Day of this Instant December, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, except as excepted in His Majesty's former Order in Council of the 12th of August last, and subject to the Conditions therein expressed; and the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports are to give the necessary Directions herein, as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed) Steph. Cottrell.

At the Court at St. James's, the 12 th of February I796i PRESENT,

The KING's Most Excellent Majesty in Council:

Whereas the Time limited by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 30th Day of December last, for prohibiting the exporting out of this Kingdom any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, will expire upon the 19th Day of this Instant February, and whereas it is judged expedient for His Majesty's Service that the said Prohibition should be continued for some Time longer; His Majesty therefore, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, hath thought fit to order, and it is hereby ordered, That no Person or Persons whatsoever do, at any Time during the Space of Four Weeks, to commence from the said 19th Day of this Instant February, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any ° Port

36 Geo. III. 15° jMctriii. "

511

Port or Place in Great Britain, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, except as excepted in His Majesty's former Order in Council of the 12th of August 1795, and subject to the Conditions therein expressed; and the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, are to give the necessary Directions herein, as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed) TV.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Rock Salt In- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tenuity, See.indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in Bill, ordered. a(jvjs;ng; or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House *D*ncan to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

1 MHO Apfo *

to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " Statesand also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, " made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Ma-'* jesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade i % and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British " Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect " to certain Articles therein mentioned and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of " His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " Territories belonging to the United States of America, " so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce " carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants " of the Countries belonging to the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. "Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, iso far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulatinethe Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions Vol. 51.

and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate for the Trade and Commerce carried on between this-Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr. Hobart Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for further continuing and amending the Bill for preseveral Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and venting Abuses committed in die Admeasurement of Coals Frauds"1^ within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that meni^fUre^ Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and Coals, com-the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and mitted. Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of

Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Lord Hood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, onjndemmty upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit- 1 ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for blowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of ClerkB to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrtfvfc.

Morning.

... . 4 . - ‘ '

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Scotch Game intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation1 Act>ordered* " of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland', and for repealing and amending several of <! the Laws now in, being relative thereto, might be > read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in; a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Robert Dundasand.

Mr. Robert Barclay do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Bill for the ipto further Consideration. the Report from the Com- slave of mittee of the whole House, to whom, the Bill for the Trade, put Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited, offforFour was committed; > Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question beiBg proposed, that the said Report be now taken into further Consideration:

The

Committee y on Hocker-ton, Ac. Roads BtU, revived.

Mr. Osborn to carry Per-tenhall Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Hunter's Trustees Petition, reported.

513 15® — 16* Martit. A. 1796.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches " and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties " upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and " on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock " Salt for Ireland and for securing the reby, and by a " Weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by " several Duties on Hides and Skins, a Yearly Fund " of One hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred " and Seventy Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein " mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding Two Millions, to be raised for carrying on " the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions/' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon this Day Four " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word^ now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.'

[The Lord

Tellers for the Yeas, ' Mr. Matthew 70.

I tagu:

Tellers for the Noes [G&aenX Tarleton,

tellers for the JNoes,

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Four Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Four Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Martii;

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Copy of the late Mr. Hunter's Will was produced, which, among other Things, directed as follows:

" I also give to the said Matthew Baillie and Everard Home, all my Collection of Natural History, " and the Cases and other Things belonging thereto, " or used therewith, upon Trust, that they offer the " same to Sale, in One entire Lot, to the Government " of Great Britain, at such Price that may be considered as reasonable between both Parties, and in " case of Refusal, then that it may be offered to Sale " to any Foreign Government or State, upon the like " Terms, and in Failure of such Sale, then to dispose " of the same in an entire Lot, in such Manner as they " shall think proper."

Then your Committee proceeded to examine

Dr. Matthew Baillie, Physician, and Lecturer on Anatomy.

What are the Reasons which make you offer the late Mr. Hunters Collection to Parliament ?

We are obliged to do it by a Clause in Mr. Hun-, ter's Will.

What is the Nature of the Collection ?

It consists of a great Number of Preparations of the various Parts of different Animals, intended to illustrate the various Functions of Animal Life, as subservient to a better Knowledge of Physiology, and likely to improve very much the Knowledge of Medicine and Surgery.

What is the Object of the Collection ?

To make us better acquainted with the Functions of Animal Life generally, and more particularly with those of Man, therefore to make us better able to reason accurately about the Nature of Diseases, and their Remedies.

Do the Answers to the Two last Questions apply to the Whole of this Collection ?

Every Animal whatever has Circumstances in its Structure, which, when considered, tend to illustrate the Functions of Animals generally, therefore every Part of this Collection has the same great important Object in View.

Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

PxiT E ES.

f\KDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-, unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Osborn do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Matthew Baillie, Physician, and Everard Home, Esquire, Surgeon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, that the House might be the better enabled more fully to understand the Circumstances of the Case, the Committee had directed him to report specially the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them; and he read the

What Advantage can the Public derive from it?

That the different Functions of the Animal Economy will be better understood. Physicians and Surgeons better acquainted with the Nature of Diseases, and therefore more able to apply Remedies, which may-be likely to remove or relieve them.

What Length of Time can such a Collection be preserved ?

I should believe that Part of the Collection, which is preserved in Spirit, will last for Centuries, because preserved in a Fluid that has a strong antiputrescent Power; and that as long as the Fluid retains the same Property, it appears impossible that these Preparations should decay — that this Opinion, as far as we can judge by Experience, seems to be well founded — that Specimens, prepared in this Way, for a great Number of Years, seemed not to be sensibly changed — that Preparations made the Beginning of Mr. Hunter's Collection, above Forty Years ago, still remain without any sensible Change — those of Albinus are in the same State of Preservation as at first, which must be Sixty Years old at the least — with respect to the dried Preparations in Mr. Hunter's Collection, a great Proportion of them must, from their Nature, be preserved unimpaired for Centuries — that those considered as the most perishable have not as yet shewn any sensible Signs of Decay.

What

36 Geo. III.

What Annual Expence will be required to keep it in its present State of Preservation ?

Two hundred Pounds a Year >vill do it amply — in this Sum the Salary of a Person, who might take Care of the Collection, and make it useful to the Public, is included.

Does this Collection form a systematic Series, so arranged that it cannot be replaced if suffered to be dispersed ?

Yes, certainly; unless the same Labour and Sagacity were continued for a long Series of Years, and unless a Person should arise with the same Reputation in these Pursuits; which last Circumstance induced many Persons of different Countries to send Specimens of various Animals to Mr. Hunter for Examination, which would not have been sent to a Person of less Celebrity.

Withdrew.

Everard Home, Esquire, Surgeon, and Lecturer in Anatomy.

What are the Reasons which make you offer the late Mr. Hunters Collection to Parliament ?

A Clause in Mr. Hunter's Will, requiring us so to do.

What is the Nature of the Collection?

It consists of Parts of Animals so prepared as to shew their internal Structure, collected from the whole Animal Kingdom.

What is the Object of the Collection ?

To expose, at One Point of View, the Mechanism of the different. Orders of Animals, from the most simple to the most perfect; by this Means to enable us to distinguish between those Structures essential to Life, and those superadded for other Purposes; also to enable us to discover the Uses of the different Parts of the Organs of the more perfect Animals, by comparing them with the same Organs of Animals of inferior Orders, which are made up of fewer Parts, and therefore more easily understood.

Do the Answers to the Two last Questions apply to the Whole of this Collection ?

The Collection comprehends One great System, of which, every Preparation constitutes a Part, the Whole being subservient to One great View.

What Advantage can the Public derive from it ?

It tends to improve our Knowledge of the Anatomy, Physiology, and Diseases of the Human Body, which, as it is most perfect in its Construction, is too complex to admit of Investigation; and therefore, when the same Parts are found in other Animals, applied to different Purposes, it enables us to understand their Use in the Human Body; for there are many Parts of the Human Body, which, probably, could never be investigated without comparative Anatomy.

What Length of Time can such a Collection be preserved ?

There is in that Collection a Preparation preserved for Three Centuries and an Half, which had been kept in a Liquor, probably less antisceptic than that used for the other Preparations; from this Fact, and my own Knowledge of the Collection of above Twenty Years,- I should consider the greater Part of it capable of being preserved for many Centuries — the other Parts of the Collection, which are considered the most, perishable, have undergone no Change in Forty Years, and therefore they may likewise be preserved for Centuries.

What is the Value of the Collection?

It cost Mr. Hunter upwards of Thirty Years Vot. 61.

513

Labour; and from living in it the greater Part of Mr. Hunter's Twenty Years of that Period, I feel myself justified Collection of in the Assertion, that he laid out more than 15,000l. in bringing it to its present State, exclusive of the Presents that were made to him, which were very considerable; the Value of the Time he employed, and the System which the Whole contains, being the Produce of superior anatomical Skill and mental Ability.

What Annual Expence will be required to keep it in its present State of Preservation ?

Two hundred Pounds per Annum would appear a sufficient Sum to keep up the Collection in its present State, including a Salary of 100l. a Year to a Person employed for that Purpose.

Does this Collection form a systematic Series, so arranged that it cannot be replaced if suffered to be dispersed ?

To replace it would require the same Abilities, the same Length of Time, and the same Expence, should a Person of Mr. Hunter's anatomical Skill, and Enthusiasm for such Pursuits, ever be found to make such an Attempt; and even then many particular Preparations essential to the System could not be procured.

Withdrew.

Henry Cline, Esquire, Surgeon to St.

Hospital, and Teacher of Anatomy.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ?

Frequently.

What is its present State of Preservation?

Very good.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

I know of none which is so extensive in the Number of Anatomical Preparations to illustrate the Structure of Animals in general, and the Human Body in particular; consequently it is more valuable than any other Collection of the same Kind.

In what does this Collection differ from other Anatomical Collections?

In illustrating, from Animals generally, the Structure of the Human Body, by a comparative View of the Parts of such Animals.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to the Public ?

It has a Tendency, by explaining the Economy of the Human Anatomy, to give more clear Ideas of different Diseases.

What do you consider to be the Value of such a Collection ?

It is not possible to make any exact Valuation, because, if this Collection was lost, I don't conceive it could be replaced for 20,000l., if at all.

How long can such a Collection be preserved ?

That Part of it which is preserved in Spirits does not appear subject to Decay, provided a reasonable Care is taken to keep it in Repair — with respect to the other Parts of the Collection, they probably would last for some Centuries with equal Care.

What Annual Expence will be required to keep up the Collection in its present State ?

About 200l. Annually would be sufficient to pay the Salary of a proper Person, and find Materials for the necessary Repairs.

Withdrew.

6 P

16° Martii.

514

16° Martii. A. 1796.

.Hunter's William Cruikshank, Esquire, Surgeon, and Collection of Teacher of Anatomy.

N atural , J

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection?

I have known it about Twenty-five Years.

What is its present State of Preservation ?

In the greatest Perfection, and superior to any I have ever seen.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value ? Certainly not.

In what does this Collection differ from other Anatomical Collections r

In being a Whole more complete.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to the Public?

Anatomical Collections have given more Ardour to Young Men, and been the Means of making better Physicians and Surgeons than ever existed before.

What do you consider to be the Value of such a Collection ?

I should consider it as almost invaluable.

How long can such a Collection be preserved ?

For some Centuries I should believe — Ruych's Collection is an Hundred Years old, which was sold to Czar Peter the Great, and which I am informed is still in high Preservation.

What Annual Expence will be required to keep up the Collection in its present State ?

Two hundred Guineas at least, including the Salary of a Person to look after it.

Does this Collection form a systematic Scries, so arranged that it cannot be replaced if suffered to be dispersed ?

The finest in the World, and I don't believe it ever could be replaced.

Withdrew'.

William Blizzard, Esquire, Surgeon to the London Hospital, and Lecturer in Anatomy.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ?

I have.

What is its present State of Preservation ?

The best possible.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value ?

I know of no other, in this or any other Country, of equal Extent and Value.

In what does this Collection differ from other Anatomical Collections ?

It is comprehensive of Articles illustrative of the Structure and Functions of the Organs of Animals in general, of their Distinctions, Links, and Dependants, from the most simple Progress from Vegetable Existence, proceeding to the most complex and perfect, that of Man, by which Light is thrown upon the Structures and Functions of the Parts of each Particular, by which their Diseases are rendered better understood.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to the Public ?

Of the greatest, while Health, and Life, and the Knowledge of Diseases, are considered of Importance} since the Collection tends to improving the Means of maintaining Health and Life, and of preventing and removing Diseases.

Does this Collection form a systematic Series, so

arranged that it cannot be replaced if suffered to be dispersed ?

I do not believe that all the known Collections would constitute a Collection, in Point of systematic Arrangement, equally valuable.

What do you consider to be the Value of such a Collection ?

I believe, in what I have been assured, that some of the Articles cost 15,000l., others were obtained without Cost; but every Article has the Stamp of the Finger directed by the Judgment of a Man superior, I believe, to any one that ever existed in Point of practical Anatomy, and every Article, I conceive, must thence acquire at least double its original Value, from the Art employed upon it — in respect of the Arrangement and the Application of the Whole, I consider the Collection as inestimable.

How long can such a Collection be preserved ?

It consists of certain Articles little liable to change from any Cause, such as Bones, Calculi, &c.; these may last for Ages with little or no Attention — of Casts in resinous Substances, Plaister of Paris, &c.; they will also last for Ages with Care and Attention — of Things preserved in Spirits, which, I conceive, may be preserved so long as the Medium is supplied — and of some Things perishable through Insects, &c. which yet may be preserved for a great Length of Time with Care and Attention.

What Annual Expence will be required to keep up the Collection in its present State ?

I believe 200l. a Year may be sufficient, including the Salary to a Curator.

Withdrew.

John Abernethie, Esquire, Surgeon, and Lecturer in Anatomy and Surgery.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection?

I have.

What is its present State of Preservation ?

In very perfect Preservation.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

I do not.

In what does this Collection differ from other Anatomical Collections ?

In shewing the Structure and Uses of the Parts of the Human Body, by comparing them with similar Parts in almost every Species of Animals.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to the Public ?

Of the greatest, inasmuch as it explains the Uses and natural Functions of the Parts of the Human Body, which being known, their Diseases will necessarily be understood, and the Mode of curing them pointed out.

What do you consider to be the Value of such a Collection ?

I cannot appreciate it — many Preparations, I believe, cannot be replaced, and the Remainder not without the Exertion of similar Talents and Industry.

How long can such a Collection be preserved ?

The Preparations in Spirits are never likely to suffer Change, and the perishable Part of the other Preparations is very small, when compared to the Whole.

What

36 Geo. III. 16° Martii. 515

What Annual Expence will be required to keep up the Collection in its present State?

I believe it may be done for 200l. Annum.

Withdrew.

Sir George Baker, Baronet, President of the College of Physicians.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ?

Yes; within these Ten Days.

What is the present State of its Preservation ?

I did not observe that any Part had received any Injury.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

I do not conceive that there is any Anatomical Collection in Europe equal to it either in Extent or Value.

In what way can it promote Medical Education ?

I believe that it would extremely promote Medical Education, if it were to be committed to a Society of Men conversant in Anatomical Pursuits, who might superintend the Care of it, and appoint a Person competent to the reading Lectures upon the several Parts of it, by which the Animal Economy would be greatly illustrated; and I likewise think it would tend more to Medical Improvement, if, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, it were accessible to Students; I think likewise a descriptive and explanatory Catalogue should be made of it

What should you consider the Value of such a Collection ?

This Collection must have been very expensive; and it is well known that Mr. Hunter never regarded Money when in Pursuit of his favourite Object; but the Question is not what it cost, but what it is ? — It is the Produce of great Ingenuity, unexampled Labour, and Perseverance for Forty Years, or nearly, of a Man's Life; and if it can tend to the Improvement of Medicine, by that Consideration it acquires an intrinsic Value, and gives the Family of Mr. Hunter a Claim to an adequate Compensation.

Withdrew.

Sir Charles Blagden, Knight, formerly Physician

to the Army, and now Secretary to the Royal Society.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunters Collection?

I have several Times; Once within this Fortnight.

What is the present State of its Preservation ?

It appeared to me to be in perfect good Condition.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

1 do not; nor do I think there can be any so valuable, as Mr. Hunter's Ideas were so enlarged on that Subject, and his Industry was remarkably persevering.

In what Way can it promote Medical Education ?

Certainly by being made the Property of the Public, and by having proper Persons appointed to explain it to Students.

What should you consider, the Value of such a Collection ?

I can't judge in any Respect.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to Natural History and general Science?

Of the greatest Importance for explaining the

Vol. 51.

Animal Economy, both in the Human Subject and Mr. Hunter'# in the inferior Classes of Animals, thereby very much Collection of improving Science in general, particularly Zoology, and tending very much in its Effect to improve the Practice of Physic.

Withdrew.

Dr. George Fordyce, Physician to St. Thomas's Hospital, and Lecturer on the Practice of Physic.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunters Collection ?

I have, through the whole Period of its Formation, and have likewise seen it several Times lately, and particularly about Ten Days ago, for the Purpose of giving my Opinion with regard to its Preservation.

What is the present State of its Preservation ?

In a perfect State of Preservation, as far as I was able to judge.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value.

I do not.

In what Way can it promote Medical Education ?

Its Usefulness in promoting Medical Education arises from the Explanation of several of the Functions of the Human Body, which may be procured from it, and which could not be known from the Anatomy of the Human Body itself. — I conceive, undoubtedly, that its being in the Possession of the Public, and proper Persons being appointed to take Care of it, and explain the several Parts and Uses of it to Students in Medicine, would be the best Manner of rendering it useful.

What should you consider the Value of such a Collection ?

I believe that Mr. Hunter has expended what would have been a very large Fortune for his Family, as near as I can judge above 25,000l. in forming it; and that such a Collection could not have been formed by a Man of less Ingenuity, Perseverance, and Industry.

Withdrew.

Dir. David Pitcairn, Physician to Christ's Hospital.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ?

Frequently; and particularly within these Ten Days.

What is the present State of its Preservation ?

It seems to me to be at present in a very good State of Preservation.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

I know of none in this Country so extensive or valuable; and, never having been out of this Country,

I cannot speak as to those of other Countries — to the best Information I have had on the Subject, I believe there is not any.

In what Way can it promote Medical Education ?

It may be applied in various Ways — perhaps the best Mode would be that which Mr. Hunter himself proposed to apply it to, which was, by giving Lectures upon the general Physiology of Animal Nature, and illustrating those Lectures by shewing the Preparations contained in his Museum.

What should you consider the Value of such a Collection ?

I cannot answer — I know it cost Mr. Hunter above 20,000l., without considering his Labour of near Forty Years, and exclusive of ail Presents.

How long might such a Collection be preserved ?

The Bones, Calculi, and the Preparations in

Spirits,

Mr. Hunter's

Collection of

Natural

History.

516

Spirits, which constitute the largest and most important Part of the Collection, have not changed, and are in their Nature almost imperishable, and the dried Preparations have suffered very little Alteration in Twenty Years.

Is there any Collection in Great Britain by which Students could acquire the Knowledge of comparative Anatomy ?

I know of none.

Upon what Principle or System was Mr. Hunter's Collection formed ?

The Object of it was to enlarge- our Knowledge of the Human Body and its Functions; to improve therefore the Art of Preserving it in Health, and remedying its Diseases.

Does Mr. Hunters Collection of Comparative Anatomy contribute materially to this Purpose ?

It certainly does.

Are not Anatomical Preparations of Animal and Vegetable Substances essential for illustrating the Science of the Anatomy of the Human Body ?

The Human Body being the most complicated of all Animal Machines, in order to understand and explain its various Parts it becomes necessary for us to examine similar Parts in Vegetables and Animals of a more simple Form, and from such Examination we are often enabled to illustrate and explain the Functions of more complicated Parts in the Human Body.

Withdrew.

Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, K. B. President of the Royal Society.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunters Collection ?

I have, several Times, and have viewed it lately, in order that I might be prepared, in case I should be called upon, to give an Account of it.

What is its present State of Preservation?

It appears to me to be in a very good State of Preservation.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

Not having been educated to Anatomy, or having any particular Knowledge in that Branch of Science, it is impossible for me to form a satisfactory Opinion on that Subject.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collec-lection to Natural History and general Science ?

I conceive such Parts of the Collection as illustrate the comparative Structure of different Animals with those of Men, and shew the nicer Parts of the Structure of Vegetables, which cannot be observed unless they are displayed with much Skill and Accuracy, as extremely interesting and useful to the Promotion of Natural History, and of Science in general.

What is the Value of the Collection ?

Not being in the Habits of buying Matters of this Nature, I do not feel myself able to put a Value on it.

A. 1796.

Joseph Planta, Esquire, Librarian to the British Museum, and Secretary to the Royal Society.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ?

I have seen it very lately.

What is its present State of Preservation ?

I think in very good Preservation.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value?

I do not from my own Knowledge — 1 have heard much of Fontanas'Collection at Florence, but I do

not think that Collection would be of so much Utility as Mr. Hunter's, because it consists only of Models — I know of no other Collection that is made for the same Purpose, or with so enlarged a View.

Of what Importance do you consider such q Collection to Natural History and general Science?

Of the greatest, for Education in the Medical and Chirurgical Professions.

What is the Value of the Collection?

I am not competent to answer that Question.

How long do you think such a Collection of Natural History can be preserved ?

The Collection in Spirits may be preserved, with some little Care, a great Length of Time — the dried Specimens of Natural History will require more Care, and cannot be preserved so long.

Withdrew.

Dr. Edward Gray, Physician, and Under Libra-, rian to the British Museum in the Department of Natural History.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ?

I have, lately.

What is its present State of Preservation ?

It appeared to me to be in a good State of Preservation.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value ?

Of Comparative Anatomy I know of none.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to Natural History and general Science?

As illustrating the Natural Economy, I consider it of great Importance, particularly, to that Branch of Natural History which comprehends the internal Structure of Animals.

What is the Value of the Collection ?

1 know of no Means by which I can estimate the pecuniary Value of a Collection of that Sort.

How long do you think such a Collection of Natural History can be preserved ?

Some Parts must be more perishable than others — that Part in Spirits may, with Care, be preserved a great Number of Years — of the dried Anatomical Preparations I am not a competent Judge.

Would it not be desirable for the Students of Medicine in London to have Access to such a Collection ?

I believe they might visit it with great Advantage, inasmuch as Comparative Anatomy serves to illustrate and explain many obscure Parts of Human Anatomy.

Withdrew.

16° Martii.

How long do you think such a Collection of Natural History can be preserved ?

Respecting the Collection in Spirits, which is the most valuable Part, provided it is supplied with fresh Spirit when wanted, I know of no End to its Duration.

Withdrew.

Dr. George Shaw, Doctor of Physic, and Librarian to the British Museum in the Department of Natural History.

Have you seen the late Mr. Hunter's Collection ? I have, very lately.

What

96 Geo. III. 16° Martii. 517

What is its present State of Preservation ?

It appears to be in very good Preservation.

Do you know of any Anatomical Collection, in this or any other Country, of the same Extent or Value ?

I do not.

Of what Importance do you consider such a Collection to Natural History and general Science?

As of great Importance to Natural History and the Science of Anatomy.

What is the Value of the Collection ?

I can't answer that.

How long do you think such a Collection of Natural History can be preserved ?

It is a Question extremely difficult to answer with Precision — the Subjects in Spirits may be preserved, by the Renewal of Spirits, to any Length of Time; the dried Preparations are at present in very good State, and may be preserved for a great Number of Years.

Withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 16. To leave out from the Second "Act" to " then," in 1.19.

Pr. 6. 1.14. After " and" to insert " Extension " and."

1. 27. After " of" to insert the said recited Act and."

Pr. 7. 1. 1. To leave out " Path" and insert " Paths" instead thereof.

1. 2. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " below," in 1. 3.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr to and through

a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Egeiton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Agreement for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into Bill, read. by William Egerton, Esquire, for the Sale of the Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and Interest, advanced upon an Assignment of the Chester Canal Navigation, with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security for the same, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the Will of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Henshall's Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham do make the Report Smithy, &c. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging Roads Bill, the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in reported' the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Smithy, upon

Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near

wich, in the said County of Chester, was committed.

Mr. Wilbraham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, Hibaldstowe to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other reported‘ Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Hibaldstowe, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Nelson, of Broughton, in the County of Lincoln, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for lighting and watching the Streets, Wakefield and other public Passages and Places, within and near lighting, to the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth

the Glamor- Year of His present Majesty, for making and main-8?"^? taining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to

c and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town

Vo l. 51.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee, to Covent Gar-whom the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of den Church Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry ' p

6 Q Rooms

518 16° M. j4. 1796.

Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing ond re-instating the Iron Rails inclosing the Site of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'etition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Candle-'amllewick wick, in the City of London, whose Names are there-\ndonSanSt un*° subscribed, was presented to the House, and )ocks,&c. read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet

Jill. Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater

Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from to the said

Docks in trapping; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill shall be passed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges enjoyed by the Citizens of London, from Time immemorial, will be invaded and sacrificed, a great Number of Individuals deprived of the Means of Subsistence for themselves and their numerous Families, and the Value of Estates and Property in the said City much depreciated and lessened: And, that as the Corporation of London (the ancient and natural Guardians and Protectors of the Port of London) are not only willing, but desirous of making all necessary Alterations and Improvements in the Port for the Accommodation of the increased Trade, and the Security of Shipping, and which the Petitioners understand may be effected without those baneful and destructive Consequences to the Citizens of London, and subjecting the Trade of the said Port to be loaded with an unnecessary and perpetual Burthen, for the private Emolument of Individuals, therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town Southwark, anc| Borough of Southwark, was also presented to the against D" House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same is founded on a System of Monopoly in its Principle, and, if carried into Effect, would be wholly subversive of their Rights and Privileges as enjoyed for Centuries past, and destructive of the most essential Interests of themselves and their Families: That the Petitioners, from their local Situation occupying a considerable Extent of the River Side, and being individually and collectively interested in the Property of the Trade of the Port of London (which furnishes Employment and Subsistence for Thousands of the industrious Poor in their respective Parishes) assure the House that they shall be at all Times ready, in Conjunction with the City of London, who are equally, interested with them, to afford such Accommodation to the Trade of the Port in general, and to effect such Improvements and Alterations, as may best answer those Ends, and prevent the Evils which must necessarily emue if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that, relying on the Protection and Justice of the House, the Petitioners trust that the present unprecedented Attempt to monopolize, and divert from its ancient Channel, the Commerce and Trade of the Port of London, appears fraught with such Mischiefs, and big with such Evils, as will induce the House, upon a mature and full Discussion of its Merits, to guard the ancient Rights, and listen to the indisputable Claims, of Thousands, io Preference to, and when, put in Competition with, the speculative Interests of a few Individuals: And therefore praying, That

they may be ,heard, by themselves, or Counsel, at tfhe Bar of the House, if needful.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Masters Petition in of Ships belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in Behalf of themsdves and others interested in Shipping, was DocksVc. likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Bill.

Notice of the said Bill: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to . lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Second-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the aaid Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Little Barton the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year Lands, Inclosure Common Fields, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, B,u»Passed* within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Norton In-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste closure Bill, Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in passed‘ the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumerdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, Report on upon the 8th Day of this Instant March, was made Topsham from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe, near the Town fortj, er ' of Lops ham, in the County of Devon, to the River considered. Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by die House, to the BUI.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion

3

; uj

: G

tb

of

tb

ti

fu

oi

4

iy

E

4

4

d

rr

si

ir

.1

; C

« ti

h

(i.

36 Geo. III. 16* >Martii. 519

Report on A Motion being made, 'That the Report, Which, upon Pixile and the 8 th Day of this Instant March, was made from the CanalBiil Committee, to whom thfe Bill 'for making a Navigable further con- Candl from the Navigable Channel, in the Harbour of sniered. Poole, in the County of to communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal a't in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Branches from the intended Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies Of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Saturday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords

Amendments to Grand-borough Inclosure Bill agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 25. Leave out from " is " to " Tythes," in 1. 27, and insert " entitled to " certain."

1. 28. Leave out from " Grandborough " to " and, " in Pr. 2. 1. 5.

Pr. 21. 1. 27. Leave out from " said" to " Commissioners," in 1. ult.

Pr. 22. 1. 14. Leave out from " aforesaid " to " and, " in 1. 16.

1. 17, and 18.

Leave out from " respectively " to " and, " in 1. 19.

Pr. 28. 1. 14. Leave out " present or any future." Pr. 31. I.26. Leave out from " Tythes" to " for," in 1. 28.

Pr. 32. 1. 4. Leave out from " Tythes" to " now," in 1. 5.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard d carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. 'Ryder presented to the House, according to American Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force Trade Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His present Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That 'the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from Indemnity the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported.

Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was 'committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferred-Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Ana the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to amend Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to

Act for Order, a Bill for amending an Act, made in this present

allowing rn m * 9 r

Bounties on Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing Wheat, &c. " Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation

presented. " into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, " Indian Cora, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, " or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any " Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on " the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home " ConsumptionAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 51.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunder signed, being a Quorum of the Commis- against Lon-6ioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, was presented " ^ck8' to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from Time immemorial, there have been various Sewers within the Tower Hamlets, and under the Jurisdiction of Commissioners, from Time to Time appointed for the Care of them, and there are particularly, in such Districts,

Three Sewers, one called The Man in the Moon and

Wapjnng Level Server, one other called The

Helds Sewer, and the other The Nightingale Lane, East

Smtkfield, Sewer, the former having its Current from the High Street in Whitechapel down Church Lane,

across Well Close Square and RatcliffHighway, thence

on

520 16° Martii. . 1796.

on the Back of Permington across Old and New

Gravel Lanes, to the Parish of and where it

discharges itself into the River Thames at

Wall', and that there are several other Collateral Branches of such Sewers, which discharge themselves by different Outlets into the River Thames, which Sewers carry a very great Body of Water from the City of London, the Parishes of John, and

Saint Paul, Shadwell;and that the Sewer, called The Spital Fields Sewer, hath its Current from Clubb Row, and several other Parts of Spital Fields, and runs through Part of the Parishes of Matthew, Bethnal Green, and Saint Dunstan, Stepney, and, after being conveyed by a Trunk under the new Cut from Bromley to Lime-house, enters the Hamlet of Poplar, and discharges itself by an Outlet at Limekiln Dock into the River Thames, and Such Sewer takes off a great Body of Water from the City of London and Saint without and from the several Parishes of Shoreditch, Christchurch, Saint John Hackney, Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, Saint Dunstan, Stepney, Whitechapel, Saint Leonard, Bromley, Bow, Poplar, and the Parish of Saint Ann at Limehouse; and that the Nightingale Lane Sewer has its Current from East Smithjkld down Nightingale Lane to its Discharge into the River Thames at the Hermitage Dock, with several Collateral Branches which carry off the Water from the Parishes of Saint Botolph Aldgate, Saint John, Wapping, and Saint Mary, Whitechapel, and by Means of such Sewers the Houses, Lands, and Premises of the several Parishes and Places above mentioned are fully and effectually drained, and, in case the same should be impeded or cut off, the Premises of such Inhabitants would be inundated, and it is greatly to be feared that, if such Waters were, by such Impediment, caused to stagnate, some pestilential Disease would be the Consequence; and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill, now depending in the House, for making a Canal from Blackmail, and Wet Docks in Wapping, and, 'if the same should pass into a Law, all those Sewers would be cut off, or stopped up, and the Inundation above mentioned must inevitably happen unless new Sewers are formed, which would be attended with a very enormous Expence, and be an intolerable Burthen on the Inhabitants within those Hamlets, and who contribute towards the Sewers Rate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a proper Provision may be made in the said Bill for forming new Sewers at the Expence of the Persons applying for the said Bill, and that the same may be directed to be done under the Direction and Inspection of the Petitioners, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

against the thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Cities Bill to pre- of j London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was Pewter Pots. Presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying of Pewter Pots, or other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be attended with manifest Detriment and Inconvenience to the several Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, who, from Time immemorial, have been accustomed to receive Malt Liquor, at their own Houses, in Vessels prepared and left at the Expence of the Publicans or Retailers of Malt Liquor:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 6th Day of next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ^Dj°" Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Bin deferred Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackroall to the said Docks in Wapping, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Four " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " upon Monday Three Weeks, the nth Day of April " next."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Three Weeks, the 11th Day of next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Committee into the best Mode of providing sufficient Accommoda- ?PP°mted to tion for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port Of London: Trade, &c.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman of the Port Lushington, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Chancellor of London* of the Exchequer, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Byng, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Manning, Mr. Long, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Crerve, Mr. Rose, Mr. Mr. Smith,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Baker, Mr. Sheridan, Sir George Jackson, Mr Plumer, Mr CalMr. Douglas,

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, the Lord Arden, Sir Philip Stephens, Mr. Pybus, Lord Hugh Seymour, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Thornton, the Earl of Mornington, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Smyth, Sir Watkin lezces, the Lord Hood, Sir James Sanderson, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Herts, Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Hants, Dorset, Demon, Cornwall, Somerset, Chester,

Lancaster, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland,

Durham, York, Norfolk, Suffolk, Northampton, Leicester,

Warwick, Rutland, Derby, Nottingham, and Lincoln, and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Knights for Shires; Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at

16° — 17° Martii.

36 Geo. III.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Joins, 17° die Anno 36° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Poole and A N ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Canal Widbrook from the Navigable Channel, in the Harbour

' of Poole, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennetand Avon Canal at Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Branches from the intended Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 118. 1. 1. After "said" to insert "Branch " of the said," and to leave out from " Canal" to " and, " in 1. 2.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Gain's Cross, in the Parish of Okeford, in

the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near Widbrook, in the County of Wilts, and also a certain Navigable Branch from the intended Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Adder- A Petition of Charles Adderley, Esquire, of

Hams, in the County of Warwick, Trustee to Robert (^closure Hotchkin, Esquire, a Lunatic, was presented to the and Drainage, House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is de-Ac. Bill. pending for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for other Purposes; and that the said Robert Hotchkin is Owner of an Estate situate in Wistow Fen, in the Parish of Wistow, in the County of Huntingdon, and the Petitioner finds there are divers Powers and Provisions contained in the said Bill which will be very injurious to the said Robert Hotchkin, and the future Owners of the said Estate, and their Tenants, and that it will be necessary, in order to their Security, to alter and amend the said Bill in several Respects: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, on Behalf of the said Robert Hotchkin, against such Parts of the said Bill as may injure the Property of the said Robert Hotchkin, and that such Amendments and Alterations may be made in the said Bill, for the Benefit and Protection of the said Estate, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year

Vol. 51.

521

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in die several " Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County " of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of " Ely, and County of Cambridgeand for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Henshall's of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year Smithy, &c. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall'sSmithy, upon Cranage Green, through

the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Alere, and BucklowHill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the Co.unty Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Cumwhitton the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, B^p^ed. both within, and Parcel of, the Barony of in

the County of Cumberland, and likewise a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called King Henry, in the said Parish of Cumwhitton, and Parcel of the said Barony, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Topsham and the River Exe,. near the Town of Topsham, in the Taunton Ca-County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of nal Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing pass and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making

6 R navigable

522 17° Martii. . 1796.

navigable a certain Part of the 9aid River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report ou A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon Canal* Bill 2d Day of this Instant March, was made from the

further consi- Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain-dered. ing a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of )

in the Parish of Kintorc, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 7th Day of this Instant March, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for recovering Lands, in case the Canal shall not be completed, or shall be disused.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

London small Mr. Alderman Lushington presented to the House, Debts, &c. according to Order, a Bill to amend, explain, and eJ ' Present' render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of small Debts, and for " the relieving of poor Debtors in London," and an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

have agreed JValkcr;

to Mr. Speaker,

Blunham and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Northill In- for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Com-closure Bill. mon Ffofos, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford, without any Amendment: And also,

Little Brick The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act hill Inclosure for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Amendment1 Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brick-hill, in the County of Bucks-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckbttrgh Evelyn Bill for reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for an- y,^v^dfand thorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick Braunston and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of Canal Act, a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and reported, altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented or dissented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers, Petition for and Inhabitants, of the Parish of S Martin Outwich, Leave to in the City of London, whose Names are thereunto sub- Pe*

scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Ie_bui)d or forth, That the Church of the said Parish, which repair the was built in the Thirteenth Century, hath, for a Series Church of of Years, occasioned to the Inhabitants of the Pa- Q^"^gbartin rish a continued Expence for Repairs, and is now become absolutely ruinous, and, from that Cause, Divine Service hath not been performed in it for upwards of Eighteen Months, and the said Church stands in a very conspicuous Situation in the City of London, being at the Corner of Bishopsgate Street and Thread-needle Street, occupying a prominent Part of those Streets, which are very public Avenues to the Centre of the Metropolis: That, the said Parish being very small, the Inhabitants found themselves unable to undertake the re-building of the said Church, as was advised to be done, a Repair being reported by Surveyors to be only temporary, though very expensive, and they therefore applied to the Patrons of the Living, the Company of Merchant Taylors of London, and to the South Sea Company, whose Flouse is situate in the said Parish, for Assistance, and that, in July 1795, the Churchwardens of the said Parish signified to the Parishioners, that the Merchant Taylors Company had agreed to contribute a Donation of 500l., and the South Sea Company a Donation of 200l., on the express Condition that the Church should be rebuilt, and set back so as to form a Curve to widen the Street in such Way as should be approved by a Surveyor to be named by them; and the Parishioners, assembled at that Vestry, appointed a Committee to consider of the best Mode of raising the Residue of the Money that would be wanted; and that, at Vestries held in September and December 1795, Plans and Estimates from different Surveyors were ordered to be procured, and, on the 13th Day of January 1796, a Surveyor's Report and Plan were laid before a Vestry, who thereupon directed that an Estimate of the Expence of the Edifice, agreeably to the Plan produced, should be made, and, on the 20th and 22d Days of January 1796, the Committee of Inhabitants, appointed to conduct the Business, met, but were unable to come to any Determination, because they were apprehensive that re-building the Church, with the consequent Expence? of an Act of Parliament, would occasion Rates too heavy for the Parish to bear, and they therefore proposed to try the Mode of doing it by a Subscription from the Parishioners of the Whole of the calculated Amount of each Person's Rates at One Payment, and, with Hopes of this Plan being adopted, they, on the 29th of January, approved the Surveyor's Plan for a new Building: That the Time between the 27th of

January

J

a

P

‘I

S

r<

ri

J

0

a

D

a

ti

fi

v

ti

3

0 (

1 ti tl

0 K it a

R

1 V 0 u tl a

P

a

n

C

(T

t(

F

i\

\ C

X,

tl

tl

n

ri

Hi

E

V

tii

B

tr

C

j

V

it

J

t

0

J

0

e

a

1

Leave given.

St. Martin's Outwich Church Petition.

36 Geo. Ill 17° Martii. 523

January and the 15th of February was employed in collecting the Opinion of the Parishioners as to the proposed Mode of a Subscription, on which Day it appeared to the Committee above-mentioned, that the Sense of the Parishioners was against that Method of raising the Money, that of course it could not be carried into Effect, and, as the only Means left, they gave Direction for an Application to Parliament, such Application to be sanctioned by a Vestry, which was called for the 19th of February, on which Day, without waiting for a regular Report, the Proceedings of the Committee were approved and confirmed, and the Petition to Parliament was immediately prepared; and that the said Committee were further induced to adopt the Plan of re-building the Church in the Manner above-mentioned, instead of repairing it, in consequence of having had Intimation that the Corporation of London would favourably receive a Petition from the Inhabitants for Assistance in rebuilding the Church in the Manner proposed, as tending to provide a great Accommodation to the Public, and a Petition was accordingly presented to the Court of Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, on the 18th of February last, and by that Court referred to the Committee of City Lands; that there are Hopes their Report will be in Favour of the Petition, but the Petitioners, not thinking prudent to defer any longer their Application to Parliament, finally determined, on the said 15 th of February, to present a Petition to the House, and gave the necessary Orders accordingly; and that, by Reason of the Time necessarily and unavoidably taken up as aforesaid, the Petitioners were prevented applying to the House before the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed, and, that the Petitioners are now without any Place of Public Worship, and so must remain until Parliament shall interfere for their Relief: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill to re-build, or partly to repair and partly to re-build, the said Church, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as dasired by the said Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Martin Outwich.

Then a Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Martin Outwich, in the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish, which was built in the Thirteenth Century, has, for a Series of Years, occasioned to the Inhabitants of the Parish a continued Expence for Repairs, and is now become absolutely ruinous, and, from that Cause, Divine Service has not been performed in it for upwards of Eighteen Months past; and that the Petitioners have caused various Surveys to be made by Builders of Eminence, who have reported the Church to be in a very dangerous State, and declared their Opinion of the Necessity of a general Repair, which would be but temporary, or, of its being partly taken dowrn and re-built: That the said Church stands in a very conspicuous Situation in the City of London, being the Corner of Bishopsgate Street and Threadncedle Street, occupying a prominent Part of those Streets, both of which are very public Avenues to the Heart of the Metropolis, and that the Petitioners are induced, by the Offer of certain Donations, to re-build, or partly repair and partly re-build, the said Church, in such Way as shall accord with the Public Convenience, but the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to rebuild, or partly to repair and partly to re-build, the Vo L. 51.

said Church, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Lushington, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Morton, Wal-whom the Petition of the Right honourable George kerith, &c; Augusta Earl of Scarbrough, and the humble Petition drainage iv of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto tition, report-subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Free- ed. holders, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

Wastes, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkcrith East Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of GainsbUrgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the'

County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied Vith; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Barnard being examined, said, That there are within the said Township and Parishes a certain open and uninclosed Common Pasture, and certain open Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Wastes and Grounds, which in their present State are incapable of much Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the same were effectually drained, divided, inclosed, allotted, and embanked.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Ings,

Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkcrith, East Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton,

Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln:

And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Junior, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for grant-

Monday last, for taking into further Consideration, in? Duties on Tomorrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing Estates, decertain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal ferred. Estates, and for granting Other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed Committee to enquire into the best Mode of providing sufficient [hePTrade Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping &c. of the of the Port of London, have Pow'er to report the Evi- Port of Lon-dence, as it shall appear to them, together with their don-Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been Petitions represented to this House, against the Bill for making ferred-Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping,

Commerce,

524 17° — 18° Martii. A. 1796.

Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in TVappand also, the several Petitions which have been presented in Favour of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Bill for re- Mr. Christian Curwen presented to the House, ac-tain'sfatutes core*'ng to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Statutes relating to relating to the Game, and for the better Preservation

the Game; thereof, and also for extending the Privilege of killing

&c. pre- Game to the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and for aented. prohibiting all Persons from starting, hunting, or killing Game upon the Lands or Grounds of any other Person, after Notice, by Parol, or in Writing, to abstain therefrom, given by the Occupier for the Time being of such Land or Ground, or any Person duly authorized on Behalf of such Occupier: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday, the 18th Day of next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill for better Sir Francis Basset presented to the House, according Mnk at re- of to ^rt^er> a Bill for the better Regulation of Mills; sented. ' -And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Account of Corn and Flour imported in February, presented.

Bill for making Scarborough (in Tobago) a free Port, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Corn and Flour imported into this Kingdom, in the Month of February last, entitled to receive a Bounty on Importation, specifying the Ports in which the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Importers who claim the Bounty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Rock Salt Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to indemnity, Order, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have wented*1'^ ^een concerned in advising, or carrying into Execu* e e ‘ tion, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting

the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in - consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Act forallow- Reading of the Bill, for amending an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act committed.*5' for lowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the " Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat

" Flour, Indian Com, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British

Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any " Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on " the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home " Consumption," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerist 18° die Martii;

Anno 36® Georgii II1"‘ Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

*DESOLVEDy That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrets, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given

American Trade Bill, committed.

Committee on Leicestershire Petition for a Tax on Dogs, deferred.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Garrels' Nat. Bill, committed.

Sherington Inclosure Bill, reported.

36 Geo. III. 1 &° Atartii.

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Twyford In- Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom l^e for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open rep0 ' Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Acre of Land, who could not be met with, and another of about g Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are about 900 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shadwell's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Divorce Bill, dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot

commi . j?SqUire> Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fort- night, the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Northam Mr. Rose, Junior, presented to the House, according Bndge, &c. to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River tented!* Itchinat or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from A Petition of the Court of Assistants of the Ho-the Artillery nourable Artillery Company, on Behalf of themselves Company - Vo L. 51.

and the rest of the Members of the said Artillery against the Company, was presented to the House, and read; Bill for reduc-Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and reducing ^j^the Lon-into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed don'Militia"" in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Acts.

Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Powers and Provisions, which, if carried into a Law, would be highly prejudicial to the said Artillery Company, and the Members thereof: And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Artillery Company, praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them and the Interests of the said Company, and that such sufficient Provision may be made in the said Bill, for protecting their Rights, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Hibaldstowo Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, &nd other Inclosure Bill, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lord- P388^* ship of Hibaldstowe, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Hibaldstowe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, J unior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member add-men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, ed to bring in pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, and others, Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields,

Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Weston In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open c'03ure Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and presented‘ Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in- -Amendment tituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allot- Brickbill In-ting, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- closure Bill, dows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste agreed to Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brickhill, in the County of Bucks.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 28. Leave out from "appoint" to " And " in 1. 32.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

6 S Ordered,

326

18° Martii.

A. 179(5.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment , made by their Lordships.

Ellough, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen

'Vo^gharn, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Cove inclo- Pushes of Ellough, IViorlingham Saint Mary, otherwise

sure Bill, Great Worlingham, WorSaint Peter, otherwise committed. Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir Charles Bunbury, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Folkestone An ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, and cleans-

" jesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a " certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and " thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and " to the South End of Navto Bridge, and from the " said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Navton, by " Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual " Provision for repairing and widening the said " Roads, except from the said Guide Post near " bourne Dale to WinwickAnd that Mr. Thomas Statdcy and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Paving, &c. ing; the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of

jm, passed. „ r ;l„_. , Prtiinfir

Folkestone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of Folkestone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bolton in the Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, R^k'l^ti w^om the Petition of the several Persons whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of tion, repoited. t»i i r . c*

the Turnpike rvoads thcrctifter mentioned, and also Mortgagees of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Second " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain " Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence " to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the " South End of Navton Bridge, and from the said " Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr " Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual

" Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, " except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne " Dale to Winwick,"was read: And,

Mr. James Taylor being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected, the greatest Part of which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued, certain Exemptions from Tolls in the same taken away, and some of the Tolls altered and increased, and the Act in other Respects amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

The House was moved, That the Order made Bill for re-Yesterday, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday piling cer-the 18th Day of April next, the Bill for repealing cer- rektfn^to*8 tain Statutes relating to the Game, and for the better the Game; Preservation thereof, and also for extending the Pri- &c. deferred, vilege of killing Game to the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and for prohibiting all Persons from starting, hunting, or killing Game upon the Lands or Grounds, of any other Person, after Notice, by Parol, or in Writing, to abstain therefrom, given by the Occupier for the Time being of such Land or Ground, or any Person duly authorized on Behalf of such Occupier, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday, the 2 2d Day of April next.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Convey- Bill for Con-ance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and vervance printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain, be P"ntedVots> read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, accord- Tattershall, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the &c. Inclosure Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in seated, the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe and Kirkbysuper Banc, in the County of

coln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House General Into resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, closure re-upon the Bill for facilitating the Division and In- Mtransn«it-closure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agree- ted to a Select ment among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Committee. Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement.

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill for more further Consideration the Report from the Committee ®ftectua.1 of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more Electfon Acta effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, deferred, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The

36 Geo*. III.

18° Martn.

527

Supply de- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Means deferred.

rough (in Tobago) a free Pori, committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for mak- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scarbo- Reading of the Bill for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Rock Salt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ic^BilL^' Rea<J'ng of the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who committed, have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

till for bet- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

ter Regula- Reading of the Bill for the better Regulation of Mills, lion of Mills, . j °

committed n0W reac‘-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

wCtAuntie* to res0^ve hself into a Committee of the whole House, orfWheat upon the Bill for amending an Act, made in this pre-kc. deferred, sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat " Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British " Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of " any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, " or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse " for Home Consumption," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report respecting the

Sale of Com by Weight.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Vo l. 51.

Time, withi thehr Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had further considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the buying and selling of Com by Weight, or by Measure regulated by Weight, is more certain, and less liable to Deception, than by Measure alone.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, notwithstanding the Bushel, commonly called " The Winchester Bushel," is the only Measure of that Description authorized by Law, there are various customary Measures used in different Parts of this Kingdom, to the great Inconvenience of the Buyers and Sellers of Com.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Adoption of Weight, or Measure regulated by Weight, in the Sale of Corn, instead of Measure alone, will tend to remedy these Inconveniences, and to equalize all Descriptions of the Quantities of Com bought or sold in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standard of Weight ought to be the Avoirdupois Pound, One Hundred and Twelve of which Pounds shall be considered as the Hundred Weight, and Twenty Hundred Weight One Ton, standing Weight, with an even Beam or Balance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the following Weights, Avoirdupois, of the respective Sorts of Grain, shall be deemed equal to a Standard Winchester Bushel; viz. Wheat 6o lb. — Rye 561b. — Barley 5olb. — Beer or Bigg 44lb. — Oats 40-lb. — Beans 60 lb. — Pease 6olb.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Dealings in Com, ought to be taken and adjudged to be according to the Standards aforesaid; and that no Person should recover the Price of Com sold, or the Corn itself, or any Damages on Account of any Contracts, Bargains, Sales, or Dealings, but according to the Weight of the Avoirdupois Poutid, or of Measure regulated by that Weight; and that all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, or Dealings, made otherwise, should be void.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the giving and receiving, as an Allowance or Addition to the Weight, a Quantity of Corn above what is really and bond side agreed for, by which a higher Price is paid to the Seller than the nominal Weight or Quantity is worth, tends to raise the Return of the Average Price of Com, and is thereby injurious to the Consumers of Bread.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person, demanding or taking any Addition or Allowance of Com to the Pound, Hundred, or Ton, or other Weight, or to the respective Weights of the Bushel, as before-mentioned, should be made liable to a Penalty.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, by several ancient Acts, it is directed that Market Towns should have a common Balance, and Standard Weights and Measures; and that by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Use of defective Weights, and false and unequal Balances, has been prohibited; and the Justices are empowered to purchase Standard Weights out of the County Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Chief Magistrate of every City or Market Town, or the Justices in their Sessions, should be directed and required to cause to be erected, in a convenient Place within the Corn Market of such City or Market Town, or in other Places where Corn is

sold,

528 ' 18° — 21°

sold, sufficient Beams or Balances, with proper Scales thereunto affixed, with a competent Set of Iron Weights; and that the Expence thereof shall be paid for out of the County Rate, as is directed by the Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, unless the City or Town does not contribute to the Rate of the County in which it is situated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, where Weights are provided for the above Purposes, they shall be made of Cast Iron, with the Contents thereof marked on each particular Weight; and that Four Weights of 561b. each, and One of each of the Weights of 281b. 141b. 7lb. 4lb. 2lb. and 1 lb. Avoirdupois, by compounding of which a Sack of Corn, or any smaller Quantity, can be weighed, shall be considered as competent.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

BUI for set- Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom ting out the Bill for setting out Lands 'in Lieu of, and Com-BaUiwicko* pensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the ClitTe, re- Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds, in the ported. Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 750 Acres of Land claiming Right of Common, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose; and also, except the Proprietor of about 200 Acres, who said he had no Objection to the Inclosure, but, at the Request of his Tenant, declined signing the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of about 50 Acres, who could not be met with; and also, except the Owners of 16 Cottage Rights, who refused their Consent, and the Owners of about 5 such Rights who could not be met with; and that the whole Amount of the Property interested in the Rights of Common is about 17,500 Acres, and the Number of Cottage Rights 200 and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the . Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for a A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to George

ira"t of Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee

Finch Hat-Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, re-ton, com- maining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of mitted. Bemfield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 5 th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Martii. A. 1796.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition re-Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was presented to the House, r,na| and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and (between amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Ruabon Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Clweter-)

" making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of " Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool,

" in the County of Chester, and also for making and " maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said " intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, under the Faith of several Acts of Parliament, expended very large Sums of Money in improving the Navigation of the said River Dee, and in recovering and embanking large Tracts of Land near or adjoining thereto, and they are advised, that, unless proper Clauses are inserted in the said Bill, their Navigation may be injured, and the Tolls and Duties, payable to them in respect thereof, considerably lessened, and the Safety and Security of their Lands very much endangered: And therefore praying, That proper Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill effectually to preserve and secure the Navigation of the said River Dee, and the Petitioners Tolls and Duties payable in respect thereof, and the Lands and other Property of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,21° die Martii;

Anno 36° Georgii III*" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Petition

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners against Bar-or Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Barring- n1"^ongyj-ton, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the c osure House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, the same will be very injurious to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners Rights and Interests, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to (he House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered.l.

36 Geo. III.

QVMartii.

529

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

King's Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is ieni to Bill concerned in the Bill for setting out Lands in lieu of, LandaU^the* anc* Compensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon Bailiwick of the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds in the Cliffe. Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise in the Forest of

Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights, which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been Committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

TiJney and Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

SJCTf Orc*er> a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the presented. Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes ' oiTtlney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Barrett's Ex- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

committed1, ^0r eftectuat'ng an Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Harrison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ganels'sNat. Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Bill, reported, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An sod passed. Art for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrets, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Bill for Com- -An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Commissioners

pieting the for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year

Purpose* of of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Maidstone e °. r . J , .

Paving, &c. Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving,

Act, parsed. " cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for " removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better " supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing " the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone," to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, " improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, " the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and

VOL. 51.

" Places, within the King's Town of , in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with " Water, and for repairing the Highways within the " Parish of Maidstone," to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the Open Ufford Inclo-Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath G rounds, ,ure Bill, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of committed‘ Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickins,

Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for setting out Lands in lieu of, Bill for and Compensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds Bailiwick of in the Bailiwick of Clive otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest Cliffe, passed, of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for setting out Lands in lieu of, and Compensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Bill to amend the Bill for altering, varying, and amending, an Act, the Old Mal-passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of ton Inclosure His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, ed^and^re-" and improving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Com- committed, mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of OldMalton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given thfcir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 7 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property Affected by the Bill is 496 Acres of Land, and 159 Common Rights; and that ho Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; -and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Robert Williams Vaughan reported from the Bala and Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and en- Ddgelley, larging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Road , Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for l>rePor repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgellcy, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh, was committed;

6 T That

Walcott Inclosure Bill, reported.

Fam worth and Kersley Inclosure Bill, presented.

Cartmel Inclosure Bill, reported.

l

1

530

21° Martii. A. 1796.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places of in the

Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors or Lordships of Farnworth and Kersley, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in Right thereof entitled to Right of Common in and upon all the Commons and Waste Grounds there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 32/. 3 s. 10 id.per Annum, who dissented to

the Bill; and also except the Proprietors assessed at 1 /. lu. 7 d.per Annum, who could not be met with, one of them being in the East Indies; and also except the Proprietors assessed at 12 s. $£d. who were written to, hut returned no Answer; and also except the Proprietors assessed at &l. 13s. gd. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in tbs Inclosure is assessed at 150L 6s. 2,d.per Annum}; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend meats thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

t

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-t tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Barwfek in Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Elmet In-Parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the County of was clo8ure BiB» read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed Committee to inquire into the best Mode of providing sufficient [heTrade Accommodation for the increased Trade and Ship- &c. of the' ping of the Port of London, have Power to report Port ofLon-their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the don*

House.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Indemnity omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Eill, parsed, ments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualification, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobarty do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for more Friday last, for taking into further Consideration To- effectual morrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of E*^<mActs the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effec- deferred, tual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, might be read.

And

| ComrittM i on Bill far i better R«gu*

[ htion of Mills.

reported.

Committee on American Trade BiiL

Committee on Bill for making Scarborough (in Tobago) a free Port.

36 Geo. III. 21° Martii. fiSl

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 5th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of Mills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Basset took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Frauds Basset reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Francis Basset accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Fortnight, the 7th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Port of , in

the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 51.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Robert Dundas presented to the House, accord- Bill to amend ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the SrotehGame Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, gented!*" intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation " of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', and for repealing and amending several " of the Laws now in being relative thereto: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council for continuing the Prohibition on the Exportation of Rock Salt for four Weeks, to commence from the 18th Day of this Instant March; dated 16th March 1796.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Order in Council for continuing the Prohibition on Exportation of Rock Salt, presented.

At the Court at Saint James's, the 16th March

»796;

PRESENT,

The KING's Most Excellent Majesty in Council:

Whereas the Time limited by His Majesty s Order in Council of the Twelfth Day of February last, for prohibiting the exporting out of this Kingdom any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, will expire upon the 18th Day of this Instant March; and whereas it is adjudged expedient for His Majesty's Service, that the said Prohibition should be continued for some Time longer; His Majesty therefore, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, hath thought fit to order, and it is hereby ordered, That no Person or Persons whatsoever do, at any Time during the Space of Four Weeks, to commence from the said 18th Day of this Instant March, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, except as excepted in His Majesty's former Order in Council of the 12th of August 1795, and > subject to the Conditions therein expressed; and the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, are to give the necessary Directions herein, as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed) Sleph. Cottrell.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Honse Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Rock Salt upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have bJIl^ been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of

Rock

1

The Lords have agreed to

Expiring Laws Bill.

Militia Pay Bill.

Old Stratford and Dunchurch Road Bill.

Macclesfield

Inclosure Bill.

Thornton, Farmanby, dec. Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

532 21° Martii.A. 1796

Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America', to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of In-.section thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the Importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America; to the encouraging

the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to th Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Law's of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Nort/iampton, to Hunchurch, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of,

Farmanby Ellerburn, and King within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a

Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates in the County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Leslie the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their ow n Rights, and to Samuel Pipe Wolferstan, Esquire, and John Moore,

Clerk, as Trustees under the Wills of Alicea Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel, Spinsters, both deceased, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it he an Instruction to the Select Committee, to whom the Bill for facilitating the Division and Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement, is committed, that they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit:

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the nth Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Intelligence as has been received by any of His Majesty's Ministers relating to the Mode of carrying on the War against the Maroons in Jamaica.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament intituled, "An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, " on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, " Wheat Flour, Indian Com, Indian Meal, or Rye, " in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of " Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with " His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of " Warehouse for Home Consumption.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Lord* have passed

Madden's and Leslie's &c. Estate Bill

Motion to turn the General Inclosure Bill into Two Bills.

Neg.

Bill for reducing into One Act, the London Militia Acts, deferred.

Motion for Intelligence respecting the Maroons, withdrawn.

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, Ac. deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Bill to amend Act for allowing Bounties on Wheat, &c. deferred.

36 Geo. III.

22° Martii.

Martis, 22* die Martii

Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 179G. Prayers.

T*nPle QIR William Young reported from the Committee, to A E Bmiges whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Marriage An Act to enable the Right honourable Richard Settlement villeNugent Temple, commonly called Earl , and

Bl!'rep^!ed' the Right honourable Anna Eliza Spinster,

*n Pussed- commonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allega-gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Bill for pre- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom venting the Bill for further continuing and amending the several Admeasure-6 ^cts Passe(i for preventing the Frauds and Abuses commentofCoals knitted in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City reported. ' and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Maiy-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, as lies in the County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and- that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's TableWhere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Re-commit- Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom ted J® the Bill for altering, varying, and amending, an Act, OM Mai ton Passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Inclosure present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and Act, reported, improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreeed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Egerton'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Agreement for carrying jnt0 Execution an Agreement entered into mitted°m by William Egerton, Esquire, for the Sale of the Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and Interest, advanced upon an Assignment of the Chester Canal Navigation, Vol. 51.

with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security for the same, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the Will of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. braham, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at Northam' or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and ^r‘d6e> &cv County of the Town of Southampton, and1 for making Jnitted°m" a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amyatt,

Mr. Rose, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Augustus William Sh Evelyn re- Bill to regu-ported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regu- )ate the mak> late the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to of >letal*' prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived Buttons,6 d in the real Quality of such Buttons, was committed; reported. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of j

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the *

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made seve- j

ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the t

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the j

House. |

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be j

ingrossed. j

Mr. Pierrcpont reported from the Committee, to Additional

whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are Petition to thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and jtockk.ert°tn' others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neigh- Roads"' bourhood of the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was Bill, reported referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative' to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not having been determined by the Trustees, or the Gentlemen in the Neighbourhood, to make this Application till after the Time limited for giving the Notices was elapsed; and it appeared to the Committee, that the Road, intended to be repaired, is only between Two and Three Miles in Length, that it is an old Highway, and would be of Public Advantage if made a Turnpike Road — that the Accommodation to the Public would be greatly promoted by making a Communication practicable, in all Seasons of the Year, between the Market Town of Southwell and Kirkling-

ton, and its Neighbourhood, and would be between Two and Three Miles out of Five nearer — that it is not intended to erect any Turnpike thereon, for the Purpose of taking Toll upon the Line of the said Highway, nor where it branches off to any other Highway, but merely to erect a Catch Bar, or Bars, to prevent the Evasion of the Toll Gate now erected at Kirklington by Persons leaving or going into the present Turnpike Road, and passing through private Grounds into and from the Road now- proposed to be repaired, to which Evasion there will be it further Inducement by the Road being made good; and it further appeared to the Committee, that it is not intended to cut through any private Grounds, but merely

6 U to

nla and >olgelley, :c. Roads ill, passed.

attershall, c. Inclosure id Drainage ill, com-itted.

ondon Small ebts, &c. ill, com-tilted.

534 22 Martii. A. 1796.

to widen and amend the present Highway, where it may be necessary, and that the Owners of the Lands adjacent are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tab\e iWhere the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Couso being examined, said, That the Road branching out of the Road at or near the Toll Gate in the Village of Kirklington, and passing across lington Moor to Streetgate Road, and communicating with the present Turnpike Road leading from Newark to Southwell, at a Place called The Great Bridge, all in the County of Nottingham, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended and improved by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Williams Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering " of Small Debts, and for the relieving of poor Debtors " in London,"and an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Se-

cond, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushing ton, the Lord Mayor of London, jStc.: And they are to meet this Afternoou, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the committing of Frauds and Abuses in the weighing, packing, and selling of Butter: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West " End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of " A nipt hill, and from the said Town of to

" Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford, and also " the Road branching out of the same in Kempston " Field to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to " the said Town of Bedfordand also of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Bedford; and also, the Petition of Francis Duke' of Bedford, were severally referred.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, which they had directed to be reported to the House; ajid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Jeremy Fish Palmer, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act.

And he further said, That it would be of Public Benefit, if the Course of the said Turnpike Road was discontinued from the South End of Town,

through Parts of the Parishes of Ridgemont and Crawley, to the Entrance into Woburn Pai'k, at a Place called The Red Lodges, and to lead from the said South End of Ridgemont Town, through some old Inclosures, Commons, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Ridgemont, Husborn Crawley, and Woburn, to the North End of the said Tow n of Woburn.

And the Witness added, That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed thereon cannot be repaid, or the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the said Term be enlarged, and further Powers granted; and that it will be necessary to increase the Tolls.

In support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, John Gotobed, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Petitioner, the said Duke, hath agreed to give up certain Parcels of ancient inclosed Land in the Parishes of Woburn, Husborn Crawley, and Ridgemont, necessary for widening and rendering commodious the intended new Road, the same being of greater Value than such Part of the ancient Turnpike Road which is intended to be discontinued; and the Petitioner has also agreed to subscribe the Sum of 712/. 1 os. for the Purpose of making the Alteration between Ridgemont and Woburn, but is willing, instead of lending the said Sum, to defray the Expence of the said Alteration, if Provision is made in the Bill, for shutting up and discontinuing the said Road from Ridgagumt aforesaid to the Red Lodges, and for vesting the same in the said Duke, and also for discontinuing so much of the said Highway in Woburn Park as

leads

Bill to prevent Frauds in weighing, &c. of Butter* presented.

Bedford and Ampthill, &c. Roads Petitions,

reported.

§6 Gep. III. 22° MartiL 535

leads from the said Entrance at the Red Lodges to where it joins the public Highway leading from Woburn

to Eversholt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Eill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, " at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to *' the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of " Arypthill to Ifoburn Park, in the County of Bedford, " and also the Road branching out of the same in " Kempston Field to the Turnpike Road leading from " Hitchin to the said Town of ,"except so

far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont Town to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husborn Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lmdstothe upon ^he Dill to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of West- Earl of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee morland. Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay Farmes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Report Ordered, That the Report, which was made from

referred. the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Earl of Westmorland was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him

to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Lands to the Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, Earl of all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining Exeter, in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Westhay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from Report the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Earl refel'reil-of Exeter was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mf. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimates suant to their Address to His Majesty, presented.

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Out-Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1796. Pensioners.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea In-Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Pensioners. Hospital, for the Year 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1796: Pensions< And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of Scotch Roads the Military Roads and Bridges in North , for and Bridges,

the Year 179b.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

Vol. 51.

ESTIMATE

536

22° Martii. A. 1796.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1796.

16,104 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796, deducting for Pensions unclaimed 4,868/. n$. 3 400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

16,535

£. d.

117,924 8 9

7,320 ——

425 9 6

125,669 18 3

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners - 1,130 ——

To Agent's Clerks - 403 14 —

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum - - - 1,000 ——

For the Rent of a House for the Examination of Out-Pensioners ----- ---- - 200 ——

2,733 14 —

From which deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions - 1,200 ——

Deduct already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1796

In all to be made good

1,533 14 — 127,203 12 3 7,005 16 10 120,197 15 5

War Office, 22d March 1796.

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1796.

Pay, per Annum, of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers

Clothing for Ditto - -

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers -

Board Wages and Table for Ditto - - - - .

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -Tradesmen - - - - -

Provisions -

Contingencies and Extraordinaries -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1796 -

Also a Legacy bequeathed to the Hospital by the late Earl of Pembroke -

In all to be made good

£. s. d. 1,266 2 4

992 19 5

3,896 9 — 483 18 —

2,970 ——

1,900 ——

3,800 ——

9,300 ——

4,100 ——

2,800 ——

28,709 8

50 ——

2,850 — 25,859 8

9

9

War Office,

2 2d March 1796.

W. Windham.

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, &c. by the Port, committed.

36 Geo. III. 22° Mar tit. 537

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the

Year 1796.

Widow*

Pensions.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husband*. Rata of Pensions. CHARGE.

43 Widows of Colonels -27 - - - - Lieutenant Colonels - - -23 - - - - Majors - -- -- -172 - - - - Captains - - 174 - - - - Lieutenants ----- -- *154 - - - - Ensigns, &c. - 1 Physician's Widow - -- -- - £. s. d. 50 40 30 26 20 16 £. s. d. 2,150 1,080 690 4,472 3,480 2,464 30

594 14,366

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated Salary of the Deputy Master, per Annum - - - „ 718 6 — 100 1 I <0 00 00

Total - - 15,184 6 —

From which deduct the following Sums already provided; On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons - On Ditto for the Marine Corps ----- -- 2,860 5 6 i,39° 3 9 4,250 9 $

Remains to be provided - - £. io,933 16 9

War Office,

22d March 1796. W. Windham.

In the 154 Widows above mentioned, are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains,. Adjutants, Quarter Masters, and Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in Scotch Roads

North Britain, for the Year 1796. and Bridges.

For the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, upon 1 t. d.

Account - - - -' - - -1 4,500 — —

War Office,

2 2d March 1796. W. Windham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vo L. 51.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- N ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Weston In-Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, arid Waste clo8or® ®j|*» ! Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County comBUt of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

6X Sir

538

22° Martii. . A. 1796.

Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

American Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Trade Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported. continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants, of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him, to report to the House; acd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rock Salt In- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the dcmnity, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, reported. in(]emnjfying aJi Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had . made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houseand lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the . Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

making Scar- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

borough (in Tobago) a free Port, reported.

'eution from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Farmers, he Berkshire Members of the Berkshire Agricultural Society, was Agricultural presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, avour^ofa That the Petitioners, being fully convinced of the 3eneral In- highly beneficial Effects which would arise from the losure Bill. Inclosure of the Common Fields, and Cultivation of t the Waste Lands of this Kingdom, by preventing the

- Necessity of a precarious Depeiidance on foreign Countries for a Supply of the most necessary Article , of Life, and being sensible that the Expence and Dif-

ficulty of obtaining separate Bills are frequent and considerable Obstacles to such Inclosure and Cultiva-

tion, have- observed, with the greatest Satisfaction, the laudable Zeal and Attention of the Board of Agri-i culture to every Plan of public Improvement, and in

| particular that above mentioned, as expressed in their I

Resolutions of the 25th of November 1795, do therefore request the House to enact some general Law, containing such Provisions as the House shall think expedient, whereby the Inclosure of the Common Fields, and the Cultivation of Waste Lands, may be rendered more practicable, and less expensive, than at present.

A Petition of certain Gentlemen, Clergy, and In- Petition from habitants of the County of Cumberland, called together Cumberland by public Advertisement, at Carlisle, in the said County, GeneraHn- by James Graham, Esquire, High Sheriff thereof, the closure Bill.

3d Day of March 1796, in pursuance of a Requisition made to him for that Purpose, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being clearly of Opinion that cultivating the Commons in this Kingdom would be of public Utility, earnestly solicit the Attention of Parliament to this grand National Object of facilitating the Division and Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Petition from Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Whitchurch, Goring, GohrinhU&ch> Mapleuurham, South Stoke, and Ip in the County favour of Oxford, was likewise presented to the House, and of D°. read; Containing the same Allegations and Request as the first-mentioned Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ^Thornton An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Farmanby, Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton, &c. Inclosure Farmanby, Ellerbum, and Kingthorp, within the Parishes Bill> a6reed

of Thornton, Ellerbum, and Pickering, in the North to.

Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 77. 1. 24. After " being " insert other than " and except of or concerning " the Farm called High Dolby,

" and the Lands let therewith,

M now in the Occupation of " Joseph Herbert and William " Herbert."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of Account of the Quantities of Corn exported from Great ^om exPort-Britain in the Years 1776 and 1777, and also in the ed>ordered-Years 1794 and 1795; distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from whence the same were exported, and the Quantities exported from each Port.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was mad?, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The

ic

36 Geo. III. 22° — 23° . 559

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave put the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Four " Months."

' And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided,

The Noes went forth,

(Mr. Edward James')

} 46.

Mr. Sargent;

[Mr. Alderman 1

Tellers for the Noes, ! > 16.

[Mr. Rashleigh; J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-rfCorn 'de^* night, the 4th Day of April next, resolve itself into a ' *" Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Praters,

Bill for pre- A N ingrossed Bill for further continuing and amend-venting ing the several Acts passed for preventing the

Fraud*in the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement mentofGoak, Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, fwed ' and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of , and that

Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the: several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

- - Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

, > 1

Mutton Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

Moretalne whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

jg" and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, rtpenee. Mareton Moretaine, in ffie County of Bedford, was1 committed; That the Committee had , Vox,. 51.

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of InclOsur'e, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of 277 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 220 Acres, who were neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of 5 Acres, w ho could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,995 Acres and 2 Roods); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to Barrington whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common ["closure and Open Fields, Meadow's, Commonable Lands, and 1 ,repo, te Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, w as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro- . , *

prietors of 439 Acres of Land, w ho refused to sign the Bill; and also except uhe Proprietors of 10 Acres and 20 Perches, who could not be met with; and also except the Proprietors of 106 Acres 2 Roods and 20 Perches, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 2,594 Acres and 3 Perches); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, varying, and amending, Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign Old Malton of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, Inclosure and improving, the Open Fields, logs, Pastures, Com- Act' pa*se<1' mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be mad.e to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 15. After " any" to insert " Part or Parts."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, varying, and amending; "an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reigp of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining,

and

540 23° Mar tit. A. 1796.

and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to re- An ingrossed' Bill to regulate the making and vending gulate the of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof vending'of ^rom being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons, Metal But- was read the Third Time.

tons, passed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus Shuck-

burgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Everton, Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

Scaftworth, whom the Bill for the more effectually embanking, ment and draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Drainage Lands and Grounds lying and being in the several

Bill, reported. Parishes and Townships of

ley on the Hill, Mister ton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 4 17 9 who

refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 94/. 5 3 J d. who

declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 1/. i8j. 6\d. who could not be found: and that the whole Property affected by the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at 641 /. 13/. 5 ^d-); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bill for grant* The House was moved, That the Order, made Yes-

ing Duties terday, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow

on Legacies Morning, the Bill (if ingrossed) for repealing certain E*tatM°nal Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, deferred. and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 4th Day of April next.

Morton, Wal- Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according keith, &e. to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing,

Inclosure and draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Bill^re* Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other sented. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East with, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

« w

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sncnton, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of Bedfordj without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Hibaldstowe, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Gains Cross, in the Parish of Shillingston Ok ford, in the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near Widbrook, in the County of and also a certain Navigable Branch from the intended Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Roads, from " several Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, " in the Parish of Bra ford, in the County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing-Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe, near the Town of Topsham, in the County of

Devon,

The Lord* have agreed to

Cumwhitto* and Cumrew Inclosure Bill-

Balsall Inclosure Bill.

Snenton Inclosure Bill.

Little Barton Inclosure Bill.

Norton Inclosure Bill.

Pertenhall Inclosure Bill,

Hibaldstowe

Inclosure Bill.

Poole and Widbrook Canal Bill.

Bill to vary the Line of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation, &c.

Wakefield lighting, watching. Sec. Bill.

Beccles Paving, &c. Bill.

Topsham and Taunton Canal Ril).

36 Geo. III.

23° Martii.

541

Altrincham Road Bill.

&c. Act.

Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing and making navigable a certain Part of the said River Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

Utile Yar- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act -M- for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from

""k the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the Turnpike

Road at Blythburgh, and also the Road from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk; without any

Amendment: And also,

Crossford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Bridge and Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester', without any Amendment: And also,

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Deal Paving, Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

" paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and " Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and " Annoyances, thereinwithout any Amendment: And also,

Henshall's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Smithy, <tc. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Hoad* Bill. Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of NetherKnutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

Folkestone The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paving, See. for paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Highways,

1' Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of Folkestone, and

Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

Clitheroe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Salford Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

Bndge Road forging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the " Market Cross in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford " Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County The Lords " Palatine of Lancaster:" without any Amendment:

have passed And also,

Hauttouiiier's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. Bill. naturalizing Lewis John Marie Haussoullier; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Lyth Rectory The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bill. vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Medows's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Leases Bill, enable Evelyn Philip Medows, Esquire, and others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Estates, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex i to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to complete the Leominster

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bi|l to enable the Company of Proprietors Vol.51.

of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and com- canal Navi-plete the same, was committed; That the Committee gation, re-had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found ported-the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Report on into further Consideration the Report which was made Hockerton, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the gjj ^hcr Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on considered. Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circum- stances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Nottingham, and Three Times in some Newspaper usually circulated within the said County, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Report.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, West Ella, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Kirk Ella, -and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, "nd. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several reported? ' ' Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Wilier by, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that Part of Wilier by which lies in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, Report on upon the 15th Day of this Instant March, was made Trent and from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Extension'"11 Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Bill, further Trent to the Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from considered, and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water, was committed; and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were

6 Y delivered

Committee on General Inclosure Bill to sit notwithstanding Adjournment.

Supply,

deferred.

"Ways and

Mean?,

deferred.

Lyth Rectory Bill, read.

Haussoullier's Nat. Bill, read.

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, Arc. by the Post, deferred.

Committee on Bill to amend Act for allowing Bounties on Wheat, &c.

542 23° — 24

delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, to whom the Bill for facilitating the Division and Inclosure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement, is committed, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 4th Day of April uext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis John Marie was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 11th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time,

" on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat,

" Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye,

" in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of " Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with " His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of " Warehouse for Home Consumption."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

Marl'd. A. 1796.

thereunto, which they had directed him to report, wheh the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 24° die Martii;

Anno 36* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

J3ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising * of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next.

A Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Mortcellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in

the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Stephen, near to

the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Marston Moretaine, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Marston Moretaine, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for1

making

House to adjourn till 4th April.

Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, committed.

Morwellham Quay and Tamerton Navigation Bill, reported.

Marston Moretaine Inclosure Bill, passed.

Covent Garden Church Bill, passed.

Houghton Regis Inclosure Bill, reported.

Ridgemont inclosure Bill, reported.

36 Geo. III. 24° Martii.

543

making several Regulations relating to the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 5. To leave out "Fifth" and insert

" Fourth " instead thereof.

L 6. To leave out " March " and insert " June " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Cement Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster,

in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had exa&ihed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 20 Acres of Land and Two Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill, and the Proprietor of 32 Acres of Land and One Common Right, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 4,661 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 72 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 51.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Maulden j«-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Rill, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable reP6rt<d-Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined* and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 131 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 2,340 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the'

House*, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there*-upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to North Level whom the Bill for laying an additional Tax upon the Dunnage Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level 'report' of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portstmd, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level, was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given thpir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 527 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, who could not be met with, or have given no Answer to the Application made to them; and that the Whole of the Lands, proposed to be taxed by the Bill, contain 39,622 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dudley Noi'th reported from the Committee, to Great whom the Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, Grimsby altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, repo was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List-of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's 'table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr.

544 2 4? Martii. 1796.

Jolton in che Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, ac-foads'&Jl" cor<^*ng to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and iresented. ' altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening " the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the " Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Gotbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton " and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from " Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, " in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making " more effectual Provision for repairing and widening . " the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post

" near Golbourne Dale to And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord-fcc^Roadi ing to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter Bill, present- and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Se-ed- venteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End " of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, " and from the said Town of Ampthill to " Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road " branching out of the same in Kempston Field to the " Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said " Town of Bedford," except so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont Town to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Huisbourn Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whitfield In- Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-closure ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain presen Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts of Whitfield, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Madden's and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leslie's, &c. for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates in the Estate Bill, County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Leslie the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their own Rights, and to Samuel Esquire, and

John Moore, Clerk, as -Trustees under the Wills of Alicea Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel, Spinsters, both deceased, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Forfar Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Forfar, in the room of David Scott, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That the ingrossed Bill to enable the Company 3° Reading of of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the ?Jent Mersey to make a Navigable Canal from and out of ExteMdon" a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Bill.

Caldon Canal, within the Liberty of to the Town

of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the 3aid proposed Canal with Water, be now read the Third Time;

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Assent Black Rod: 40 "ills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-six:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to "the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Importation of certain

Raw

36 Geo. III. 24° Martii. 545

Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three R®y*d A»#«nt

Plantations in America; and to the Duties on Spirits Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George Bl"' made in Scotland, and imported into England: the First, the Seventeenth Year of King George the

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the " Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead " Part of Great Britain called England:" Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better paving, the County of Buckingham:

" cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made " Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the v ill of in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for reRamsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing pairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County " and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of " a Market House, and holding a Public Market in the Warwick:

" said VillAn Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise Road from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to

improving, the Streets, and other public Passages and the Turnpike Road at and also the Road

Places, within the Town of Bcccles, in the County of from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk:

Suffolk: An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, from Crossford Bridge, within Stretford, in the County passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Palatine of Lancaster, to in the County

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, Palatine of Chester

" paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and " Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in enlarging the Powers, of An Act, passed in the Sixthe County of Kent, and for removing and preventing teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and An- intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " noyances therein" Road from the Market Cross in the Township of

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and " Clit to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Black-other public Passages and Places, within the Town of " burn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

Wakefield, in the County of York, and for more effec- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two tually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Tow'n of Folke- Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from stone, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoy- Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide ances therein: Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Al- |

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of trine ham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County;

finish and complete the same, and for amending the Act of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of,

Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Chester:

Canal: An Act to enable the Right honourable Richard

An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal Grenville Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty- and the Right honourable Anna Eliza Spinster,

fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- commonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make tuled, " An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Settlements on the Marriage intended between them,

" the River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury ,notwithstanding their respective Minorities:

" in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of certain " the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts Estates of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, which stood " therein described," and to amend the said Act, and also settled on him as Tenant for Life, unimpeachable for to make a certain Navigable Cut therein described: Waste, to sell the same Estates with the Timber and

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Underwood standing, and for allowing him to receive River Exe, near the Town of Topsham, in the County the Amount of such Timber and Underwood at a fair of Devon, to the River Tone, near the Town of Taun- Valuation, and for debarring him from falling Timber, ton, in the County of Somerset, and for cleansing or committing Waste, on the Lands hereafter to be and making navigable a certain Part of the said Ri- purchased:

ver Tone, and for making certain Cuts from the said An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Canal: Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal au- mon Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable thorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty- and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the i

fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Wroughton, and within the Tything of Uffcott, in the " Navigable Canal, with certain Railways and Stone Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts:

" Roads, from several Collieries in the County of An Act for dividing a certain Heath, called Somersham

" Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing " and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the and inclosing such Parts of the said Heath as shall be " County of Wilts," and to alter and amend the said allotted to the Parishes of Woodhurst, Somersham, and Act: Pidley with Fenton, and also the Open Fields and An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Commonable Lands within the said Parishes: !

Gains Cross, in the Parish of Shil/ingston Okeford, in An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common the County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste and Avon Canal at or near Widbrook, in the County of Grounds, within the Township of Kimberworth, in the Wilts, and also a certain Navigable Branch from the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County intended Canal: of York: '

Vol. 51. 6 Z An

Royal As to Bills.

546

24" Mariii. A. 1796.

t An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoorlying in the Parish of Butkigh, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Tysoc, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cheswardine, in the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Gaieford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Beighton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Blunhamand in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Grandborou in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brick hill, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cumwhittonand Cumrew, within, and Parcel of, the

Barony of Gi/sland, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerburn, and Kingthorp, within the Parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Hamlet of Balsall, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warw

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Opsa Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year or every Year Lands, Half Year, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Barton, otherwise Barton in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Leys, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Hibaldstoice, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Towns-end Mullins, Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing David

An Act for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrels.

Then the Question being put, That the ingrossed Trent and Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Na- MereeyCanal vigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a Navi- fjji^ut off gable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their for Three said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, within the MoDths. Liberty of Endon, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and also a Reservoir for supplying the said proposed Canal with Water, be now read the Third Time:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Ryder,

Lord Granville 50.

son Gower:

Tellers for the Noes, ^or^, ^en' 1-62.

' |_The Lord Belgrave:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Three Months.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to King's Con-enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, sent tojiill his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simpie, all the Estate, |°raGrant of Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, Earl of Exe-in and upon the Haye or Walk of West hay, in the ter.

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Application of the Money to be paid to His Majesty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill passed, be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, His Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of West-hay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Dick ins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to King's Con-enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of Westmor- sent to Bill land, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the L^j^to the^ Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Earl of West- Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay morlaud.' Formes and Shortwood, and More hay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent., as far as His Majesty's Interest is

concerned,

96 Geo. III.

24° Martii.

54?

Report from Committee on the high Price of Corn, respecting the making of mixed

concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Application of the Money to be paid to His Majesty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of Westmwland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee

Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Su/ehay Fermcs and Shortwood, and More-

hay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, who Were appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had further considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Magistrates should, in Times of Scarcity and high Price of Corn, have Power to make certain Regulations relative to the Manufacture and Sale of certain Sorts of Meal and Bread, which they do not now by Law possess.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Average Price of middling British Wheat shall be above a certain Sum, Magistrates, at their General Quarter Sessions, or at any Sessions to be specially appointed for that Purpose, shall be empowered, within their respective Jurisdictions, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Separation at the Mill of more than Five Pounds of Bran from every Sixty Pounds of Wheat; and also, to prohibit the Sale of any Wheaten Meal from which a greater Proportion of Bran shall have been separated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Miller should be prevented from making fine Flour for the Consumption of any Persons who reside within the Districts where the Use of fine Flour is not prohibited, so far as the making such Flour, for the Consumption of such Persons, hath been the usual Course of his Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Magistrates be also empowered to prohibit, within their respective Jurisdictions, for a limited Time, the making for Sale any other Bread, made of Wheat Meal alone, than such as shall be made of the whole Meal, deducting only at the Rate of Five Pounds of Bran out of Sixty Pounds of Wheat.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Magistrates be empowered, within their respective Jurisdictions, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of any Bread for Sale, except such as shall be made of the whole Meal of Wheat, as above described, or of such Mixtures of wholesome farinaceous Food, and in such Proportions, as they shall appoint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of carrying the last Resolution into Effect, Magistrates be empowered to oblige the Millers within their respective Jurisdictions, for. a limited Time, to grind and dress, if required, and, if

Vor,. 51.

consistent with the Powers and Mechanism of their Mills, such Sorts of Grain as shall be necessary for making the said approved Mixtures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Magistrates shall not make any of the Prohibitions before-mentioned without sufficient Public Notice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, the Company of Bakers of the said City, and in any other County, City, Division, District, Town, or Place, any Baker or Maker of Bread for Sale,

Miller or Mealman, may, within the respective Jurisdiction to which he or they do belong, or wherein he or they do exercise their Trade, Occupation, or Mystery, nave an Opportunity of offering to such Justices as aforesaid, all such Objections as such Company of Bakers, or such Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale, or such Millers or Mealmen, may have, and think fit to offer, against any such Prohibition or Regulation as aforesaid, at the Time when such Justices as aforesaid ' shall have under Consideration the ordering any such Prohibition or Regulation.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to amend Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for iActJ[orj^"un amending an Act, made in this present Session of Par- ^onWhea" liament, intituled, "An Act for allowing Bounties, for &c. reported.' " a limited Time, on the Importation into Great tain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn,

" Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other " Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or " State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 7th Day of April next.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Port of Scar- Bill for innk-borough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under ingScnrb<*-certain Regulations and Restrictions, was read the l,.gh

rp. , rp. 1 ob:i£) a

lhird Time. free i*or

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title passed, be, An Act for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying all Persons who Rock Salt have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Indemnity,

O7 J O o iv|l

Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council re- tVC‘ ' specting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing p Suits in Consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coastwise of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

ed by

American Trade Bill, passed.

Committee on Leicestershire Petition for a Tax on Dogs deferred.

The Ix>rds have ageeed to

Street way, Wolverhampton, &c. Roads Bill.

Bill for setting out Lands in the Bailiwick of Clirte,

The Lords have passed

Elliott's Estate Bill.

Sir John Sheffield's Estate Bill.

548

24" Martii.

A. 17

An irigrossed Bill to Continue the Laws now 'in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of so far as the samte relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Air. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlanonir the Term and Powers of certain

o o

Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called Streetway, in the County of Stafford, through Wolverhampton, to Wordsley Green Gate, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for setting out Lands in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise in the Forest of

Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable and empower Trustees to sell certain Copyhold Estates belonging to Catherine Hallman Elliott, an Infant, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within ley, Eccup, and Harewood, in the West Riding of the County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Sheffield, Baronet) in Edward Lascelles the Elder, Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, discharged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and Trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the Manor, or reputed Manor,' of Eccup, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, Cookeridge, East Breary, and West

Breaty, in the said County of York, and also, divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the Elder, and Edward Lascelles the Younger,

of much greater Value, in Lieu thereof, and by Way of Exchange, to the like Uses, Entail, and Trusts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elliott'* Es-to enable and empower Trustees to sell certain Copy- tate Bill, hold Estates belonging to Catherine Dallman Elliott, r#ad-an Infant, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir John for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Sheffield'* Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within Estate Bill,

ley, Eccup, and Harewood, in the West Riding of the r*d' County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Sheffield, Baronet) in Edward Lascelles the Elder,

Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, discharged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and Trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Eccup, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, Cookeridge, East Breary, and West Breary, in the said County of York, and also, divers Alessuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the Elder, and Edward Lascelles the Younger, of much greater Value, in Lieu thereof, and by Way of Exchange, to the like Uses, Entail, and Trusts, w'as read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, Accounts from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, from Cham-attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the borlain'* Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions p,e~ of several Acts of Parliament, Mn

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1795: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, Black-friars Bridge, from the izgth September 1794 exclusive, to the 29th September 1795 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Jiclds, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Bishopsgate Street, §c. from the 29th September 1794 exclusive, to the 29th September 1795 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present- Tolls and Duties payable for navigating on the River Thames, from the 31st December 1794 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1795 inclusive:

And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th September 1794 exclusive, to the 29th September 1795 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,

Accounts of Vessels cleared out from the Port of London, Bristol, &c. for Africa,

1 ordered.

Feilitzsch

sworn.

Medows's Leases Bill, read.

Lyth Rectory Bill committed.

36 Geo. III.

24° Martii. — 4°

54 9

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of London for Africa, since the Year 1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of Bristol for Africa, since the Year 1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of Liverpool for Africa, since the Year 1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of Lancaster for Africa, since the Year 1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 4° die Aprilis Anno 36* Georgii III*5 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

ipRED ERICK Lewis Ernest Baron de Feilitzsch, took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Evelyn Philip Medows, Esquire, and others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Estates, in the Parish of Whiin the County of

Middlesex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Vol. 61.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir John for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within committed/

Eccup, and Harewood, in the West Riding of the County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Sheffield, Baronet) in Edward Lascelles the Elder, Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, discharged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and Trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Eccup, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup,

Addle, Cookeridge, East Breary, and West Breary, in the said County of York, and also divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the Elder, and Edward Lascelles the Younger, of much greater Value, in lieu thereof, and by Way of Exchange, to the like Uses, Entail, and Trust, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Tilney and Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes Islington of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Isling- *

ton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elliott's to enable and empower Trustees to sell certain Copy- Estate Bill, hold Estates belonging to Catherine Dallman Elliott, committed, an Infant, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Houghton Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Regis In-mons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton closure Bill, Regis, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third ^asae ‘ Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39. 1. 12. To leave out from " Offerings" to " And," in Pr. 48. 1. 35.

Pr. 49. 1. 19. To leave out from " aforesaid " to the End of 1. 21.

Pr. 84. 1. 31. To leave out from " shewing" to " the," in 1. 33.

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had given their Consent to the said Amendments;

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

7 A An

A. 1796.

4* Aprilis.

550

►laulden An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

nclosure and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable hll, passed. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Afaulden, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maidden, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingressed Bill for dividing and allotting the Barrington Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable inclosure Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bill, pawed. Barrington, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hidgemont An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the [nclosure Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Com-1 ,pMse mons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of -mont, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ridgemont, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

North Level An ingrossed Bill for laying an additional Tax upon Drainage the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great 1 ,passe ' Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Port-sand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Port-sand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

F.gerton's Mr. Wilbraham reported from the Committee, to

Agreement whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An and pass*! Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by William Egerton, Esquire, for the Sale of the Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and Interest, advanced upon an Assignment of the Chester Canal Navigation, with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security for the same, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the Will of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. WHbrahem do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Feilitzsch's A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest Baron Nat. Bill, de Feilitxsch, was read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Madden's Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates in Leslie's, the County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden,

Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Leslie the mitted. Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their own Rights, and to Samuel Pipe Wolferstan, Esquire, and John Moore, Clerk, as Trustees under the Wills of Alicea Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel,

Spinsters, both deceased, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Wilmot, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Mirfield whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- inclosure mons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands "^reported* and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfeld, in the County of York was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gen- Member tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a added to Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the seve- Gringley on ral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Hill In-Behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of Lands closure BilL and Tenements within the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the County of Nottingham.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Gringley Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the upon the Hill Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Jwlosure wkhin the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the Cnunty of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Samuel Wilkes Waud, of Bccston, in Mr. Wand's the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the Pet, tl°" House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Inga, incloom Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of BilL Barwick in Elmet, in the County of York; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner bath not consented to the said Bill, and is materially interested in the Division

and

Report on

Morwellham

Quay and

Tamerton

Navigation

Bill further

considered.

Cutting Retail Butchers Petition.

36 Geo. III. 4° Apri551

and Inclosure of a very considerable Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and is apprehensive that if such Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner will be very materially injured: And therefore praying That he may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 24th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Morwellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Wednesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794}

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the cutting retail Butchers of London, Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Places adjacent thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a very heavy and great Distress hath, for a long Time, and doth still continue to affect the Petitioners, and also the Public in general, especially the middling and lower Orders thereof, by the Yearly Rise of the Necessaries of Life (among which Butchers Meat is one of the most considerable) occasioned, so far as relates to that specific Article, they conceive, not only by the Practices of monopolizing Jobbers, Forestallers, Regraters, and Engrossers, but also by that Dealing which hath of late so much prevailed of Carcase-butchering within the Districts of the Trade of the Petitioners; and, as the said Description of Men suppose that the Statute, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the Laws against Badgers, Forestallers, §c. to extend not only to the Statutes particularly named therein, but also to the Eleventh Clause of the 31st of George the Second, Cap. 40, and to every other prohibiting Statute whatever, they deem themselves unrestrainable as to the Practices and Dealings they have uniformly exercised and persisted in since the passing the said repealing Act, in consequence of which, by the Influence they have acquired over the Salesmen, they so obstruct and prevent the Petitioners Vo uSL

from the Advantages of an open and fair Market of live Cattle, that they are compelled in too many Instances to have Recourse to the said Jobbers, Carcass Butchers, &c. for a Supply of those Goods they formerly had the Opportunity of buying alive and at the first Hand, by which several considerable Profits are unnecessarily made by those middle Men, to the certain progressive Enhancement of the Price of Meat, and to the manifest Injury of the Public, and of the Petitioners as a trading Body; and representing to the House, that the said Evil hath of late extended to so alarming and grievous a Height, that it hath raised the Price of Meat in most Cases to more than double at which it was sold in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, and 1772; and that, during many Weeks of the last Spring, the Petitioners were under the Necessity of selling Meat to many of the lower Class of People at a less Price than it cost them, in order to allay the Discontents and Murmurs so prevalent at that Time, and, notwithstanding this was well known at that Period, they had the Mortification of experiencing that the Jobbers, Forestallers, Carcass Butchers, &c. continued in the unfeeling and sordid Practice of enriching themselves through the Medium of the Petitioners calamitous Situation; and that those Men not only engross to themselves the greatest and best Part of the live Stock brought into Smithfield Market, as before stated, but also that which is brought Weekly into the small Markets within Fifteen Miles of the Metropolis, and this System of Forestalling, &c. is another real Cause of the progressive Rise in the Price of Meat, and also tends to concentrate a great and valuable Part of the Trade into the Hands of those middle Men, to the Exclusion, as well as to the manifest Injury, of the fair Traders, who were the original Purveyors and Venders of this Article of Sustenance to the Public: The present, as well as the future evil Consequences attending this Practice, the Petitioners hope the House will protect them from; and they beg Leave, finally, to observe, that, it having been suggested the dry Summer of 1794, and the Winter which succeeded thereto, might, in a great Degree, have contributed to the excessive high Price of Meat, and that a more kind and productive Season would not only lessen, but in some Measure do away so much of the Cause as doth arise from those Sources, they entertained the fullest Expectation that the mild and genial Time which hath succeeded, and which still continues, would have effected so desirable and beneficial a Change; but, alas! this Blessing hath not altered the Face of Things, the Hand of Avarice yet grasps the obvious Good, God means to all, and thus that Hope, which supported the Expectation of the Petitioners, is rendered abortive, and no longer a Consolation to them; for although, the Markets have, for many Months past, been superabundantly supplied with Stock in the best Condition, no perceptible Alteration for the better hath been the Consequence, the Price of this Article of Sustenance is now as high as ever remembered, and the Petitioners conceive will progressively rise unless timely prevented by the House; and, from Information of undoubted Veracity, they learn that Meat hath in common been sold, and in many Places Continues so to be, at the Rate of a Halfpenny to Three Halfpence a Pound cheaper, at the small Distance of Twenty to Forty Miles only from London, than in that Metropolis, and its Environs: That the Petitioners, thus surrounded by the sordid Arts of Monopolizers, &c. on the one Hand, and of approaching Ruin (to many if not averted) on the other, of all which, as well as of every other Allegation in this Petition, they are prepared to give the most satisfactory Evidence, therefore pray, That their grievous Condition may induce the House to take the same into Consideration, and that such effectual and speedy

Relief

552

4° — 5° Aprilis.

A.1796;

Relief may be granted them a9 the Urgency of their Case, and the Wisdom of the House, may entitle . them to.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

ofofee^in88 His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Martial on* Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy Mr. Caw- of the Proceedings of the Court Martial lately holden thorne. for the Trial of John. Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

of Cora deferred.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to high Price resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means aee for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

Bolton in the A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Prayers.

Moors, &cc. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-committed e>ghth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, " made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads " from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to " Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne " Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and " from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from " Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, " in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making " more effectual Provision for repairing and widening " the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post " near Golbourne Dale to Winwick," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Farnworth A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain and Kersley Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors or B^UconT- Lordships of Farnworth and Kersley, in the Parish of mitted. Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the ed for Second Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Reading of intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation Scotch Game " the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Act. " Scotland;and for repealing and amending several of

" the Laws now in being relative thereto,'" be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Legacies

deferred.

Bill for grant- The Order of the Day being read, for the Third ing Duties on Reading of the ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Whitfield In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open closure Bill Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in commit . parish> Liberties, and Precincts of Whitfield, in

the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

MR. Hobart reported from the Committee, to BarrettsEx-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- change Bill tuled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain rePorted-Lands in the several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 15. At the End of the Line insert " the " County of Kent, and Saint " Margaret in."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Feilitzsch's whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest Nat. Bill Baron deFeilitzsch, was committed; That the Committee reported, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis Annesley presented to the House, ac- Hampton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and Poyle Ininclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, closure Bill Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, presented, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Morwellham Navigation from Morwellham Quay, in the Parish of Quay and Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, Tamerton in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Bypassed. Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said

3 County

36 Geo. III.

5" Aprilis.

553

County of Devon, to Ric Mill, in the Parish of

Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50. 1. 7. To leave out " Boatpool," and insert " Blanchdown " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Morwellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerlan Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and ailso a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Milin the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Shadwefl's a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Divorce Bill, gjj from ti,e Lor(js> intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell, Esquire, Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ramsgate.

Harbour

Account,

presented,

The House being informed that Mr. Evans, Secretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of-Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " An Account of the Receipts " and Disbursements attending the Harbour of Ramsgate, from the 24th of June 1794 to the 24th of " June 1795."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read. -Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition for A Petition of the Lancaster Canal Company, was kaveto presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

Petitioner That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-

amending the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Lancaster intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a

Canal Act. " Navigable Canal from in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch " from the said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, " to or near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster," and also by virtue of another Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to alter and amend the said former Act, by making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal at . or near Galgate to Glasgon Dock, in the said Vol. 5J.

County Palatine of Lancaster, the Petitioners, being certain Proprietors therein particularly named, are united into a Company for carrying on, making, completing and maintaining, the said intended Navigable Canal and Branches, and for that Purpose are thereby made one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company oj Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name have Power and Authority to purchase Lands to them and their Successors for the Use of the said Navigation, and are thereby authorized and empowered, from and after the 25th Day of June 1792, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to cause and complete a Canal, to be called The Lancaster Canal, to be made passable and navigable through the several Parishes and Places therein particularly mentioned; and, it is thereby enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or sole, who are, or shall be, seised or possessed of, or interested in, any Lands or Grounds through which the said intended Canal shall pass, to contract for, sell, and convey, unto the said Company of Pro prietors, their Successors or Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Use of the said Navigation, all, or any Part of, such Lands and Grounds which shall from Time to Time, be set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in carrying on the Works of the said intended Canal, and now find that, for the Purpose of completing the same, it will be necessary for them to make a Cut through a considerable Part of an Estate called Myerscough Park, in the County of Lancaster, Parcel of the Possessions of His Majesty, in Right of His Dutchy of Lancaster (subject to a Lease thereof granted to James Heatley, Esquire, for a Term of Years yet unexpired) which intended Cut the Petitioners are prevented from carrying into immediate Execution by His Majesty's Name being inadvertently omitted to be made Use of in the said Act, and, it is conceived, that His Majesty not being expressly empowered, under the said Act, to convey and assure any Lands to the Petitioners, it is expedient for the Purposes of carrying on the said Works, which are now entirely at a stand, and the Petitioners prevented from proceeding for the before-mentioned. Reasons, that a Bill should be brought into Parliament, this present Session, to alter and amend the said Act, by enabling the Chancellor and Council of the Dutchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to contract for, sell, and dispose of, and thereupon to grant and assure, in the Name of the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Dutchy, unto, or to the Use of, the Petitioners, their Successors, and Assigns, so much and such Quantities of Land, being Parcel of the Possessions of His said Dutchy, and within the Survey and Receipt of the same, as shall be necessary and expedient to be made Use of for the Purpose of completing the Works of the said Canal, at and for such Price or Prices as shall be agreed upon between the said Chancellor and Council of the said Dutchy and the Petitioners, to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the said Dutchy, or his Deputy, for the Time being, for His Majesty's Use; and that the Petitioners were not aware of the Necessity of making this Application till after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills had elapsed: And therefore praying. That they may be at liberty to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act for the Purposes . before stated.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition,. as desired by the said Lancaster Canal Company.

7 B

Then

554

5° Aprilis. A. 1796.

Petition for Then a Petition of the Lancaster Canal Company, amending the jjeing offered to be presented to the House;

CanaLAct. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act for the Purposes before stated.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas , Mr.

Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill to pre- The House was moved, That the Order, made vent stealing Upon the 16th Day of March last, for reading a Se-deferredP0U' cont* Time, Tomorrow, the Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying of Pewter Pots, or other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April.

Bill for grant- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ing Duties Reading of the ingrossed Bill for repealing certain of Pereond Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and Estates, for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases, be passed. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 24. To leave out " greater."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

»-| 16.

Mr. Grey,

Mr. Alderman Newn-ham:

'Mr. Solicitor General, 164.

[Mr. Hobart:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Game Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the mTttefLm" Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called

" Scotland;and for repealing and amending several

" of the Laws now in being relative thereto," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Petition from Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, whose Names are on

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and £>ogSi read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners have with Pleasure observed, that a Motion has been made in the House for the Taxation of Dogs, and as the said Tax will be extremely likely to reduce the Number of those Animals, and consequently lessen the Destruction of Sheep, and the Consumption of vast Quantities of Provisions proper for the Sustenance of Human Beings, and, at the same Time, in a considerable Degree, remove the Alarms which the People in general labour under from the Apprehension and Dread of Canine Madness, the Petitioners think it a most desirable Measure: And therefore praying, That a proper Tax may be imposed upon all Persons keeping Dogs, in such Manner, to be applied for such Purposes, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gyrePetitkm to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, for a Tax on Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names Dog*, are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Com and Flour imported into this King- £.orn !uid dom, in the Month of March last, entitled to receive a ed^March," Bounty on Importation, specifying the Ports in which ordered. the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Importers who claim the Bounty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Bill for more into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ®^t"^Exe" mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Election Acts more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, re-committed made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other

Amendments

considered.

Committee on Bill for t Grant of Lands to Mr FinchHatton.

Report

referred.

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, Arc. by the Post, deferred.

Home

adjourned.

36 Geo. 111. 5° — 6° —

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider, further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Toamshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Tomnskend reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the 'House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Finch Hatton, Esquire, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, upon the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great,

might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Vol.51.

0 Aprilis. 555

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7° die Aprilis;

Anno 36° Georgii III. U Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, Answer to that their Address of Monday last (that His Addres*> Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Proceedings of the Court Martial, lately holden for the Trial of John Fenton Cawthorne,

Esquire, a Member of this House, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Boasiney the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bossiney, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Humphrey Minchin, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to sharrington Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bill, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, presented, within the Parish of Sharrington, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossetf Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barrett's Ex-for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands in the change Bill, several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Pasted-Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent,

Esquire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaiot them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shadwell's to dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell, Esquire, Divorce Bill, Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore, his P*8^-now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Farmers and Growers of against the Hay, in Behalf of themselves, and the several other Bll|

Persons supplying the Hay Markets of London and buying and* Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; selling of Hay Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the buying and Straw, selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as

relate

Li

556 7° Aprilis. A. 1796;

relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that, although the Bill is intended to prevent Abuses committed by Salesmen and other Persons selling Hay and Straw in the City of London, and within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Persons within the Vicinity thereof, yet they also observe, that there are certain Clauses therein which, if passed into a Law as the Bill now stands, will most materially affect the Rights, Interests, and Property of the Petitioners, and all Persons sending Hay to the Markets in and within the Limits of the Bills of Mortality: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Rights, Interests, and Property, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Aberdeen An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Canal Bill, Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the passed. Parish of Aberdeen, or Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of,) in the

Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or . near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverury) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition in A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Favour of Ship Owners at the Port of Aberdeen, was presented to „ the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Bi"|C c‘ making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ramsey Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure and the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, reported.' called The Hern Common and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining . " and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, " in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, JVistow, " Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, " in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, " in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge and for making more effectual Provision for those

Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, of Hams, in the Co.unty of Warwick, Trustee to Robert . Esquire, a Lunatic, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 561 Acres of Land, and 22 Common Rights, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands proposed to be divided and inclosed, or drained, by the Bill, consists of 9,628 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 226 Common Rights); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Report on the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an tion Bill (from Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Franckton His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Common),

" and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River farther c°n* " Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the 81 er " River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherrymans Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 21st Day of March last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal, from making Use of any Water belonging to the Duke of Bridgewater.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Feilitzsch's Ernest Baron de Feilitzsch, was read the Third Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title P838* *

be,

36 Geo. III. 7° April55,7

be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Ernest

Baron de Feilitzsch.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for a Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Lands to Mr House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty

Finch Hat- to grant to George Finch Esquire, his Heirs and

uo, reported. Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield and the Bailiwick of , in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, was committed, be now received.

The Lord Arden accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throuhgout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Petition For Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to amending the whom the Petition of the Lancaster Canal Company was Canal Act, referred; That the Committee had examined, and found reported. that the said Petition is not within the Stnnding Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'l'able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkhy Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, were read: And,

James Taylor, Esquire, being examined, said, That considerable Progress has been made in carrying the said Acts into Execution, and it is now found necessary to make a Cut through Part of an Estate Parcel of the Possessions of His Majesty, in Right of His Dutchy of JUmcasler, which they are prevented from executing by His Majesty's Name being inadvertently omitted in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkhy Kendal, 44 in the County of Westmorland, to West , in

" the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navi- gable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or " near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near. Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster:" And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition from A Petition from the Town of -

Bolton-le- cash ire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

Tuon Doe* ^0l th, That, from a well-grounded Expectation of many private and public Benefits accruing from the proposed Tax on Dogs, the Petitioners beg Leave, upon this Occasion, to join with others of His Majesty's Subjects Vol. 51.

in praying, That the same rtjay receive, the Sanction of the Legislature.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pybus, from the Commissioners for executing House ac-

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, acquainted the House, That their Lordships, having Cornwallis judged it expedient that the Honourable William had been Cornwallis, Vice Admiral of the Red Squadron of His taken into Majesty's Fleet, should be tried at a Court Martial for Custody. Disobedience of their Orders of the 25th of February,. and 15th of March last, had accordingly issued their Warrant to the Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty for taking him into Custody: That, as the Honourable William Cornwallis is a Member of thia House, their Lordships had thought it a Respect due to the House, to inform them of his Commitment, and to lay before them a Copy of the Warrant, by virtue of which he is now in Custody, in order to take his Trial at Portsmouth.

And Mr. Pybus delivered in at the Clerk's Table, Copy of War-a Copy of the Warrant to the Marshal of the Admiralty, rantdeliver-to take into his Custody the said Honourable Vice, *,n* Admiral Cormvallis.

And the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That what Mr. Pybus hath now communicated to the House, and also the said Copy, be entered in the Journal of this House.

The said Copy is as followeth;

By the Commissioners for execut->j o n. ing the Office of Lord High

k Admiral of Great Britain and

Ireland, &c.

Whereas we have issued our Orders to the Earl Hence, Admiral and Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet, to hold a Court Martial at Portsmouth, on Monday next, the 4th Instant, or as soon after as conveniently may be, for the Trial of the Honourable William Cornwallis, Vice Admiral of the Red Squadron

of His Majesty's Fleet, upon Charges exhibited against him by us, for not proceeding to Barbadoes, pursuant to our Orders to him of the 25th of February last and 15th Ultimo: And whereas we think proper that you should, take the said Vice Admiral the Honourable William Cornwallis into your Custody; you are hereby required and directed to repair forthwith to Portsmouth, and acquaint him therewith. But as it is notour Intention that he should be put under greater Inconvenience or Confinement than is absolutely necessary, you are to take his Honour for his Appearance at the Court Martial, and attend him to and from the Court during the Continuance of his Trial, and then to dispose of him as the Court Martial shall direct; for which this shall be your Warrant. Given under our Hands and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, the 2d April 1796.

H. Seymour.

To John Crickitt, Esquire, Php Stephens.

Marshal of the High J, Gambier.

Court of Admiralty, or his Deputy.

By Command of their Lordships,

Evan Nepean.

(Copy)

Evan Nepean.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Salesmen of Hay and certain Sales-Straw in Smithfield Market, in the City of London, on j£*ng^‘tnost Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Busi- regulate the ness in the said Market, was presented to the House, buying and and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the of^ay buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repeal- an aidW' ing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of

7 C the

A. 1796.

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Orders in Council for admitting Cargoes of certain Neutral Ships to Entry, pre* rented.

Acts respecting Dutch Property, to be considered.

558

7° Aprilis.

the Reign of King William and Queen Maty, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second* as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as such Salesmen, are, by a Clause in the said Bill, subjected to a Forfeiture for every Truss of Hay, which shall be offered to be sold by them, not being of the Weight mentioned in the Bill, although the Petitioners are only Salesmen, and not the Owners of such Hay, or in any Way concerned in the binding or weighing thereof, the same being always offered to be sold by them in the State it is brought or sent to them by the Owners thereof, and the Petitioners hot having an Opportunity of knowing the Weight of hny of the Trusses of such Hay, whereby the Petitioners will be very much injured if such Clause should pass into a Law; and that there are several Other Clauses in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N* i. Copy of an Order in Council for admitting the Cargo, of the Neutral Ship Parkman to Entry, dated 2 7th June 1795 — to which is annexed, a List of the Neutral Vessels admitted, to Entry under similar Orders during the Continuance of the Provisions contained in the Thirty-ninth Clause of the Dutch Property Act: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order in Council for admitting the Cargo of the Neutral Ship Rebecca to Entry, dated the 28th November 1795 — to which is annexed a List of Neutral Vessels admitted to Entry under similar Orders subsequent to the Expiration of the Powers contained in the Thirty-ninth Clause of the Dutch Property Act, up to the 27th of February 1796: And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order in Council for admitting the Cargo of the Neutral Ship Gloryanah to Entry, in which Order there is a Provision for the Admission of Cotton free of Duty, dated 3d March 1796 — to which is annexed, a List of Neutral Vessels admitted to Entry under similar Orders, up to the 4th of 1796.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of

" the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January " One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this Country to be " warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who " have acted in Consequence of such Orders," might be read. L

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and " Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit " of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth " and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and to provide for " the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, " or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall " Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of " Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the " County of Bedford, and also the Road branching " out of the same in Kempston Field to the Turnpike " Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of " Bedfordexcept so far as the same relates to the

Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont Town to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Huisboum Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

After " Rigge" to insert " Esquire, " the Representatives of" and after the first " Askew " to insert " Esquire, deceased."

To leave out " immemorially " and insert " usually" instead thereof.

After " Rigge" to insert " the " Representatives of the said." After " Admeasurement" to insert " and, " and to leave out from " Map" to " as," iu 1.40.

After " Rigge" to insert " the " Representatives of the said." To leave out " Cottages."

To leave out " shall" and insert " may " instead thereof.

To leave out " required" and insert u empowered" instead thereof.

Pr. 18-

Pr. 1. 1. 21.

1. 26.1

and

27.J

Pr. 2. 1. 5-

Pr. 7- 1. 39-

Pr. 15- 1. 33-

Pr. 16. 1. 37-

Pr. 18. 1. 29.

1. 30.

Bedford and Ampthill,\c# Roads hill, committed*

Cartmel Inclosure Bill, passed.

Report on Bill to amend Act for allowing Bounties on Wheat, ice. farther considered.

36 Geo. III. 7° Aprilis.

559

Pr. 18. 1. 39» To leave oat " shall and after " also" to insert " to.'*

Pr. 22. 1. 15. After " holden" to insert " at " Lancaster."

Pr. 25. 1. 30. After " held " to insert " at Lancaster"

Pr. 27. 1. 14. After " Commissioners" to insert after having set out the Allot-" ments to the said Lord Bishop u of Chester, his Successors and " Lessee, in Lieu of Tythes, as " herein after directed."

1. 15. At the End of the Line to insert " the Representatives of the " said."

1. 34. To leave out from " shall" to " set," in 1. 35.

1. 39. After " Commons" to insert " and, " and to leave out from Grounds" to " within," in Pr. 28. 1. 1.

Pr. 28. 1. 13. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " subject," in 1. 16.

1. 16. To leave out " only."

1. 21. After " Lessee" to insert " out of " the said Yearly Value."

1. 28.1

and \To leave out " and Mosses."

29 J

Pr. 32. 1. 19.I To leave out Low Moor" and

and > insert " Commons" instead there-

20.J of.

Pr. 33. 1. 38. At the End of the Line to insert " the Representatives of the " said."

Pr. 42. 1. 2. To leave out from " Commissioners" to " are," in lv 3.

Pr. 49. 1. 31. After " held" to insert " at Lancaster in and."

Pr. 50. 1. 32. After " Act" to insert " any Thing " herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

And the said Amendments Mere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving, dividing, and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Bill for bette into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Regulation mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the ^imniueJ6* better Regulation of Mills, was committed, be now e '

read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several othet Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to-a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom4 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Subscribers thereto, being Mer- Petition from chants and Ship Owners in the City of Bristol, was Merchwits, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, a^joStswan-That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill, is now Light-depending in Parliament for repairing, enlarging, and house Bill, preserving the Harbour of Swansea, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles, by which a Tax is intended to be laid on all Ships and Vessels (a few only excepted) passing within certain Limits therein described, and which will include all Ships passing from the Westward of those Lights to Bristol, or from Bristol to the Westward thereof; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, from the Testimony of the most experienced and judicious Navigators, that those Lights, so far from being of any Advantage to the Trade of Bristol, will be prejudicial thereto, es4 pecially to Foreigners, and Ships of any considerable Burthen, who, trusting to the discovering those Lights, may make for that Coast, where there is not sufficient Depth of Water for large Ships, and thereby run the Risque of being totally lost, whereas, if there were no such Lights, they would endeavour to keep near the English Shore, where there is no Danger from Shoals or Sand Banks: And therefore praying, That no Tax may be laid on the Trade of Bristol for the Improvement of the Harbour of Swansea, and for which the proposed Alteration in the Lights is principally intended, but that the Tax may be confined to Vessels frequenting the Harbour of Swansea, and Ports contiguous thereto, or on coasting and other Vessels not exceeding the Burthen of One hundred Tons per Register, and that all larger Ships and Vessels may be exempted therefrom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in this present Session of-Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into " Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian " Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or " other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the " Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home " Consumption," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vox,. 51.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Bill for regu-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House lating the upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying ^aves ^le-Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be ferred.' now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Mirfield In-Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable closure Bill, Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfeld, in Ija3Sed-the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands land Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York.

Ordered, that Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

560

T — WAprilis.

A. 1796.

ax on J eferred.

ieport on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

jcesiershire whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

8 l° dogs, of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of , and

in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8® die;

Anno 36® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1796. Prayers.

\*DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising *- of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

fonse rtjourn to londay.

ledows's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An jnuaitted.' -Act to enable Evelyn Philip Esquire, and

others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain / Estates, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

n^Congle- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to >n Road Bill, whom the Bill for amending, widening, improving, [ported. and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Report on till to com-lete the Leo-ninsterCanal J avigation, j rther con-idered.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 23d Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 24th Day of March last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Lords Mr. Smith: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Indemnity Act to indemnify such Persons as have . omitted Bill, to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace,'or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by I aw, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An for e«m-Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing an PurposeVof Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Maidstone His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening, Paving, fee.

" improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting, Act*

" the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages " and Places, within the King's Town of,

" in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and " Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said " Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Ma,"to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bala and Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the.Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Hoads. therein mentioned, in the Counties of , .

Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lord* vesting the Estates in the County of Cambridge, de- ave |,ass> vised by John Swale, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold Swale's at the same Time with certain Estates of John , Estate Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the first-mentioned Estates in discharging Legacies) and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses; ' to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wilkinson'* vesting the Real Estates, devised by the Will of Estate Bill. Wilkinson, late of Whitby, in the County of York,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, or a sufficient Part thereof, in Discharge of his Debts affecting the same Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for placing out at Interest the Residue thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, upon the Trusts declared by the said Will of such Real Estate; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Sherington Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Com- Inclosure mons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bill, passed.

Sherington,

r i; — -- v — —

.36 Geo. III. 8° . 561

Sherington, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the «' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Walcott In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places of Walcott, in the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places of Walcott, in the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Martin's Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com-O-ch mittee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Church-don reported warc'cns> Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of ' Saint Martin Outwich, in the City of London, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as v it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the . Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Scott being examined, said, That the Church of the said Parish, which was built in the Thirteenth Century, has for a Series of Years occasioned the Inhabitants of the Parish a continued Expence for Repairs, and is now become absolutely ruinous, and from that Cause Divine Service has not been performed in it for upwards of Eighteen Months past. That various Surveys have been made by Builders of Eminence, who have reported the Church to be in a dangerous State, and declared their Opinion of the Necessity of , a general Repair, or of its being partly taken down and

re-built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Martin Outwich, in 77 ircadneedle Street, within the City of London: And that Mr. Alderman Lushington and Mr. Alderman Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Carmarthen A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the ^tore Gaol of the County of and in the Gaol

of the County of the Borough of the same, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Swale'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate Bril, for vesting the Estates, in the County of Cambridge, devised by John Swale, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold at the same Time with certain Estates of John Swale, Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the first-mentioned Estates in discharging Legacies, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wilkinson's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill, for vesting the Real Estates, devised by the Will of nad' John Wilkinson, late of Whitby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, or a sufficient Part thereof, in Discharge of his Debts

Vo L. 31.

affecting the same Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for placing out at Interest "the Residue thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, upofi the Trusts declared by the said Will of such Real Estate, was read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, made in Bill to amend this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Booties*

" for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the 0nWheat,&c.

" Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, passed.

" Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in " British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, made in this present |

Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing |

" Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation " into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour,

" dianCom, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships,

" or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the " Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home " Consumption."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. The Lord* Smith: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Leacroft'* effectuating a Partition of the Estates of Thomas Lea- Partition Bill. , croft, Esquire, and John Leacroft, Gentleman, in the Lordship or Liberty of Litchurch, in the County of Derby; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Newnham's enable Trustees to convey Part of the settled Estates Ex

of John Newnham, Esquire, deceased, in the County ch^ige BilL* of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelley, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and Lands in the same County; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Farrer's Di-dissolve the Marriage of Henry Farrcr, Esquire, with vorceBl11* Mary Goldsmith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, j

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Leuven'* > naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven; to which the Nat> Bl11, Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Neutral Ships indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence {,"f.emiVty; of Orders in Council, issued since the 2 2d Day of Bl ,or erP ' November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, re*

to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Par- Dutch Pro-liament, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual perty. ' " His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth *' and Twenty-first Days of January One Thousand " Seven Hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the " Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this Country to be warehoused, and for indemnifying all Persons who have " acted in Consequence of such Orders and also of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

7 D intituled,

Orders in Council for admitting Cargoes of certain Neutral Ships to Entry, referred.

Proceedings of the Court Martial on Mr. Caw-thorne, presented.

562 8 ° Aprilis*Ax 1796.

intituled, "An Act to make further Prevision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to 4t take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council " of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and " to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects " detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of an Order in Council for admitting the Cargo of the Neutral Ship Parkman to Entry, dated 27th June 1795 — to which is annexed, a List of the Neutral Vessels admitted to Entry under similar Orders during the Continuance of the Provisions contained in the Thirty-ninth Clause of the Dutch Property Act, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Order in Council for admitting the Cargo of the Neutral Ship Rebecca to Entry, dated the 28th November 1795 — to which is annexed, a List of Neutral Vessels admitted to Entry under similar Orders subsequent to the Expiration of the Powers contained in the Thirty-ninth Clause of the Dutch Property Act, up to the 27th of lebruary 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Order in Council for admitting the Cargo of the Neutral Ship to

Entry, in which Order there is a Provision for the Admission of Cotton free of Duty, dated 3d March 1796 — to which is annexed, a List of Neutral Vessels admitted to Entry under similar Orders, up to the 4th of April 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Morgan presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Copy of the Proceedings of a Court Martial holden for the Trial of John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, Colonel of the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia.

And the Title of the Book, containing the Copy of the said Proceedings, was read.

And the said Proceedings were also read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That such a Number of Copies of the Articles of Charge exhibited against the said John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, with the Opinion and Sentence of the Court Martial thereupon, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Articles of Charge exhibited against the said John Fenton " thome, Esquire, with the Opinion and Sentence of " the Court Martial thereupon," and inserting the Words "Whole of the said Proceedings" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Whole of the said Proceedings " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so'amended, being put;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Whole of the said Proceedings be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said' Book is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

A Motion' bang made, That the Report which, upon the 17th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braun-ston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and " amending several of the Laws now in being relative " thereto."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Graziers, Breeders of Sheep, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the County of Leicester, and in the adjacent Counties, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects in that Part of the Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, not exceeding Three Shillings per Annum, be imposed on each Dog of every Description.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Dent, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wilberforce, Sir Robert Salusbury, and Mr. Buxton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies now due for Off-reckonings to the several Colonels, or Commanding Officers, of His Majesty's Regiments of Regular, Fencible, or Militia Forces; distinguishing the Periods for which such Offreckonings are respectively due.

Ordered,

Bill for amending the Warwick and Brauns ton Canal Act, re-committed.

Committee to sit Tomorrow.

Committee on Bill to amend

Scotch Game Act.

Report Resolution for a Tax on Doge.

Accounts ordered.

Monies due for Offreckonings.

ic

36 G.Eft. III.

8# — 11°ApriUs.

563

*«"* pud Ordered That there bte laid, before this Mouse, an Account of all Monies which remained due on the nctonmp. same' Account on the 1st of January last, and which haveaince been paid; with an Account of the Grants out of which such Payments have been made.

Amutdue Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an t» Office*. Account of all Arrears now due to the Officers of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of His Majesty's Regular, Fencible, and Militia Forces, distinguishing the Periods for which such Arrears are respectively due; also, an Account of such Arrears as have been discharged since the 1st of January last, distinguishing the Periods for which such Arrears were due, and the' Grants out of - which they have been so discharged.

i Pay due to Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

General and Account of all' Pay, or Arrears of Pay, now due to the Staff Officer*. General and Staff Officers of His Majesty's Forces, stating the Periods for which the same are respectively ffue:

Font Jan. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an lMt, and«iacfl Account of all Pay, or Arrears of Pay, which were ^&rged* due to the General and Staff Officers of His Majesty's Forces on. the 1st of last, and which have

since been discharged; together with- an Account of the Grants out of which they have been so discharged.

Pay due to Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ic'd^Forts Account of all Pay, and Arrears of Pay, now due to and Gam- t^e several Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and

sun*. other Officers of His Majesty's Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, and Parts beyond the Seas, stating the Periods for which the same are respectively due.

D*on i Jan. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an last, and since Account of all Pay, and Arrears of Pay, which were discharged. due tQ sever£j Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and other Officers of His Majesty's Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, and Parts beyond the Seas, which were due on the 1st of January last, and which have since been discharged; together with an Account I of the Grants out of which they have been so discharged.

Exchequer Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an bilk issued Account of the Exchequer Bills issued on the Vote of reditfor Credit granted for the Service of the Year 1796, with

1796. the Expence attending the same, and distinguishing the

Amount issued to discharge Arrears due on the 1 st of December 1795.

Re-commit- Mr. Charles Townshend, according to Order, reported , ted Bill for from the Committee of the whole House, to whom SecutiOT^ PHI for the more effectual Execution of several of Election Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of contro-Acts, re- verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was re-committed, the Amendments which j the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they

| had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be ! then ingrossed.

Motion for & The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committee to Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Maj«ly* "fotuled, " An Act for enabling His Mature of Money " jesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His

in Barracks. " Civil List Revenues; and for preventing foe same

j " from being in Arrear for foe future, by regulating

" foe Mode of Payments out of foe said Revenues, " and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices 1 VOL. 51.

" therein mentioned, which are now paid out of foe " Revenues of foe Civil List," mi^t be read.

And foe same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be referred to a Committee, to examine into foe Expenditure of Public Money in the Construction and furnishing of Barracks since foe Year 1790; as also to investigate by what Authority such an Expence, amounting to upwards of One Million Sterling, has been incurred, and to report to this House, together with foe Opinion of foe Committee, upon these Subjects;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Sheridan,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Bar-List of the Barrack Masters, distinguishing such as raakMaatere, are Officers on Half Pay, or who have served in foe ordere<1' Army or Navy.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is King's Con-concerned in the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to "nt Bl11 George Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, Lands t^Mr. in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and In- FinchHatton. terest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon foe Lawn of Benefield and foe Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom foe same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted foe House, That His Majesty, having been informed of foe Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, d«-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole terred. House, to consider further of foe Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Ways and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ^erre<1, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of foe Clock.

Luna, 11* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III‘il Regis, 1796.

Praters.

MR. Hobart reported from foe Committee, to whom Weston Infoe Bill for dividing and inclosing foe Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste reported' Grounds, within foe Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that foe Committee had examined the Allegations of foe Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that foe Parties concerned had given foe Consent to the Bill, to foe Satisfaction of foe Committee;

Sir John Sheffield's Estate Bill, reported, and ^passed.

Leacroft's

Partition Bill,

read.

Farrer's Divorce Bill, rend.

Sharrington

Inclosure Bill,

committed.

Bill for a Grant of Lands to Mr. FinchHatton, passed.

564 11° Aprilis.A. 1796.

tee; and that the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Teaements, and Hereditaments, situate within ley, Eccup, and Haretvood, in the West Riding of the County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir John

Sheffield, Baronet) in Edward Lascelles the Elder, Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, discharged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and Trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Eccup, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, Cookcridge, East Breary, and IV in the said County of York, and also, divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the Elder, and Edward Lascelles the Younger, of much greater Value, in Lieu thereof, and by Way of Exchange, to the like Uses, Entail, and Trusts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating a Partition of the Estates of Thomas Leacrofl, Esquire, and John Leacrojt, Gentleman, in the Lordship or Liberty of Lite),in the County of Derby, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Farrer, Esquire, with Mary Goldsmith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the Parish of Sharrington, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George

Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and " Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, " Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and

" Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and " of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of " Cambridgeand for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Commons, and Waste Grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the several " Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, ceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of " Ely, and County of Cambridge and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Wil/erby, in the County of the Towrn of Kingston upon Hull, and within that Part of Wil/erby, which lies in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Ella, Kirk Ella, and Wilier by, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that Part of,

which lies in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Foyle, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis Annesley, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick

and

Ramsey Inclosure and Drainage, &c. Bill, passed*

West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby Inclosure Bill, passed.

Leuven'sNat. Bill, read.

Hampton Poyle Inclosure Bill, committed.

Re-committed Bill for amending the Warwick and

36 Geo. III.. 11° Aprilis.

Bramton and Braunstm Canal Navigation to vary the Course of Canal Act, a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and reported. altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the [ Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Million Bank Bill,; presented.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dissolving a certain Partnership Society or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St Martin's Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, ac-Church Bill cort^ngto Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church presented. ' of Saint Martin Outwich, in Street, within the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ellesmere An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed rion*Bin*V'a* *n ^ie Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present (fromFranck- Majesty,.intituled, "An Act for making and maintain-ton Common) " ing a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at passed. " Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Common to

Sherryman's Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was read the Third Time

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. ult. To leave out " for that Purpose."

Pr. 29. Li. At the End of the Line to add or " by this Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn " at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherry mans Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to com- An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors plet* the Leo- of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and com-

mmste^anal P*ete the same, was read the Third Time.

°n' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Vol. 51.

the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Gringley Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, ?P°"the *[i{J within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the County *

of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pier-repont, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within certain Own-the Township of Secroft and Parish of Whitkirk, in ®s^^ates the County of York, was presented to the House, and against Bar-read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and in- wick in El-closing the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and mer Inclosure Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bancickin Elmet, Bill' in the County of York; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners claim and conceive themselves entitled to Right of Common on certain Commons intended by the said Bill to be inclosed, for which Right no Compensation is provided, and that the said Bill is in this and other Respects prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against such Parts of the Bill as may affect them, that Clauses proper for securing and compensating their Rights maybe inserted therein, and that it may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Stepney Po-

whom the Petition of Jonathan Eade, of Stoke hce Petition,

ton, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Lord of the rePortetl-Manor of Stepney, in the said County, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants within the said Manor, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Dixon, Reeve of the said Manor, being examined, said, That the Manor of Stepney is very extensive and populous, and that such of the Streets, and other public Passages within the said Manor, as are not included under any particular Act of Parliament for paving and regulating, are not paved, or very ill paved and repaired, and are greatly obstructed, and rendered incommodious, by various Nuisances and Annoyances, and divers Offences are frequently committed therein: Then,

John Bowles, Esquire, Steward of the said Manor, being examined, said, That the above Inconveniences are, in a great Measure, owing to the Want of sufficient Powers being lodged in the Court Leet of and belonging to the said Manor, and in the Steward of the said Court, to compel proper Persons to take on them the Office of Jurymen in the Court Leet; and also to the

7 E Want

Stoke Roeh-ford Inclosure Bill, presented.

Member added to bring in Cais-for Inclosure Bill.

Caistor In-rlnsure Bill, presented

London Docks, <S:c. Bill, deferred.

Petitions in favo it of the Bill to prevent Frauds in weighing, 6c c.of Butler

566 11° Aprilis1796.

Want of an easy and effectual Method of levying and recovering the Amerciaments set and imposed by such Jury. — And he further said, That great Frauds and Abuses are committed within the said Manor by the Use of false Weights and Measures, which the present Powers of the said Court Leet are not competent to detect, prevent, or remedy; and that it would greatly tend to the Safety, Advantage, and Accommodation of all Persons residing within the said Manor, or such Parts thereof as aforesaid, and be of Public Utility, if sufficient Powers were given to the Lord of the said Manor, to enforce the Attendance of proper Persons on the Leet Jury within the said Manor, and if sufficient Powers were also given to the said Court Leet to levy and recover the Fines or Amerciaments that might he set or imposed on all Persons neglecting to pave or repair the Pavement they are by Law required to make or repair, and on all Persons committing any other Offences, and to punish Persons using false Weights and Measures within the said Manor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to compel the Attendance of proper Persons on the Leet Jury, within the Manor of Sotherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better paving and repairing such of the Streets, Rows, Lancs, Alleys, and other public Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Manor, as are not included in former Acts of Parliament, and for more effectually removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, Encroachments, and other Offences, and for remedying Frauds and Abuses in Weights and Measures within the said Manor: And that Mr. Maimvariand Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of North Sloke and South otherwise Sloke Rockford, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Lawrence, Esquire, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or interested in, the Estates within the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation und Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant April.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Cheesemongers and Dealers

T 7 c ©

in Butter, resident in and near the City of London: And also.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Cheesemongers and Dealers in Butter, resident in the City of Bristol, and the Country adjacent.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent the committing of Frauds and Abuses in the weighing, packing, and selling of Butter: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to prevent the committing of Frauds and Abuses in the weighing, packing, and selling of Butter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being " relative thereto," w'as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting " the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the " said Orders into the Ports of this Country to be " warehoused, and for indemnifying all Persons who " have acted in Consequence of such Ordersand also, of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this " Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first " Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-five, and to provide for the Disposal of other " Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the " Ports of this Kingdom," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

which

Bill to prevent Frauds in weighing, &c. of Butter, committed.

Bill to amend Scotch Game Act, reported.

Bill for more effectual Execution of Election Acts, passed.

Report from Committee on Acts respecting Dutch Property.

36 Geo. III.

11° April,s.

567

Committee on re-committed Bill for better Re-, gulation of Mills.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for making Scarborough (in Tobago) a free Port.

Rock Salt Indemnity, &c. Bill.

American Trade Bill.

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, as have been admitted to Entry, by Orders in Council, since the Expiration of the last of the said Acts, should be considered as entitled to take the Benefit of the same, and of the Orders in Council of the 16th and 2ist Days of January 1795, and be subject to the same Duties, and entitled to the same Drawbacks, as if such Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, had been admitted to Entry during the Continuance of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it may be proper to permit all Ships and Vessels described in the said Acts, and also certain other Ships and Vessels belonging to Persons in Amity with His Majesty, to come to any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as if they had been entitled to take the Benefit of the said Acts, and of the said Orders in Council of the 16th and 21st Days of January 1795; and that the Cargoes of such Ships and Vessels should be subject to the Duties, and entitled to the Drawbacks therein mentioned, except in Cases wherein any of the said Duties or Drawbacks have been altered by any Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 2 2d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of Mills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the.Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council, respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same

Vol. 51.

Bill to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons.

Amendment to Barrett's Exchange Bill.

The Lords have passed Jones's Divorce Bill.

Fawkes's Estate Bill.

relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Ickham, in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Brook Jones, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, apd to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Walter Fawkes, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of Manors, or other Hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with, the Mansion House at Farnley Hall, and the Bulk of the settled Estates, to the like Uses as such detached Parts stand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing Arrears of out at Lady Day 1796, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That Leave be giveti to bring in a Bill for the better Bill better Regulation and Improvement of the State and Condition of Negro and other Slaves, in the Islands, west Indies, Colonies, or Plantations in the West Indies or America, &c. under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs, or Nes-Successors;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Copiesof Act* Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies [°onof slaves of the several Acts for the Regulation of Slaves, which transmitted have been transmitted from any of His Majesty's Colo- since 1788. nies in the West Indies, for the Approbation of His Majesty, since the Year 1788.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Billforredua-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l"*° ®ne House, upon the Bill for amending, and reducing into don Militia" One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in Acts, defer-the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign red. of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

568 11° — 12° Apri/is. A. 1796.

Ways and

Means,

deferred.

Rcsolvtd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mari is, 12° die;

Anno 36* Georgii III'1' Regis, 1796.

Newnham's and Sir John Shelley's Exchange Bill, read.

Jones's Divorce Bill, read.

Lyth Rectory Bi'l, reported.

Swale's Estate Bill, committed.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to convey Part of the settled Estates of John Nexcn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelley, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and Lands in the same County, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Jones, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 15. 1. 26.Leave out from " That " to " the " in 1. 28.

1. 30. Leave out from " the " to "said," in 1. 31.

Pr. 16. 1. 6. Leave out " such " and insert

" that the " and leave out from " Residue" to " be," in 1. 7. and insert " of the said Sum of " Eleven thousand Pounds, after " paying such Costs, Charges, " and Expences, as are herein-"after mentioned, shall."

Pr. 17. 1. 13. Leave out " or ascertaining" and insert " and paying."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Cambridge, devised by John Swale, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold

at the same Time with certain Estates of John Swale, Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the first-mentioned Estates in discharging Legacies, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wilkinson'* for vesting the Real Estates, devised by the Will of ^suite Bill, John Wilkinson, late of Whitby, in the County of York, conum Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, or a sufficient Part thereof, in Discharge of his Debts affecting the same Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for placing out at Interest the Residue thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, upon the Trusts declared by the said Will of such Real Estate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Captain Berkeley, tec.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Barnwood, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and inter-mixed Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several mitted.

Par ishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode,

Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of Wottonall in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at 27/. io$. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at 59/. 19 s. who could not be met with; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at 6601. 16s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, and Inha- Petition from bitants Householders, within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, i,eave to prein the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, seutaPetition and the several other Owners of Estates, and Inhabitant respecting the Householders, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Salt for the Salt Office was, from the Year 1703 until the Year 1789, Office, held and exercised within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers for the Management of the Salt Duties, were, during that Period, constantly assessed to the Land Tax to the said Parish, and the Petitioners are informed that the said Office has been removed to Somerset Place, wRich is situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, and, if the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, should not be assessed within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, it will necessarily lay a very heavy Burthen upon the Petitioners and all other Persons having Estates or inhabiting Houses within the said Parish: That the Commissioners, for carrying

36 Geo. III. 1 % ° Aprilis.569

into Execution the Land Tax Act within the Dutchy Liberty aforesaid, have, from the Removal of the said Office from Saint Martin in the Fields to Somerset Place, constantly assessed the said Commissioners of Salt and their Officers for their Salaries, which, the Petitioners have very lately been informed, is conformable to the Land Tax Act; and the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Land Tax Act within the said Parish of Saint Martin have, during the same Period, constantly assessed the said Commissioners and their Officers for their Salaries within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and the Petitioners have lately been infofmed, that the said Commissioners have, under the Advice of Counsel, paid the Assessments made upon them by the said Dutchy of Lancaster, and intend paying such Assessments as may be made on them and the other Officers in future to the said Dutchy of Lancaster; and that the Petitioners, upon being informed of the said Commissioners Intention, have also resorted to Counsel, who advise the Petitioners immediately to apply to Parliament for Relief, which could not have been done within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills: And therefore praying, in Consideration of the above-mentioned Circumstances, and the extreme Hardship of the Case, That they may be now permitted to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for assessing the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, to the Land Tax, for the said Office, within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, as they were previous to their Removal into Somerset Place, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into any other Division or Place, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular

Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants Householders, within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

Petition re- Then a Petition of several Owners of Estates, and Lu^d'T Inhabitants Householders, within the Parish of Assessment Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of for the Salt Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of Office. themselves, and the several other Owners of Estates, and Inhabitant Householders within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for assessing the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, to the Land Tax for the said Office, within the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, as they were previous to their Removal into Somerset Place, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Byng,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ellough, Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, "ve inclo. Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Bill, re- Parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise ported. Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined Vol. 51.

-the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 102/. 65. 8 d.who could not be met with; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at 64/. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the; .

Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed is assessed at,

1,158/. 10$. or thereabouts; and that no Person-appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- Hanley ln-

mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the closure Bill, Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Com- reP°ne<b monable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 45 Acres of Land, and Owners of 6 Beast Leazes, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 9 Beast Leazes, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 617 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are in the Whole 42 Beast Leazes; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered-the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the.

House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Allotment for Compensation to the Dean-and Canons.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, Great Grims-upon the 24th Day of March last, was made from the by Haven Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, deepen- miuede"C°m* ' ing, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

jF An

570

12° — 13° Aprilis.

A. 1796.

Fawkes's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill, for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates read. Qf flatter Fawkes, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of Manors, or other Hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with, the Mansion House at Farnley Hall, and the Bulk of the settled Estates, to the like Uses as such detached Parts stand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rill (or a Grant of Lands for carrying into Execution the Lancaster Canal Act, presented.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal from KirkbyKendal, in the County of

" morland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine

" of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near to or near

" War ton Gragg, and also another Navigable Branch " from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by to or near

" Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I'ctitum in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

favour of Bill thereunto subscribed, being Common Brewers in the to prevent -

stealing Pew-

to pi event Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of

ter Puts.

Southwark, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying of Pewter Pots, or other vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Twyford In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosure Bill, closing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other passed. Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Neutral Ships Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Indemnity Order, a Bill to indemnify all Persons who have acted

Hill, pre- in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the

senUiJ' 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

give Directions, that there be laid before this House, pursuant to an Account of all Sums of Money which have been Addresses, issued by His Majesty's Orders, since the 4th Day of December 17 95, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Mel asses consider of permitting the Importation of Melasses from any Foreign Country or State in any Ship or Vessel consid'erefi. belonging to Great Britain, or from any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Bill for also w-Reading of the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discre- ing Costs in tion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now Cases of Mis-is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for s^ommd-allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Wit- ted. nesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ilen-niker Major, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Committee and consider all the Temporary Laws whatever of a appointed to Public Nature, which are expired, or expiring; and to report to the House, a Statement of all such expired piring Laws. Laws, as shall appear to them to have been made upon Occasions, whereof the like may recur hereafter, and also, a Statement of all the expiring Laws of every Sort w hatever of a Public Nature; describing each Statute by its principal Matter, Date, Chapter, Section, and Title; and distinguishing the Duration of such as are expiring; together with the Observations of the said Committee, arising out of the several Matters referred to them:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Abbot, Mr.

Serjeant Adair, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Powys, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Hawkins

Browne, Sir AdamFergusson, the Master of the Rolls:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Report respecting the Sale of Corn thy \Veight, referred to Committee on high Price of Corn.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 18th Day of March last, was made from the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present high Price of Corn, and to collect Evidence relative thereto, and to report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Money issued Majesty> That He will be graciously pleased to

Mercurii, 13° die Aprilis;

Anno 36° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

P R AYERS.

\N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An I.yth Rectory-Act for vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, Bltl> for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bid, with tire Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr- Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

agreed

36 Geo. III. 13° .

agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Member ad- Ordered, That Mr Lbe added to the Gentle-W to bring men wj*o are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a "rlo9ureSt°n pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Ml. Honourable Andrew Fole the Survivor of the Devisees

m Trust of Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, the Honourable Edward Foley, Richard Cope Hop ton, and James Poole, Esquires, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Owners and Proprietors of the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Hereford.

Tarrington Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Bill^re6 Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

‘fflt'ed!* Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of

Tarrington, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ellough, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Wnrlingham, Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, Cove'lncki- w't^n ^ie Parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, jure Bill, otherwise Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter,

psed. otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cotx, in the County of Suffolk, w as read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 20. After " Means" to insert " for the "Use and Benefit of the Poor of " the said Parishes."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bamwood, Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to &c. Inclo- whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, miuM BU* Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and inter-reported. ' mixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barmcood, Matson, Saint Maty de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of all in the County of

Gloucester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scredington Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Incknure whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bill/epoited. pjejcjS) Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, Vox. 51.

[prills. 57 i

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which the}' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, Whitfield to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Whitfield, in 1 the County of Northampton, was committed.; That

the Committee had examined, and found that tire Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; it not having been determined to apply to Parliament till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; but, that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments w ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and The Lords Mr. Ol d: 1 have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for a Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of Grunt of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in.Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining morland. in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay Fermes and Shortwood, and in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for a Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Grant of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the 1 >e

Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Exeter. Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Westhay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Morwelllmm Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Quay and Morwellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the ^avWtion. County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish n;u ' of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Barrington Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open jj{j0Sur* Fields; Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

& - The

Ridgemont

Inclosure Bill.

Houghton . Regis Inclosure Bill.

Feilitzsch's Nat. Bill.

Maulden Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed

Hamond's Estate Bill.

Sir E. Vaughan Afansell's Estate Bill.

Powell's Partition Bill.

Hanley Inclosure Bill, passed.

572 13° Aprilis. A. 1796.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest Baron de Feilitxsch; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant Leases of Part of the said

Estates for the Purpose of Building; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Real Estate late of Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Carmarthen, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money, to arise from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mortgages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such Real Estate, and also for enabling such Trustees to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams, of Coal, lying under the Residue of such Real Estate, in such Manner, and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Partition and Division of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will of William Powell, Esquire, deceased, and now held in undivided Moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition, are respectively allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in Lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and subject to the several Charges and Incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided Moities respectively; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 35. To leave out from " Fields" to the End of the Line in Pr. 3.

Pr. 4. 1. 17. After " and " to insert " extinguishing the Right of Pasturage upon " and to leave out " Pasture."

Pr. 8. 1. 38. To leave out from " whatsoever " to " And," in Pr. 9. 1. 25.

Pr. 16. 1. 5- To leave out from " Rights" to " or," in 1. 8.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Arable Fields, and extinguishing the Right of Pasturage upon a Piece of Land called Close, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'3 Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Subscribers thereto, being Merchants and Ship Owners in the City of Bristol, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Administration of the " Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the " Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near " the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention " of Felonies," be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Cutting Retail Butchers of London, the

Borough of Southwark, and the Places adjacent thereto, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill to indemnify all Persons, who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Swansea Lighthouse Bill, committed.

Petition from Bristol, referred.

Middlesex Justices Billy deferred.

Cutting Retail Butcher's Petition, referred to a Committee.

Neutral Ships Indemnity Bill, committed.

36 Geo. III. 13° Aprilis. 573

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Scotch Game Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Act, passe . intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preserva-

" tion of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland; and for repealing and amending several " of the Laws now in being relative thereto," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; " and for repealing and amending several of the Laws " now in being relative thereto."

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lincoln Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

Poor Bill, Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment

presented. of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House taticmoT* to re80^ve *^se^ into a Committee of the whole House, Melasses to consider of permitting the Importation of Melasses from Neutral from any Foreign Country or State in any Ship or State*. Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or from any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Great Grims- Mr. Dudley North reported from the Committee, to by Haven whom the Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, Bill°re mrted^ altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and ' ' Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was

re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Accounts Table, ordered.

Money issued Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an to Mr. Account of the Monies which have been issued to Campbell, for Duncan Campbell, Esquire, since the 4th Day of Cwvkto!°g December 1795, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

D# to Mr. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bradley, for Account of the Monies which have been issued to D* James Bradley, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December

1795, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Vol. 51.-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men destined for the Expedition to the West Indies, under Sir Charles Grey, at the Close of the Year 1793;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant April*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Contract or Contracts, entered into betwixt the Transport Board and the Owners of various East India Ships, for carrying Troops to the West Indies, in the Months of August, September, or October, last.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases, with Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter written by Le Comte de Sombreuil to the Right honourable the Secretary at War, dated from Portsmouth or Plymouth in June 1795;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying, of Pewter Pots, or other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {: } 31 '

TeHers for the Noes, f£f. } 9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

7 G

Debate on

Motion for Account of Men destine* for the Expe dition under Sir C. Grey, adjourned.

Copy of Contracts for carrying Troops to the West Indies, ordered.

The Lords have agreed to

North Level

Drainage

Bill.

Bill to amend the Glamorganshire Canal Act, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Vicar of Blackburn's Leases Bill.

Motion for Copy of a Letter from Le Comte do Sombreuil.

Other Order* of the Day read.

Proceedings on Bill to prevent steal ing Pewter Pots.

574.

Sir E. Vaughan Mansell's Estate Bill, read.

Powell's

Partition Bill, read.

Hamond's Estate Bill, read.

Weston Inclosure Bill, passed.

Macclesfield and Congle-ton Road Bill, passed.

Petition respecting the Land Tax Assessment

14° Aprilk. A. 1796.

Jovis, 14° die; Anno 36° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1796. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Real Estate late of Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Carmarthen, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money to arise from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mortgages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such Real Estate, and also for enabling such Trustees to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams of Coal, lying under the Residue of such Real Estate, in such Manner, and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Partition and Division of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will of William Powell, Esquire, deceased, and now held in undivided Moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition, are respectively allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and subject to the several Charges and Incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided Moieties respectively, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant Leases of Part, of the said Estates for the Purpose of Building, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to C,all in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Maimcaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants Householders, within the Parish of

Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty for the Salt of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, on Behan Office, re-of themselves, and the several other Owners of Estates, Ported> "*d and Inhabitant Householders, within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them,' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Vicar of enable the Vicar of the Parish of Blackburn, in the ®*ackb,i'8 County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases, with Ie^a ' Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n for upon the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Sprinted*16 Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed News- Votes, &c. papers, by the Post, in Great Britain, be now read. by the Post.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the deferred-Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendment An Act to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Glamorgan-Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through shire Canal a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in ^ct> aBreed the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said to‘

Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 18. After " same " insert Clause (A).

Clause (A*) " Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That nothing " in this Act contained shall " authorize or empower the said

Company

36 Geo. III. 14° Aprilis. 575

" Company of Proprietors, or " any Person or Persons acting " under their Authority, to make " or cut any Part of the said Extension without the Consent " of the said Marquis of " and Marchioness of Bute, or " the Person or Persons entitled " for the Time being to the " Land through which the said " Extension passes, testified in " Writing under their or his " Hand and Seal or Hands and " Seals, or until such Consent be " deposited with the Clerk of " the Peace for the said County, " to be kept by him amongst " the Public Records in his Custody."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Committee od high Price of Cora.

reported.

Bill for Sale of Com by Weight, Ac. ordered*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present High Price of Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that hp was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of Corn by Weight, and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of Corn by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of Corn by Weight, and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of Com by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Re-commit- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ted Bill for Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lation of68* better Regulation of Mills, was re-committed, the Mills, report- Amendments which the Committee had made to the ed. Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of diem was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that every Miller shall put up a Table of the Prices in Money, or of the Amount of Toll, for which the several Operations of his Mill are to be performed.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill One of the said Blanks with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt Mills kept by private Persons from the Regulations and Provisions of this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was, referred to consider of permitting the Importation of Melasses from any Foreign Country or State in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or from any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit the Importation of Melasses from any Country in Europe, not in the Possession of His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time, on Payment of a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence per Hundred Weight

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit the Importation of Melasses from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time, on Payment of a Duty of Three Shillings per Hundred Weight

The

Report from Committee on Importation of Melasses from Neutral States.

576

14° — 15° Apr ills.

A. 1796.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Rose, and

Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

pney ice Bill, sen ted.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to compel the Attendance of proper Persons on the Leet Jury, within the Manor of heath, otherwise Stepney, in the County of

and for the better paving and repairing such of the Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Manor, as are not included in former Acts of Parliament, and for more effectually removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, Encroachments, and other Offences, and for remedying Frauds and Abuses in Weights and Measures within the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day beiDg read; iutralShips Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Je"ul, ty ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , eeire . pjouse> Upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Aprilis;

Anno 36° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

jjournment. D E SOLVE D, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

lney and lington Injure Bill, ported.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Farrer'e Di-to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Farrer, Esquire, vorce Bill, with Mary Goldsmith his now Wife, and to enable him committed' to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leacroft's for effectuating a Partition of the Estates of Thomas Partition Bill, Leacroft, Esquire, and John Leacroft, Gentleman, in *pmmitted' the Lordship or Liberty of Litchurch, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commitee (except the Proprietor of 6 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Rights of Common, on the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, is 100, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Bill for dissolving a certain Partnership Society Million Bank or Undertaking, called the Million Bank, and for di- Bill, commit-viding the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, ted* amongst the Members thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Anderson, &c.: And they are to- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Martin's

Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the City ^twl1chR... of London, was read a Second Time. commiued. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackburne reported frorA the Committee, to ®olton in 1116 whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the reported. Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of " an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the " Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors " to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge,

" and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from " Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for " making more effectual Provision for repairing and " widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide " Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question

36 Geo. III. 15° April 577

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Funworth Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to InjureCy whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, B°iU,"reported. cert&in Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors or Lordships of Famworth and , in the Parish

of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Acre of Land, and Two Cottagers, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of about 300 Acres, and there are about 15 Cottagers; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, gnd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Barnwood, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-t^ie Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable ,p ' and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barmiood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of ,all in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leuven'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Nat. Bill, fot* naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven, was read

committed. c , rr- ° a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Answer to Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That Address. their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Re-commit- Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, on Petition *° w^om the Report was re-committed, which was respecting the made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Land Tax As- several Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants House-Vol. 61.

holders, within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, segment for within the City and Liberty of , in the the Salt

County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and re' the several other Owners of Estates, and Inhabitant por Householders, within the said Parish, was referred;

That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Hewlett, Collector of the Land Tax in the said Parish, being examined, said, That the Salt Office was from 1703 to 1789 exercised within the said Parish, and the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers for the Management of the Salt Duties were, during that Period, constantly assessed to the Land Tax to the said Parish; that the said Office has been removed to Somerset Place, within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, and if the said Office should not be assessed within the said Parish a heavy Burthen will be laid on the Inhabitants: That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Dutchy Liberty have, since the Removal of the Office, assessed it, as also have the Commissioners for Saint Martins, but whose Assessments have been returned in super.

Matthexo Chessall, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the Commissioners of the Salt Office have, since their Removal, paid the Assessments made upon them by the Dutchy of Lancaster.

Frederick Booth, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and the Dutchy of Lancaster, have agreed that a Moiety of the Land Tax to be assessed upon the Salaries of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers for the Management of the Salt Duties within the said Parish of Saint Martin, shall be paid to the Collectors of the Land Tax of the said Liberty of the Dutchy: And also the Whole of the Land Tax for all additional Commissioners,

Clerks, and other Officers of the Salt Duties which shall or may be hereafter created.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilmot reported from the Committee, to whom Madden's and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LwUe's, &c. for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates, in the E*tate^lll» County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden, 'an

Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Leslie v the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their own Rights, and to Samuel Pipe JVolferstan, Esquire, and John Moore, Clerk, as Trustees under the Wills of Alicea Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel,

Spinsters, both deceased, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

7 H Mr.

578 15° April

enton and Mr. Picrrepont presented to the House, according

osureVill" to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forest, -etented. ' Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

toke Roch- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ,rd 1"c.!°- Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within immitted. the Parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Vyner, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

icredington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the IssedUreBl1' Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 38. To leave out from " appoint" to " Provided," in Pr. 36. 1. 13.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'.uddingtevn Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according md Gar- to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, a!rePBil]nCl°" the ®Pen Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Presented. Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Town-Ships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Caistor Inclo- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the »ure Bill, Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and commuted. such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Duties thereby granted, which still remains due. That the Piers of the said Harbour have been for some Time past repairing, and considerable further Repairs and Improvements are wanting to render the same more extensively useful, and the Entrance thereto more safe and easy, but which cannot be done without a further Continuation of the Duty on Coals.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Duncombe reported from the Committee, Hambleton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure Bill, Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other reported-Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hambleton, in the Parish of Bray ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Whitfield In-tain Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of P88*1, Whitfield, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Whitfield, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ->

Whitby Piers Mr. Henry Duncombe reported from the Committee, md Harbour to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for ^orted"' execut'ng certain Acts, passed for the re-building, repairing, and improving, the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts for re-building, repairing, enlarging, and improving the said Piers and Harbour, were read: And,

Mr. Francis Gibson being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Acts, a considerable Sum of

a.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Petition from alty of the Borough of Hertford, was presented to the Corpora-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation against" of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the London River Thames, is an ancient Navigation, and has long Dock*, See. been of the greatest Service to the Inhabitants of the Borough of Hertford and the Neighbourhood, in conveying Malt, Flour, and Timber, to the River Thames, and bringing back Coals and other Goods and Merchandize, to the great Support and Advantage of the Petitioners and others in their Ways of Trade and Business; and that the Petitioners perceiving, from the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been lately brought ih for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said

Docks

36 Geo. III.

15" A prills.

579

Petition from the Cornwall Agricultural Society, &e. in favour of a General Inclosure Bill.

Docks in JVupping; and understanding that such Canal is intended to intersect and cross the Navigation of the River Lee between Bromley and Limehouse, have Reason

to fear that the necessary Works to be constructed for that Purpose will unavoidably impede the Navigators in passing the said Navigation to Limehouse, so much as to Tender the same almost useless to the Petitioners, and to the populous Country in their Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition and Representation of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Members of the Cornwall Agricultural Society, and other Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, convinced that the Prosperity of this Kingdom depends principally upon the flourishing State of its Agriculture, and understanding that the Produce of Grain, although formerly fully equal to the Consumption of the Country, has, of late Years, from a Variety of Causes, become very inadequate thereto, beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Welfare of the Country may be greatly advanced, and a Remedy applied to the Grievance of an excessive Consumption, by an Attention to the Cultivation and Improvement of the large Tracts of Waste Lands throughout this Kingdom; and the Petitioners therefore desire to express their Persuasion, that the readiest Means of obtaining that Object will be by passing a general Inclosure Bill, and they further beg Leave to observe, that the County of Cornwall is peculiarly interested, both in the general Object (an Inclosure of Waste Lands) and also in that Mode of carrying it into execution, because it has larger Tracts of Waste Lands in proportion to its Extent, capable of Improvement, than are to be found 4n most other Counties, and because Property is usually so minutely divided as to preclude any Application for private inclosure Bills, from the Expence and Trouble of procuring the m: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to adopt such speedy Measures as the Wisdom of the House may suggest, for carrying the Object of the Petitioners into Effect.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendments Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, 'Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ' Maulden, in the County of Beds ord.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

to Maulden inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Pr. 38. 1. 30. After " Homesteads" insert " Gardens."

Pr. 42. I.18. After " no" insert " or not sufflcient"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverurie) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Moorsom, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth , and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in;

' and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Fisher also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, since the 4th Day of December 1795, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

The Lords have agreed to

Aberdeen Canal Bill.

The Lords have passed

Moorsom s Divorce Bill.

Accounts

presented.

Money issued to Mr. Campbell, for maintaining Convicts.

D° to Mr. Bradley for D°.

Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Five thousand Six hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1796,

James Fisher.

Vo i. 51.

To

580

35* Aprilis.

A. 1796

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have teen issued to James Bradley, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in and Portsmouth Harbours,

.and -which have not teen made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 17g5, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Seven thousand Eight hundred Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1796.

James

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

A11 ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, since the 4th Day of December 1795> pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be applied to the Payment of Pensions to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissensions in America - -

To him more, to pay Bills drawn by Senhouse Wilson, Esquire, for Materials for the Repair of the Pier and Lighthouse at Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Man -

£. s. d.

5,500 ——

*,384 5 —

To George Brown, Esquire, for the Expence attending Surveys of the intended Military Roads in the County of Sutherland, in the Year 1794 ——

601 1 —

7»485 6

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1796.

James Fisher.

Petition,

reported.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Croydon and Mr. Jolliffe reported from the Committee, to whom Godston*, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are &c. Roads thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Croydon, Beddington, Coulsdon, Chipsted, Merstham, Gatton, Reigate, Nuffield, Bletcand Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William John Jolliffe, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Highways leading from a Place called Purley Corner, on the Turnpike Road from London to Lewes, in the Parish of Croydon, to the Turnpike Road

in the Town of Reigate, and also from a Place near a Public House called The Black Horse, on the Turnpike Road from London to Reigate, in the Parish of Gatton, to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Lewes, in the Town of Godstone, and from the said Turnpike Road in Godstone to the said Turnpike Road in the Town of Reigate, are in a ruinous and incommodious State, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and altered by the ordinary Course of Law: And the Witness added, That it will be of public Convenience if certain Foot Paths and Roads, at present communicating with the said Highways, were altered or discontinued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and keeping in Repair, the Roads or Highways, leading from the Turnpike Road at Purley Comer, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, through Part of the several Parishes of Croydon, Beddington, Coulsdon, Chipsted, Merstham, Gatton, and Reigate, in the said County, into the Town of Reigate, and also, from a Place in the Road leading from Croydon to Merstham, near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Star, in the Parish of Chipsted, by Chipsted Church, through Part

of

36 Geo. III. 15° — 18° Aprilis. 581

of the Parishes of Chipsted and (ration, to a Place on the Turnpike Road, leading from London to near a Public House, known by the Sign of The black Horse, in the Parish of Gatton, and also, from a Place known by the Name of The Cross near the Brick

Kilns, in the Parish of through Part of the

Parishes of Merstham, Gatton, Nutfield, and

Godstone, to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Lezi'es, in the said Parish of Gods lone, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Reigate, and for diverting, altering, and discontinuing, sundry Foot Paths, and Roads, within the Parishes of Chipsted, Merstham, and Gatton, communicating with the said Highways: And that Mr. Jolliffe and Mr. Ladbroke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Dog Tax Bill Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to

presented. Order, a Bill for the better Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, against the Evils arising from the Increase of Dogs, by subjecting Persons keeping or having such Dogs to a Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Middlesex Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Justices Bill Reading of the Bill for continuing and making per-committed, petual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Administration of the Office of a " Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of " Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

| Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for re- The Order of the Day being read, for the House dueing into resoive itself into a Committee of the whole

London Mi-6 House, upon the Bill for amending, and reducing litia Acts into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed deferred. in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

fared. Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Means de- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

j m ' whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Neutral Ships Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

indemnity Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Bill deferred. wjj0|e House, upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 23d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders

Vol. 51.

in Council for the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Monday. Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 18* die Aprilis Anno 36* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1796.

Pkayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Tilney and closing, the Commons and Waste Lands within Islington In-the several Parishes of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint closi,^e Lawrence, and Islington, in the County of Norjolk, was passe ‘ read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 26. To leave out " Mary's, otherwise

" Long Sutton," and insert " "

instead thereof.

1. 27. To leave out " "and insert

" Cambridge" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Haroond's for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Estate Bill Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Middlesex, in Trus- commiUed-tees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant Leases of Part of the said Estates for the Purpose of Building, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Lord Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'9 Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Newnham'* Act to enable Trustees to convey Part of the set- and Sir John tied Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, deceased, in Shelley'* Ex-the County of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelley, Baronet, committed, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and Lands in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Lord Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Lincoln Poor Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, Bl.11 c<Jm* and County of the same City, and of the Parish of miUe ' Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies with the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Sir John Thorold, 8cc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaser's Chamber.

71 An

Jones's Divorce Bill committed.

Ufford Inclo sure Bill reported.

'icar of Uackburn's eases Bill ommitted.

ill respect-g the Land ax Assessed for the alt Office esented.

epney Po-e Bill mmitted.

582 18° Aprilis. A. 1796.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the better paving apd repairing such of the Streets, to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Brook Row's, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Ways, Passages,

Jones, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable and Places, within the said Manor, as are not included him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein in former Acts of Parliament, and for more effectually mentioned, was read a Second Time. removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Encroachments, and other Offences, and for remedying

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Frauds and Abuses in Weights and Measures within the of the whole House. said Manor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ma'm-Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve waring, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's said Bill. Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Tarrington nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Inclosure Bill Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, Tarrington, in the County of Hereford, was read a comnuUetl-if the Parties concerned think lit to be heard by Second Time.

Counsel, or produce Witnesses. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis

Annesley, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Mr. Bichins reported from the Committee, to whom this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

the Bill to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the Chamber.

Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath

Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in Ordered, That Mr. Lygon be added to the Gentle- Member add-the Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainlon, in the men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a

County of Northampton, was committed; That the Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Bill.

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons interested, had been complied with; and that the Committee had being Owners and Proprietors in the Open and Corn-examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Grounds, in the Parish of and Hamlet of

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Charlton, in and within the said Parish, in the County the Committee (except several Persons whose Pro- of Bedford.

pierty is rated to the Land Tax at 4/. 12 s.7 d.per And the House being informed that the real Names Names cor-Annum, who had been applied to, but had given no of the said Parish and Hamlet are and.rected-

decisive Answer; and that the Whole of the Property Chalton;

in the said Parish is rated to the Land Tax at the An- Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Toddington nual Sum of 204/. 18 s.3 $d;and that no Person Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open 1 "closureBilk

appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste presen e and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Grounds, in the Lordship of Toddington, and Hamlet made several Amendments thereunto, which they had , of Chalton, in the Parish of Toddington, in the County directed him to report to the House; and he read the of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the First 1 imc.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Mr. Henry Buncombe presented to the House, ac- Whitby Pier* Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the cording to Order, a Bill for further continuing the Duty and Harbour House. of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an p,re~

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen sente ' ingrossed. Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed in

the Eighth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An and i*1 the Sixth Year of the Reign of llis present Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Blackburn, in Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases, Harbour of , in the County of York: And the

with Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands same was received; and read the First Time, belonging to the said Vicarage, was read a Second Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr. Henry Buncombe presented to the House, ac- Guiseley In-Dickins, Mr. Porwys, &c.: And they are to meet this cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing closure Bill Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Prese»t«l. Chamber. Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley,

in the West Riding of the County of: And the Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according same was received; and read the First Time, to Order, a Bill for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their

Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moorsom's the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Moorsom, Gen* Divorce Bill Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, tleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth read-notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; Time.

and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Leuven's A Bill to compel the Attendance of proper Persons whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat. Bill on the Leet Jury, within the Manor of Stebunheath, An Act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven, reP°^ed and otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and for was committed; That the Committee had examined the pass '

Allegations

e

36 Geo. III.

18° Apri

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords i and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, accord- Bill for Sale

ing to Order, a Bill for the Sale of Corn by Weight, of Corn by and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of Corn, by ^eight, pre-Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

l'oweir* Partition Bill, committed.

Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell's Estate Bill, committed.

Bill for a Grant of Lands for carrying into Execution the Lancaster Canal Act, committed.

Fawkes's Estate Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for making a Partition and Division of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will

of William Powell, Esquire, deceased, and now held in

undivided Moieties, and for settling and assuring the ' specific and entire Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition, are respectively allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and subject to the several Charges and Incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided Moieties respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Lewes, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Real Estate late of Sir Edu ard Vaughan Mansell, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Carin Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money, to arise from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mortgages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such Real Estate, and also for enabling such Trustees to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams, of Coal, lying under the Residue of such Real Estate, in such Manner, and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin Lewes, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland to West " Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " also a Navigable Branch from the said intended " Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg,

" and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near,

" Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near in the said County Palatine of ," was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet -this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Walter Fawkes, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchuse of Manors, or other Hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with, the Mansion House at Farnley Hall, and the Bulk of the settled Estates, to the like Uses, as such detached Parts stand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Hobart&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Voi.. 51.

The House being informed that Mr. Whitehead, Contracts for Secretary to the Transport Board, attended at the conveying Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented. '

A Paper, intituled, " Transport Office — Contract " for Five East Itidia Ships, to convey Troops to the " West Indies, and to be employed as armed TransportsAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Transport Office — Contract " for Nine East India Ships, to convey Troops to the " West IndiesAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Transport Office — Contract " for Two East India Ships, to convey Troops to the " West Indies."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott and Mr. be added to the Committee who are appointed to in- Committee6 spect and consider all the Temporary Laws whatever of onTempo-a public Nature, which are expired, or expiring; and to raryExpiring report to the House a Statement of all such expired Laws.

Laws as shall appear to them to have been made upon Occasions, whereof the like may recur hereafter; and also, a Statement of all the expiring Laws of every Sort whatever of a public Nature; describing each Statute by its principal Matter, Date, Chapter, Section, and Title; and distinguishing the Duration of such as are expiring; together with the Observations of the said Committee, arising out of the several Matters referred to them.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Total Quantity of Wine imported into, Wmeimport-and exported from. Great Britain in the last Two Years, distinguishing each Year. dered.'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Quantity of Wine imported into, and exported from. Great Britain in the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Accounts, the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Presente<1* Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, < 1

An Account of the Total Quantity of Wine -im- Wine import-ported into, and exported from, Great Britain in the 6(1 and lastTwo Years, distinguishing each Year: And also, *

An Account of the Total Quantity iof Wine imported into, and exported from, Great Britain in the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year: . And also,

An Account of the Quantities of British Corn ex- British Com ported from Great Britain in the Years .1776 and 1777, exported, and also in the Years 17.94 and 1795, distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from whence the same were exported, and the Quantities exported from each Port:

And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Corn ex- Foreign Corn, ported from Great Britain in the Years 1776 and 1777> *xP°rted-and also in the Years 1794 and 1795, distinguishing

each

Corn exported from Scotland.

Com and Flour imported in March.

Committee on Neutral Ships Indemnity Bill.

584 18° Aprilis. A. 1796.

each Year, and the Ports from whence the same were exported, and the Quantities exported from each Port: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Corn exported from Scotland in the Years 1776 and 1777, and also in the Years 1794 and 1795, distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from whence the same were exported, and the Quantities exported from each Port: And also,

An Account of all Corn and Flour imported into this Kingdom, in the Month of March last, entitled to receive a Bounty on Importation, specifying the Ports in which the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Importers who claim the Bounty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Four last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council lor the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account* Command, presented.

An Account of Monies issued to John , Monieaissued

Esquire, Robert Banks Jenkitison, Esquire, Sir William for Relief of

Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, ^kr^amd8 Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suf- T.ni, ynf fering Clergy and Laity of France, at the Receipt of France, the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since 4th December, 1795, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, To Mr. Cot- Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His ton, for Al- Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 4th December )"'vancea to

»/ */ # American

1795, and which has not been made good by Parlia- Sufferers-ment: And also,

An Account of Money issued from His Majesty's For His Ma-Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, jesty's Ser-between the 10th of October 1795 and the 5th Day of vice Abroad. April 1796.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followed); viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Robert Banks Jenkinson, Esquire, Sir

Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since 4th December 1795* for the following Services, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Clergy of France - £. 27,000 ——

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Laity of France - 9,000 — —

To be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the Magistracy of France - 2,2.50 ——

To be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of the Land Service in France - 600 ——

£.38,850 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 18th Day of April 1796.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 4th December 1795, for the following Service, and which has not been . made good by Parliament.

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, Five thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th April 1796.

George Rose.

An

Motion for Copy of a Letter from Comte de Sombreuil.

Other Orders of the Day read.

Supply,

deferred.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Petition for Leave to pre-lent a Petition for better preventing unlawful

36 Geo. III. . 18° — 19°

*jr

Aw ACCOUNT of Money issued from His Majesty's Civil list Revenues for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the loth of October 1795 and the 5th Day of April 1796.

To His Majesty's Secretaries of State, One hundred Sixteen thousand One hundred Sixty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th of April 1796.

George Rose.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Comte Charles de Sombreuil to the Right Honourable William Windham, Secretary at War, dated the 8th of July last, on Board the John Transport, in Portsmouth Road;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Dav be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, 1'hat this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Moming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 19* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

A PETITION of the thereunder-signed Manufacturers of Paper, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Paper Makers in England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a dangerous Combination has, for some Time, existed Vol. 51.

amongst the Journeymen Paper Makers throughout Combination! this Kingdom, for enforcing a general Increase of their of Workmen Wages, preventing the Employment of North Britons, and others, who do not join in their Confederacy, and Manufactory, for other illegal Purposes; and that, from the Year 1789 to the present Period, frequent Conspiracies of this Sort have been set on Foot by the Journeymen, and the Masters have been as often obliged to submit, and so lately as the Month of April last they obtained an Advance of Wages, and they now demand a further Addition of Five Shillings per Week each Man, which (considering the Variation in the Hours of Work, as a Day and a Half's Work can be performed in Fourteen Hours) at some Mills is equal to an Advance of Seven or Eight Shillings per Week, and with which it is impossible to comply, without occasioning so considerable an Advance in the Price of Paper as would most effectually injure the Exportation of that Article to Foreign Parts, and otherwise materially affect the Manufacture; and that in Support of the said Combination (notwithstanding the y complain of the Insufficiency of their Wages) the Journeymen have established a general Fund, and raised Subscriptions, and so regular and connected is their System, that their Demands are made by all the Workmen at some one particular Mill, and, in case of Non-compliance, that Mill is wholly deserted by the Men, the other Journeymen are prohibited from applying for Work at that Mill till the Master is brought to Compliance, and the;

Men who have thus thrown themselves out of Employ receive Support from their general Fund: That the only Method of punishing such Delinquents, under the present Laws (as a Magistrate has no Power of Commitment in Cases of Conspiracy) is to prefer an Indictment at the Sessions or Assizes after the Offence, but before that Time arrives the Offenders are usually separated, and removed into different and remote Parts of the Country, so that, even if their Places of Residence should be discovered, it would be at least Nine or Twelve Months before they could be brought to Trial, and the Expence of apprehending and bringing them by Habeas to the County where the Offence was committed is so enormous to the Manufacturer, whose Business has been so stopped by the Desertion of the Men, that (aware of those Difficulties) the Journey- j

men carry on their Combinations with Boldness and Impunity; and that, in Consequence of these Proceedings, it became necessary for the Manufacturers of Paper to hold Meetings, in order to consider what Means of Redress might be attainable, and it was not till after the last Day fixed by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills was elapsed, that the Necessity of an Application to Parliament was ascertained:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the

7 K better

586 19® Aprilis. - . 1796.

better preventing of unlawful Combinations of Work- same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had men employed in the Paper Manufactory. given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

' "e given. Ordered, That, in Consideration!; of the particular Committee; and that the Committee had gone through Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, given to present a Petition, as desired by the said which they had directed him to report to the House; Manufacturers of Paper. * _ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

y i !u- Then a Petition of the thereunder-signed Manufte* delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the: ' turers of Paper, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once of the Paper Makers in England, was presented to the read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as One^and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the preceding Petition: And praying the Interference were agreed to by the House.

of the House, and that they may be permitted to bring Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in a Bill for the better preventing of unlawful Com- ingrossed. binations of Workmen in the Paper Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa- certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors mine the Matter thereof; and -report the same, as it or Lordships of and in the Parish

shall appear to th(em, to the House: of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Sir William read the Third Time.

Heathcote, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Exchange of ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Lands shall be made by Spiritual Persons, without the Records. Consent of the Bishop or Ordinary.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Petition A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to bp

respecting unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

ProWsfon°in Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbour- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Hockerton, hood of the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Kirklington, Town of Kirklington, in the County of Nottingham, to Commons and Waste Lands within -the Manors or &c. Roads the Turnpike Road leading from Newark to Southwell, Lordships of Farnworth and Kersley, in the Parish of 1 at or near The Greet Bridge, was presented to the Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to Leave granted by the House on the 23d Day of March the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, last, Notices of the Application to Parliament, for

Powers to make a Turnpike Road from or near the A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Toll Gate in the Town of Kirklington, in the County of the 11th Day of this Instant was made from the Nottingham, across Kirklington Moor, by Osmandthorp, Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Com-to the Streetgate Road, and to communicate with the pany of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston present Turnpike Road leading from Newark to Sout- Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part well, at or near The Greet Bridge, were given at the of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the last Easter Sessions held for the County of Nottingham, Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of and by Advertisement in the Newspaper called The His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was Nottingham Journal, in the present Month of April, re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon in such and the like Manner as is required by the the Table, be now taken into further Consideration; Standing Orders of the House relative to Applications And the House being informed that printed Copies for Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Pro- of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were vision may be made in the Bill now depending in the delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, House to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, upon Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794; present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, further Consideration.

Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County The House accordingly proceeded to take the said of Nottingham, for amending, widening, and keeping Report into further Consideration,

in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under And the Amendments made by the Committee to

such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

j Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- to by the House.

j mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

1 shall appear to them, to the House: ingrossed.

j And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord Edward

Charles Cavendish Bentinck, 8cc.: And they are to meet A Message from the Lords, by Mr. WAker and 1 Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Mr. Spranger:

[ Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Per- Mr. Speaker,

[ sons, Papers, and Records. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

| for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the Commons,

; East Bridg- Mr Pierrepontreported from the Committee, to Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, ford Inclosure whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any 1 ,repor Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, Amendment: And also, j and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

! Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bridgford, in , for amending an Act, made in this present Session of

|! the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing Bounties,

jj Committee had examined, and found that the Standing . " for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, " Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Com,

had been complied with; and that the Committee had " Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other

1 examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the " Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom

e . "or

f.

Farnworth and Kersley Inclosure Bill, passed.

Report on re-committed Bill for amending the Warwick and Braunston Canal Act, further coa-sider^J,

The Lords have agreed to

Cartmel Inclosure Bill.

Bill to amend Act for allowing Bounties on Wheat, &c.

36 Geo. III. 19° Aprilis. 587

" or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the " Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home " Consumption;" without any Amendment: And also,

Bill for a The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Lands to Mr tc* ena^e His Majesty to grant to George Finch,

Finch Hat- Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the ton. Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, ip and upon the Lawn of , and the

Bailiwick of Rockinghamin the forest of in the County of Northamptof upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same; without any Amendment: And also,

Marstan The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Moretaine for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, witoTmend-' an(* ofoer Commonable Lands, within the Parish of meat*. Marstcn Morelaine, in the County of Bedford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the fords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Covent Gar- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An den Church Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Amendment Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and fop Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scjte of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tattershall, Mr. Tyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to &c. Inclosure whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bdl an<* Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor

' 1,0 ' Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands,

in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Tattershall and Township of Tattershqll Thorpe, abutting on the River Withqm and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln, was committed; That foe Committee had examined fop Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given foeir Consent to the Bill, to foe Satisfaction of the Committee; and that foe Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to b$ added to the Bill, for enfranchising Copyholds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrpssed.

Wilkinson's Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Estate Bill, whpm the ingrpssed Bill from foe Lords, intituled, An reported, and Act for vesting foe Real Estates, devised by the Will of ^asMd' John Wilkinson, late of Whitby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, or a sufficient Part thereof, iu Discharge of his Debts affecting the same Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for placing out at Interest the Residue thereof, under foe Direction of the Court of Chancery, upon the Trusts declared by foe said Will of such Real Estate was committed; That foe Committee had examined foe

Vpr.. 51.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to foe Bill, to foe Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he ' delivered thp Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr- John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to foe same, withoui any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from foe Committee, to whom Elliott'3 foe ingrossed Bill from foe Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate Bill, enable and empower Trustees to sell certain Copyhold rePorted>and Estates belonging to Catherine Hallman Elliott, an In- *Jass<H ' font, apd to lay out foe Money arising from the Sale thereof in foe Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of foe Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directecj him tq report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he dleivered foe Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And foe said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr* John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the samp, without any Amendment.

An jngrqssed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Hambleton Open Commop Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Inclosure Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Bill, passed. Township of Hambleton, in foe Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was jread the Thjrd Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made tp foe Bill; viz.

Pr. 37. 1. 22. To leave out " Thirty" and insert Forty" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upop the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and foe Bill was amended at foe Table accordingly.

Resolved, Thai the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within foe Township of Hambleton, in foe Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of foe County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire foeir Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the secreting, pur- Bill to pre-loining, or destroying, of Pewter Pots, or other vessels, vent stealing belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the jee^erj >ots' Limits therein mentioned, be read a Second Time eerre Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Commit- Bill to pre-tee, to whom foe Bill to prevent the committing of yent F^uds Frauds and Abuses in foe weighing, packing, and &cW^f Butter selling of Butter, was committed; That the Committee reported, am had gone through foe Bill, and made several Amend- re-commitments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ted\ to the House; and he read foe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with foe Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And foe House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; l

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to foe Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered,

588 19° Aprilis. A. 1796.

11 for better Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third jgulation of Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better ills, passed. Regulation of Mills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of Mills.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Basset do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

11 for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

during into to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^London upon Dili for amending, and reducing into One ilitia Acts, Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the ferred. Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

etc7e"ks°in Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Male Offices'of jesty's principal Secretaries of State, for the Home ie Secreta- and Foreign Departments, was presented to the House, es of State, and read; Setting forth, That by the Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Chap. io, for establishing a General Post Office, the Petitioners were allowed the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters, free of Postage, to and from any Part or Parts of Great Britain or Ireland, and by the Act of the Fourth of His present Majesty, Chap. 24, the Privilege of franking Letters was taken from the Petitioners, and their Privilege was limited to the sending and receiving, free of Postage, to and from any Part or Parts of Great Britain or Ireland, printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers; and that by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, Chap. 35, a Compensation was granted to the Petitioners for the Advantages they enjoyed from their Privilege of franking Letters before the Commencement of the Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, and by the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, Chap. 6, the Privilege of sending and receiving printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, to and from the Kingdom of Ireland, was taken from the Petitioners, but they were still permitted to send and receive them, free of Postage, to and from any Part or Parts of Great Britain; and that by the Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, Chap. 60, an Allowance of 1,000l. per Annum, charged upon the Revenue of the Post Office, was granted to the Petitioners as a Compensation to them for the Advantages they enjoyed from their Privilege of sending and receiving printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, free of Postage, to and from Ireland: That the Petitioners have learned, froth the , Votes of the House, that there is a Bill, now pending the rein, by which the Privilege of sending and receiving printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, free of Postage, will, under certain Restrictions therein stated, become general, and by which the Incomes of the Petitioners will be considerably diminished, inso much as they will be no longer applied to for the Purpose of sending the said printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, to different Parts of Great Britain, as they have been hitherto accustomed, and for which they have received, from the Persons to whom they were sent, a stipulated Sum: And therefore praying, That as, at the afore-mentioned preceding Periods, Compensations were made to them by Parliament for partial Losses of their aforesaid Privilege, the House

will now be pleased to grant them such a Compensation for the remaining and most advantageous Part of it as shall appear meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Canning, Mr. Plumer, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the NeutralShip* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to B^jen't^ed indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence 1 ,np° of Orders in Council, issued since the 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice

read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way*

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and Mean*, referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Raising a That, towards raising the Supply granted to His j'urtll6r s.u Majesty, the further Sum of Seven Millions Five Annuit,e3‘ hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, in Manner following, that is to say; That every Contributor to the said Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds shall, for every 100 /. contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of 120 /. in Annuities, after the Rate of 3 /. per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1796, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the 3 I. per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said 3 /. per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there:

That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of 25/. in Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1796, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum, which were reduced from 4/. to 3 /. per Centum per Annum, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said 3 /. per Centum Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Five Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1796, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-three Years and Three Quarters, and then to

cease,

36 Geo. III. 1 9° Apnl589

cease, over and above the Principal Sums of 120/. after the Rate of 31. per Centum per Annum, and 25/. after the like Rate of 31, per Centum per Annum, in respect of every 100l. to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, which Annuity of Five Shillings and Six Pencener Centum, so to continue for Sixty-three Years and Three Quarters, shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five \ ears and a Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-four Years and a Quarter, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities, so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England: That the several Annuities, after the Rate of 3/. per Centum, 3/. per Centum, and Five Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 26th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit of 10/. per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

15 /. per Centum on or before the 27th Day of May next.

151.per Centum on or before the 23d Day of June

next.

15/. per Centum on or before the 29th Day of July next.

15/. per Centum on or before the 19th Day of August next.

15 I. per Centum on or before the 23d Day of Sep-

tember next; and,

15/. per Centum on or before the 26th Day of October next.

That every Contributor, who shall be possessed of any Exchequer Bill or Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety " five," or of another Act, passed in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyfive," or of another Act, passed in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise " the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand " Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," or of another Act, passed in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated " Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and for further " appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session " of Parliament," shall be at Liberty to pay or deliver in the same for the Purchase of the said Annuities, and such Exchequer Bill or Bills shall be received as Money by the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, and placed as such to the Credit of the Contributor or Contributors paying or deli-

Vol.,51.

vering in the same: That all the Monies and Exchequer Bills, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid and delivered into the Receipt of the Exchequer, which Monies so paid in shall be applied from Time to Time tp such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, at any Time on or before the 2 2d Day of September 1796, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of 31, per Centum per Annum on the Sum so advanced for completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 26th Day of October 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That an additional Custom Duty of Twenty Pounds be charged for every Ton of Portugal or Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid before the 18th Day of April 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Custom Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged for every Ton of all other Wine which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid before the 18th Day of April 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Custom Duty of Twenty Pounds be charged for every Ton of Portugal or Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the 18th Day of April 1796, or which, on the said 18th Day of April 1796, was in any Cellar, Vault, or Warehouse, of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in any Warehouse under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Custom Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged for every Ton, of all other Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, on or before the 18th Day of April 1796, or which, on the said 18th Day of April 1796, was in any Cellar, Vault, or Warehouse, of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in any Warehouse under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Excise Duty of Twenty Pounds be charged for every Ton of Portugal or Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, on or after the said 18th Day of April 1796, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Excise Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged for every Ton of all other Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, on or after the said 18th Day of April 1796, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession, of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine.

7 L Resolved,

Charging an additional Custom Duty on Wine.

An additional Excise Duty on Wine.

590

A. 1796.

A Drawback ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, on Wine. That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds per Ton be granted upon the Exportation of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into Great Britain, and exported to any Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirty Pounds per Ton be granted upon the Exportation of all other W ine imported into Great Britain, and exported to any Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize.

An additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Duty on That an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings be Made Wines. charge(j for every Barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain, for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolu-

i O u

tion;

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 26th Day of February last, " That it " appears to this House, That the Terms of the Loan " were fixed with a due Regard to the Magnitude of " the Sums borrowed, and provided for, as well as " to the Market Price of the Funds, and the Situation " of Public Affairs, at the Time the Bargain was concluded," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said First Resolution of the Committee w-as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, ao^nsflT"1 reeic*'nS *n an<l near the Town of Nottingham, whose ton'and Rad- Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the ford Inclosure House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Bill- observe, by the Votes, a Petition hath been presented

to the House from George de Ligne Gregory, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, and other Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Lenton and Radford aforesaid, for the Purpose of inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying in those Parishes, and praying, that Leave might be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes: That the Ground whereon Nottingham places are run is within, and Part of, the Ground intended to be inclosed; that, in the Year 1767, the said George de Ligne Gregory, and the other then Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parishes of Lenton and Radford, obtained an Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lying South of the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within the Liberties and Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the county of;

that, for Time immemorial, and, in Fact, ever since the Establishment of Races, and particularly since the King's Plate hath been given as an Encouragement for the Breed of a certain Description of Horses, the Race Ground, whereon the Races of Nottingham are held, hath uninterruptedly, and without any Acknowledgment required or paid for the Privilege, been used and enjoyed for such Purpose; that there are no Commons or Waste Lands in either of the said Parishes of Lenton and Radford left uninclosed, except only the said Forest Lands, which belong to the Crown, and is Part of the ancient Forest of Sherwood, but subject to Common Right for the Deer in Thorney Wood Chase, being within such Jurisdiction, of which the Earl of Chesterfield is Hereditary Ranger, as appears more particularly by a late Examination of the Original Grant to the Ancestors of the said George de Ligne Gregory, the present Lord of the said Manor, wherein all Forests and Chases are expressly exempted and reserved out of that Grant: That, from the increased Population of the Town of Nottingham and Neighbourhood, and by many others fond of encouraging the Turf, and the particular Aptitude of the Ground for such Diversions, a very liberal Subscription was entered into in 1776 for the Purpose of erecting a handsome Stand, and for improving and embanking the Race Course, upon which, at least, 2,500l. hath been expended, and also upwards of 1,500l. for enlarging and ornamenting the Assembly Rooms for the Accommodation of the Company at the Races, it not being apprehended that any Attempt would ever be made even for abridging, much less for the inclosing and taking away, the Privilege the Public had constantly enjoyed of using the Race Ground, which has always been presumed, and is supposed, to belong to the Crown; and that, should such an Act of Parliament be obtained, the Races will be totally destroyed, the Town of Nottingham and the Public be deprived of a Diversion they have Time immemorially enjoyed, and the large Sums of Money expended upon the Stand, Race Course and Assembly Rooms, will, in a great Measure, be lost to the Subscribers, as the Property without the Races will be but of little or no Value: That, in the Year 1793, Barracks were erected near Nottingham, and contiguous to the Forest, at a very considerable Expence, for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Troops, which Forest, if inclosed, will deprive such Troops from exercising their Horses, there not being any other Ground suitable for that Purpose within Seven Miles of the Place: And therefore praying, That the BUI for such Inclosure may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, for Service in the East Indies, from 1st January to 31st December 1796.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Estimate of Detachment of Artillery for the East Indies, presented.

36 Geo. III.

591

19° — #0* Aprilis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for Service in the,

East Indies, from ist January to 31st December 1796; viz.

1 ——

Pay of a Lieutenant Colonel, a Major, an Adjutant, a Quarter Master, a Surgeon, and a Surgeon's Mate -

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Artillery, consisting of 120 Men each, Officers included -

Men.

Amount.

£. s. d.

6

960 15 —

240

5,764 10 —

Office of Ordnance, 18th April 1796.

246

6,7*5

5 —

W. Howe. A. Ross. J. Sargent.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-on high Price vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Com, de- House, to consider further of the present high Price of

ferTed- Com.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Stephens have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Mooey issued Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in pursuance of an Act, Act, ordered, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain " Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements " in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to " execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the " Longitude at Sea.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

ElleimereCa- O IR Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to nil Deviation O whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Ruabonand" *n Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Chester "re- Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintain-ported. ' " ing a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at

" bury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey " at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and " also for making and maintaining certain Collateral " Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for vary ing and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors Vot. 51.

of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dec, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said List, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Company of Bill for Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunstm Canal Na- amending the vigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the nd

said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, cana( Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His passed, present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 20. At the End of the Line to add

" Francis Whe Esquire."

Pr. 47. 1. 4. After " Wheler," to insert " Francis " Wheler."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendments tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Moretdne and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, inclosure Bill within the Parish of Marston Moretaine, in the County agreed to of Bedford.

And

Lords

Amendment to Covent Garden Church Bill agreed to.

592

20° Aprilis.

A. 1796.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 11. After " direct" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And whereas it is expedient to

" encourage the Rector in his "Intention of building a new

" Rectory House, the old one " being in a very bad Condition, and very much dilapidated, Be it therefore Enacted,

" that the said Commissioners " shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set " out, allot, and award unto " and for the Rector of the said " Parish for the Time being,

" all that Piece or Parcel of " Ground, being Glebe Land,

" and Part of the Lands and " Grounds hereby directed to " be divided and inclosed, called " Park Piece, as Part of the " Allotment to be made to the " said Rector by virtue of this " Act, and shall then set out,

" allot, and award, unto and for " the said Rector, so much of " the other Lands and Grounds " hereby directed to be divided " and inclosed, adjoining Park " Piece aforesaid, as, together " with Park Piece, shall be a " full Compensation for all the " Glebe Land belonging to the " said Rectory lying in the " Lands and Grounds hereby " directed to be divided- and " inclosed, and also for all Right " of Common belonging to the " said Rectory."

1. 19. Leave out from " unto" to the Second "And," in 1. 27.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 6. After " applied" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " Provided, that nothing in this

" Clause shall be understood in

" any Way to alter, controul, or " abridge, the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Lord Bishop of " London for the Time being."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to die Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all Luddington the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, °Ynclo-Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of *ureBilI, Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, committed, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Junior, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com- London small mittee, to whom the Bill to amend, explain, and ren- P.^>ts' &c‘ der more effectual, an Act, made in the Third Year B ,reporU of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of small Debts, and for the " relieving of poor Debtors in Lon," and an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henniker Major reported from the Committee Bill for allow-to whom the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discre- ing Costs so tion of the Court in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now (jef^^ors 1S* is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allow- &c. reported ing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, andre-com-whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudi- nutted* cation of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the committing of Frauds and Abuses in the weighing, packing, and selling of Butter, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Re-committed Bill to prevent Frauds in weighing,&c. of Butter, reported.

593

Account of Produce of Taxes, ordered.

Account of Amount of Hat Duty, ordered.

Dog Tax Bill, committed.

Hat Duty Bill, ordered.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Bill to prevent stealing Pswter Pots, put off for three Months.

Foreign Wines and British Sweets additional Duties Bill, presented.

36 Geo. III. 20° — 21°

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.'

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th Day of April 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Amount of the Hat Duty for Three Years, ended the 1st Day of August 1795.

A Bill for the better Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, against the Evils arising from the Increase of Dogs, by subjecting Persons keeping or having such Dogs to a Duty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Aprilis.

Joins, 21# die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

MR Francis Annesleyreported from the Committee, Hampton to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and P°yle inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, rented." Common Pastures, and all 6ther Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Foyle, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent the secreting, purloining, or destroying of Pewter Pots, or other Vessels, belonging to Persons retailing Malt Liquor, within the Limits therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, ^.W:} *

Tellers for the Noe, }*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 51.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Banvick in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Elmet Inclo-Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within sure the Parish of Baraick in Elmet, in the County of reporte ' York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Samuel Wilkes Waud, of Beeston, in the County of York,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Township of Secroft, and Parish of Whitkirk, in the County of York, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 53 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, in the Common Open Fields, and the Owners of 12 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed is 548 Acres, and the whole Number of Common Rights are 189); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop Petition for of Hereford, Lord of the Manor of Bromyard and Brovwidn m Bromyard Foreign, in the County of Hereford, and the tlosure^ Bill"' humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners,

and others have presented a Petition to the House, for a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor; and that it

7 M would

A. 1796.

594 21" Aprilis.

would tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Commons or Waste Lands, if a Proportion thereof were sold, and Provision made, and Power granted, for applying the Money arising thereby to the re-building or repairing of the Parish Church of Bromyard aforesaid, and if other Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands were to be let, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof applied, from Time to Time, in Aid of the Poor Rates within the Parish of Bromyard: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill, so petitioned for as aforesaid, for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seein 'meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Hereford, Lord of the Manor of Bromyard and Bromyard Foreign, in the County of Hereford, the Reverend the Portionists and Vicar of the Parish of BroJohn Barneby, Esquire,

the Reverend Pakington Tomkyns, Doctor of

Laws, Robert Sweeting Esquire, Thomas Colley,

Esquire, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the Manor of Bromyard and Bromyard Foreign aforesaid, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

Swale's Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate Bill, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act passed^' for vesting the Estates in the County of Cambridge, devised by John Swale, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold at the same Time with certain Estates of John Swale, Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the first-mentioned Estates in discharging Legacies, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Medows's ' Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Leases Bill jtlgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act passed! to enable Evelyn Philip Midairs, Esquire, and others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain i Estates, in the Parish of in the County of

Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Consideration, which Note was, by Mistake, drawn yp°n "* upon a Stamp of a higher Denomination than the lffpl?>per Legislature in such Case requires; and that the Drawers of the said Note have refused to pay the same to the Petitioner, and the Person in whose Favour it is drawn, and who indorsed it to the Petitioner, is in insolvent Circumstances: That the Petitioner, upon resorting to Counsel, was advised that he could not, by Reason of this Mistake in the Stamp, avail himself of the said Note without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Petitioner did not receive this Advice till the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the above-mentioned Circumstances, and the extreme Hardship of the Case, he may now be permitted to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to order the said Note to be stamped with the proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty, and that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Eduard Manning,

Then a Petition of Edward Manning, Commander Mr. Man-of the Ship called The Pitt, in the Service of the East oing'sPeti-India Company, was presented to the House, and tion' read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to order the said Note to be stamped -with the proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made, That the Report which* Report on

upon the 13th Day of this Instant April, was made

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, ^ri,n?l>y . , . , . , pt Haven re-

depeniling, enlarging, altering, and improving, the committed Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in Bill, further the County of Lincoln, was re committed, and which considered. wras then ordered to lie upon the Table* be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for preserving the Rights of the Hull Dock Company.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment wras made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

vlr. Man- A Petition of Edward Manning, Commander of the iorffor Leave Ship called The Pitt, in the Service of the East n present a India Company, was presented to the House, and read;

vtition re- Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Holder of a 'pecting a Note for 2,500l. indorsed to him for a valuable

\ote drawn 7 % J

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom Paper Mum-the Petition of the thereunder-signed Manufacturers facturere of Paper, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Paper Makers in England, was referred; That the por Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition,

r

36 Geo. III. 21° April595

Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Phipps being examined, said, That he is a Paper Maker at River, near , in Kent, and has

been in the Blue and Brown Line of that Business, for Sixteen Years and upwards. — That in the Year 1789 a dangerous Combination broke out amongst the Journeymen in the Paper-making Business, in order to obtain an Increase of their Wages, and that his Mill was attacked, in consequence of which all his Journeymen left the Mill, and that the Combination at that Time extended to an alarming Extent; that he proceeded to indict Two of the Ringleaders, but before the Grand Jury could find the Bill, they absconded, and he was not able to cause them to be apprehended.

That in 1794 and 1795 similar Combinations were entered into by the Journeymen for an Increase of their Wages, to which the Masters have been obliged to submit. — That about May 1795 his Journeymen joined in the Combination, and gave him warning to leave his Mill unless he complied with their Demands, when he was obliged to submit to an Advance of from Three to Four Shillings per Week, according to the different Departments of their Work. — And the Witness further said, That from the Year 1789 to this present Time, the Journeymen have uniformly refused to work at any Mill where Scotchmen or Irishmen were employed, and the Masters have been obliged to submit, or to stop their Mills from working.

That about Christmas last he hired a Person who had been a Foreman at Mr. Payne's Mill, at Buckland, in Kent, upon which his other Journeymen insisted that he should quit the Service, because he had not joined in the former Combinations, otherwise they threatened they would all leave his Mill, and the Man being unwilling to cause any Disturbance, wTas obliged to leave the Mill in consequence of that Combination. That the Journeymen raise Money by Subscriptions, and have a regular established Fund in Support of such Combinations. — That in the Line of Business he is in, it is customary to pay the Workmen a Day's Work for making a certain Quantity of Paper, which Work can be performed in about Eight Hours; and by working Four Hours more, the Demand now made and insisted on by the Journeymen of an Advance of Five Shillings a Week in their Wages, will, in Fact, amount to Seven Shillings and Sixpence; and that the complying with such Demand will materially affect the Price of Paper, and considerably diminish the Exportation thereof: And the Witness added. That in consequence of such Combinations, the greatest Part of the Mills in Surrey,

Bucks, Hants, Berks, and Herts, are now stopped from

working. That the Practices of the Journeymen, in Support of such Combinations, are by demanding an Advance of Wages at some one particular Mill, and in case of Non-compliance, the Journeymen desert such Mill, and prohibit their Brethren from applying for Work there until Compliance; and that the Men thus leaving their Employment, are supported from their general Fund.

Mr. John Taylor, a Paper Maker at Wrolham, in the County of Kent, being examined, said, That his Mill was stopped in 1789 in consequence of the Combinations mentioned by the preceding Witness, and he confirmed his Evidence with respect to the Journeymen refusing to work with particular Persons, to their raising Subscriptions, and making a Demand of Five Shillings a Week, and to the Injury to the Trade, if such Demand should be complied with; and also to the Stoppage of Mills in the before-mentioned Counties. Vol. 51.

That his own Mill was stopped in January last by the Men, because be would not submit to an Advance of Wages of Five Shillings per Week per Man, and that it has ever since remained unworked on that Account.

Then Mr. Finch Hollingworth being examined, said, That he is a Paper Maker at Maidstone, that he was induced to stop his Mill in consequence of the Combinations of the Journeymen at other Mills; and he added, that the Trade will be greatly prejudiced if the Combinations and Refusals to work with particular Persons are not stopped.

Then he produced to your Committee, a Letter, under the Hand of William ,who was formerly a Workman to him, and whose Hand Writing he is acquainted with, whereby it appears that the Workmen belonging to the different Combinations have paid the Sum of Three Shillings each as a Support for the Journeymen entering into such Combinations; and he confirmed the Evidence of the first Witness with respect to those Matters confirmed by the last Witness.

All the before-mentioned Witnesses concurred in saying, That it is indispensably necessary that Measures should be taken to stop such Proceedings; and for which Purpose it is expedient that a Law should be made to prevent Combinations amongst Journeymen Paper Makers, and to regulate the Amount of their Wages.

Mr. Nathaniel Davis, the Solicitor for the Paper Makers, being examined, said, That the present Laws are defective, in as much as the Persons combining, if any Proceeding against them is begun, elope to distant Parts before a Bill of Indictment can be found against them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory, and for the better Regulation of their Wages: And that Mr. Amyatt and Sir Edward Knatchbull do prepare, and bring in, the same*

Mr. Picrrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Town of Kirklington, in the County of Nottingham,

to the Turnpike Road leading from Newark to South-well, at or near The Greet Bridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Bailey produced to your Committee, The Nottingham Journal, dated the 2d, 9th, and 16th of this Instant April, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill, to make a Turnpike Road from or near the Toll Gate in the Town of Kirklington, in the County of Nottingham, across Kirklington Moor, by Osmandlhorp, to the Street-gate Road, and to communicate with the present Turnpike Road leading from Newark to Soulhuell, at or near The Greet Bridge, are inserted agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, on the 23d Day of March last.

And the Witness also produced to your Committee a Copy of the like Notice which he saw affixed on the Door of the Sessions House at Southwell, at the last Easier Sessions, agreeable to the said Leave of the House.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 2 2d Day of March last, was made from the

Committee,

Instruction . for Provision to Hockerton, Kirklington, &c Roads . Bill.

596 21 ° Aprilis.A. 1796.

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads near the Towns of Hooker ton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and in the County of Nottingham, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the Toll Gate in the Town of Kirklington, in the said County of Nottingham, across Kirklington Moor, by Osmandthorp, to the Streetgate Road, and to communicate with the present Turnpike Road leading from Newark to Southwell, at or near The Greet Bridge, in the said County.

Hannington Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Inclosure Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the sented>re* Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ufford inclo- An ingrossed Bill to divide, allot, improve, and insure Bill, close, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes,

pas ' and Heath Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Ufford with Ashton and Bain-ton, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

vent Frauds Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent the committing of Frauds and Abuses in the weighing, packing, and selling of Butter, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale, of Butter; and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Society of the People called Quakers, tkionrespect- wa9 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ing yt es. ^hat the Petitioners think it right to represent to the House the suffering Situation to which they are subjected, both in Person and Property, by the conscientious Scruple that is well known they entertain against the . Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Demands: That the Property, the Domestic Comfort, and the

111 WclglUUp,

See. of Butter, passed.

Longcot Inclosure Bill, presented.

Quakers Pe-

Personal Liberty of the Petitioners, are so liable to be affected and interrupted by the Prosecution of Claims upon them for Tythes, &c. more especially in either the Ecclesiastical or Exchequer Court, that they trust they shall not now be deemed importunate in referring their Case to the House, seeing so long a Time has elapsed since the Petitioners have made any Application on the Subject: That the Petitioners cannot ascribe to the Legislature a Disposition to place them and their Posterity in a State of Suffering on account of a Religious Scruple, which they can neither evade or desert, without violating their Integrity, yet such is the Effect of the Law, as is painfully manifested in sundry Instances, particularly in the deplorable Case of Seven of their Brethren now Prisoners in the Gaol at York, and without any present Prospect of Release, though convicted of no Crime, except it be a Crime scrupulously to adhere to what they conceive to be the plain Precepts of Christ respecting the Ministry of the Gospel: And therefore earnestly requesting, That the House will bestow a serious Consideration on their Case, and grant such Relief as may appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Canning reported from the Committee, to whom Petition from the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Ma- the Clerks in jesty's principal Secretaries of State, for the Home and of

Foreign Departments, was referred; That the Com- taries of State, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, reported, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for establishing a General Post Office, was read, whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were allowed the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters free of Postage to and from Great Britain and Ireland.

And it appeared, by an Act of the Fourth of His present Majesty, that the above Privilege was taken away, and limited to the sending and receiving free of Postage, printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers: Then,

Another Act, passed in the Ninth of His present Majesty, was also read, whereby it appeared, that a Compensation was granted to the Petitioners, for the Advantages they enjoyed from their Privilege of franking Letters previous to the Commencement of the said Act of the Fourth of His present Majesty.

It further appeared, by another Act passed in the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, that the Privilege of sending and receiving printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, to and from the Kingdom of Ireland, was taken away, but the Petitioners were still permitted to send and receive them free of Postage to and from any Part of Great Britain.

And it appeared, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His said Majesty, that an Allowance of i,oooo/. a Year charged upon the Revenue of the Post Office, was granted to the Petitioners as a Compensation to them for the Advantages they enjoyed from their Privilege of franking to and from Ireland: Then,

George Randall, Esquire, One of the Clerks in the Secretary of States Office for the Home Department, being examined, informed your Committee, That by a Bill now depending in the House, the Income of the Clerks in the said Office will be considerably diminished, as they will no longer be applied to for the Purpose of franking Newspapers. — That his Loss, being one of the Ten Clerks that have that Privilege,

he

36 Geo. III.

£1° Aprilis.

597

he estimates at Fifty Pounds a Year; some will be more, and others less, but he thinks his Loss will be about the Average of that of all the Clerks; this Privilege is of a fluctuating Nature, and he does not think it by any Means at its Height. — That he considers it a more valuable Privilege than that of flanking to Ireland was, which was abolished by the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, and for which a Compensation of 1,0001, per Annum was granted: Then,

Charles Robert Broughton, Esquire, a Clerk in the Office for the Foreign Department, being examined, said, That he is One of the Eleven Clerks in that Office who have the Privilege of franking Newspapers, that he estimates his Loss at 133/. 10$. being the Amount of his Receipt last Year, and which has been regularly increasing, and he thinks will be more. — He conceives the Privilege more valuable than that of franking to Ireland was, and for the Loss of which a Compensation has been given.

Stephen Rolleston, Esquire, being also examined, informed your Committee, That this Privilege is of a fluctuating Nature, and is by no Means at its Height — and that his Profits have been gradually increasing within the last Ten Years.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Report, recommends tire same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

and to report to the House a Statement of all such porary Ex-expired - Laws as shall appear to them to have been PiringLaws-made upon Occasions, whereof the like may recur hereafter, and also, a Statement of all the expiring Laws of every Sort whatever of a Public Nature; describing each Statute by its principal Matter, Date,

Chapter, Section, and Title; and distinguishing the Duration of such as are expiring; together with the Observations of the said Committee, arising out of the several Matters referred to them, have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place; and have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Hat Duty Order, a Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on BlH> Pre* Hats: And the same was received; and read the First sente Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill for Con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into veyance of further Consideration the Report from the Committee &by the68' the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Post, re-com- Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parlia-mitted. ment, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Report on Petition from the Clerks in the Offices of the Secre-tariesofState, to be printed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report, which was, this Day, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, for the Home and Foreign Departments, was referred, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and The Lords Mr Spranger: ^ve agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sherington Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com- 1 ' monable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Walcott In-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields closure Bill, and Commonable Places of Walcott, in the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ellesmere Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty- (r^a^.^evia* third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- (fr"mFranck-tuled, " An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable ton ComCanal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the mon.) u County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near " Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for " making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from " the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherryma Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for pre-Act for further continuing and amending the several venting

Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses com- B‘raudsin t,le

Bill forregu-, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House lating the to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Slaveade- upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying

ferred.' Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to

Additional

Committee *nsPect an<l consider all the Temporary Laws whatever appointed to of a Public Nature, which are expired, or expiring, inspect Tem- VoL. 51.

mitted in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City menTrfCoals and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the in Westmin-Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several 8ter>&c-Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew,

Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ellough,

Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, ^or^"^1hrun' Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of cove jnci0. Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise Great sure Bill. Worlingham, Brorlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlinghamrand North Cove, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend

Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of Gam0

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in

7 N " that

598

21° Apr

A. 1796.

Bill for more effectual Execution of Election Acts.

West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby Inclosure Bill.

Ramsey Inclosure and Drainage, Arc. Bill.

I.eominstei* Canal Navigation Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Bill for further Support of Curates.

Biscoe's Divorce Bill.

Accounts

presented.

Monies due for Off-reckonings.

D° on l Jan. 1796, and since 1

" that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for " repealing and amending several of the Laws now in " being relative theretowithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby, in the County of the Town of upon

Hull, and within that Part of Willerby, which lies in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and precertain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the

Arrears due to Officers.

D" dis-chai ged since 1 Jan. 1796.

serving,

The

Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the " several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, " Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the " County of Huntingdon, and of in the

" Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridgeand for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Es-

quire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Harmood, from the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Monies now due for Off-reckonings to the several Colonels, or Commanding Officers, of His Majesty's Regular, Fencible, and Militia Forces: distinguishing the Periods for which such Off-reckonings are respectively due: And also,

An Account of Monies which remained due on Account of Off-reckonings on the 1st of January 1796, and which have since been paid; with the Grants out of which they have been so discharged: And also,

An Account of all Arrears now due to the Officers of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of His Majesty's Regular, Fencible, and Militia Forces; distinguishing the Periods for which such Arrears are respectively due: And also,

An Account of such Arrears of His Majesty's Regular, Fencible, and Militia Forces, as have been discharged since the i st of January 1796, distinguishing the Periods for which such Arrears were due, and the Grants out of which they have been so discharged: And also,

Pay due to General and Staff Officers.

D° on 1 Jan. 1796, and since discharged.

Pay due to Governors, &c. of Forts and Garrisons.

D° on 1 Jan. 1796, and since discharged.

An Account of all Pay, atnd Arrears of Pay, how due to the General and Staff Officers of His Majesty's Forces, with the Periods for which the same are respectively due: And also,

An Account of all Pay, and Arrears of Pay, which were due to the General and Staff Officers of His Majesty's Forces, on the 1st of January 1796, and which have since been discharged; together with the Grants out of which they have been so discharged: And also,

An Account of all Pay, and Arrears of Pay, now due to the several Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and other Officers of His Majesty's Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, and Parts beyond the Seas, with the Periods for which the same are respectively due: And also,

An Account of all Pay, and Arrears of Pay, which were due to the several Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and other Officers of His Majesty's Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, and Parts beyond the Seas, which were due on the 1st of January 1796, and which have since been discharged; together with the Grants out of which they have been so discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from Accounts of the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Annual Re-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of of the East Parliament, India Com-

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the pany.pre-Easl Lidia Company in the Provinces of Bengal, sented*

and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues,

Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes,

Customs, and the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1794-5, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the

ss. Heads

36 Geo. III. 21 ° April

Heads of Mbit or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob Of Arcot, from the Rajah of , &c. and

Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the sarnie: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort

Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the Same: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint , and Settlements

subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, Ac. Land Revenues and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1794-5, and of the Charges defrayed for the stale Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same, respectively, under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1794-5, and of the Charges defrayed, for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same, respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of flieir Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, aid at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges, respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° io (a). An Account of the Expences of the Residency Of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years; according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N* 10 (b).An Account of the Expences of the

Island of Saint Helena and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources

Vo l.Al,

and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from 1st May 1795 to 50th April 1796: And also,

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from 1st May 1795 to 30th April 1796: And also,

N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from 1 st May 1795 to 30th April 1796: And also,

N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of die Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from 1st May 1795 to 30th April 1796: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years, respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate Of the same: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India between the 30th 1794 and 1st May 1795, agreeable to the Orders of 15th September 1785 and 31st July 1787: And also,

N° 18. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from 1 st May 1794 to the 30th April 1795: And also,

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from 1st May 1794 to 30th April 1795: And also,

N° 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from 1st May 1794 to 30th April 1795: And also,

N° 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlbro' and Factory of Canton, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India and shipped for Europe in the Year 1794-5; together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoice: And also,

N° 23. Annual Account, made up to the 1st Day of March 1796, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with an Estimate of the Same for the current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company, in Great Brit aid, and a-float.

Together with a List of the Said Accoants and Papers. '

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this SessiOU.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock per Computation of the East India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) from the 1st of March 1795 to the 1st of March 179*>-

Ordered,

Accounts of Annual Revenues and Charges, &c\ of the East India Company, presented.

Accounts re-; lating to the , East India Company, ordered.

r

East India Company's Revenue Accounts to be printed.

600 21° Aprilis. . 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales from the ist of March 1795 to the 1st of March 1796.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Sales of the East India Company's Goods from March 1795 to March 1796, the Charges and Profit on private Trade, &c. and the Expences of Customs, Freight, and other Charges, paid thereout, compared with the Average Estimate of Receipts and Payments, as formed by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts and Papers, which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biscoe's Di-to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe, vorce Bill, Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, rea ' and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Produce of in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant P4®* to their Order,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th Day of April 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of April 1796.

Customs

Excise

Stamps

INCIDENTS:

Consol4 Letter Money, 1787 -

D° - - Salt.

Seizures - - 1760

Prefers - - D* -

Alum Mines -Decompositions D* ——

Alienation Duty, D° ——

6d. Deduction on Pensions - 1721 -

1 s. - D° - - Salaries, &c. 1758 -

Houses and Windows, 1766 -

Houses * 1779

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 - -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 D° - - - - 1784 -

Male Servants - 1785 -

Female D° (Arrears) - - D* -

Horses D° -

Four Wheeled Carriages - D°

Two Wheeled - D° - D*

Waggons (Arrears) D*

Carts - - D° - D°

Shops - - D* - - D* - -

First Fruits of the Clergy....

Tenths - - - D° -

Men Servants (Arrears) 1777 -

Lottery Licences, 1794 -

Letter Money, 1760 ——

£. s. d.

3,247,752 18 9

6,764,498 18 if

1,190,985 12 7

£. 11,203,237 9 5 £

159,000

- 421,576 — 2 f

22,443 17 4

- 622 12 2

- 960

1 3 4

1,924 8 8

44,95*

28,718

327,519 31

132,104 15 6

3,999 *8 10

11,500

13,800

88,533 9 51

99 *5 3

105,846 15 — *

150,025 18 7

39,460 9 1 *

m 92 *5 3 »

80 4 11f

4,305 14 1

- 9,959 3 1 i

- 9 9 —

m 1,748 2 8

- 286,000

£. 1,855,283 — 5 I

Duties,

36.Geo. Ill

601

21° Aprilis.

DUTIES, 179!

Sugar - . 1

British Spirits - -

Foreign D* -

Malt ..

Bills and Receipts - m ' r

Game Duty- _

10/, per Cent. - *

DUTIES, 1794.

British Spirits *

Foreign D* - m

Glass - - _

Attornies Articles -

Bricks (Excise)

Slates and Stones - -

Bricks (Customs) - m

Paper (Excise) -

D° (Customs) -Spirit Licences - m m

DUTIES, 179J.

British Spirits

Foreign D° - — m m

Wine - -

Cocoa -

Sweets '

Stamps -

Ship Policies m m m

Hair Powder Certificates

Receipts - m m m

Fruit -

Coals -

Tea - m m

DUTIES, 1796:

Tobacco -

Horse Dealers Licences m rn m

Salt - - - m - m m

Total of Customs, Excise, and Stamps Total of Incidents -

Total of Duties, 1791 - .

..... 1794 -

- - - - - 1795 -

.....1796 " / -

Grand Total

£. s.

207,874 2 6

82,379 ——

82,802 ——

40 12 — i73.679 8 10 15.664 9 2 81,437 5 —

641,876 17 61

83,887 ——

86,810 ——

40,843 ——

17,607 13 6 53,216 —

9»38i 11 3$.

3>o 3 3

,54,110 ——

4,709 — 4

87,000 —

537,874 8

78,936 ——

84,671 ——

923,326 ——

18,242 ——

8,601 ——

26,998 15 8

51,123 19 —

197»232 15 —

6,880 ——

65,978 12 8 192 4 91 186,434 ——

1,648,616 7 1 $

40,338 ——

240 — — 8,000 ——

48,578 — ' —

- 11,203,237 9 54

1,855,283 — 5

641,876 17 61

537,874 8 4 f

1,648,616 7 1 I

48,578 — —

- £. i5,985*466 2 ni

Exchequer, the 18th Day of April 1796*

James F.

Vol. 51.

7O

Ordered,

Account of Amount of Ilat Duty, presented.

1 ondon Docks, Ac. Did, deferred.

T'oiei^n Wines, and British Sweets additional Duties Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for granting Duties on

1 legacies of

Personal Estates.

IWii field Inclosure Bill. *

Macclesfield and Congle-tori ltoad Bill.

The Lords have passed

Howard's Nat. Bill.

Account of Navy, Ac. Bills registered, ordered.

Account of Money issued for Temporary Barracks, ordered.

602 21° — 22c

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Net Amount of the Hat Duty " for Three Years, ended the 1st Day of August " 1795 "

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks; Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwull to the said Docks irt

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases; without any Amendment:

And also,

_ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, -An Act for altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, _ the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, registered since the 31st Day of December last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Sums of Money issued on Account of Temporary Barracks, between the 30th Day of H792 and the 31st Day of December 1795.

Aprilis. A. 1796.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Billforgrant* House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His inga Duty on Majesty a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, in cer- Succession to tain Cases: And the same was received; and read the presented!^ First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. ..

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of what Money has. been, paid by the East Money paid India Company tOL Government, of the .500,000l. ComTaif" to Annum provisionally to be paid by them, and of the Government, Balance now due from the East India Company. ordered.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the Debate on Motion, made upon the 13th Day of this Instant April, Motion for That there be laid before this House, an Account of £cco"nt the Number of Men destined for the Expedition to the so^tL'E^pe-West Indies,'under Sir Charles Grey, at the Close of dition under the Year 1793. " Sir C. Grey,

' And the said Question being again proposed; and a furth^.ad' further Debate arising thereon; *oum

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Secretary at War presented 'to the House, pur- List of Bar-suant to their Order, rack Masters,

A List of the Barrack Masters, distinguishing such as Presented-are Officers oh Half Pay, or who have served in the Army or Navy.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members'of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said List be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. " ' '

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill for fur-for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates ther Support within the Church of England, was read the First of Curates,

rp* rend*

lime. .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill.be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III'" Regis, 1796.

iKATERS. - ....

ABILL for further continuing the Duty of One Whitby Pier* Farthing per Chaldern on Coals, granted by an and Harbour Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen ^dlt'ej°m' Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed mi e in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry

o* Duncoihbe,

I Moorsom's Divorce Bill, committed.

Bill respecting the Land Tax Assessment for the Suit Office, committed.

Nortliam Bridge, Scc. Bill, reported.

Lords

Amendments 1o Bill to complete the Leominster Canal Navigation, agreed to.

36 Geo. III.

22° Apri

603

Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That he Bill be committed to Mr. Main-naring, Mr. Byug, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rose, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Itchin at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botlcy, in the County of Southampton,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed bim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, to finish and complete the same.

And the said Amendments w ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. I. 1. 21. Leave out from " Whereas" to " it," in 1. 28.

1. 29.

1. 30-

Leave out " them" and insert " the said Company of Proprietors."

Leave out, " same " and insert " said Canal and other Works." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Vol. 51.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Moorsovi, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mondap Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do bear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be beard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Howard's for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and >

Mary Thomas otherw ise Mary Howard, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Leacroft's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Partition Bill for effectuating a Partition of the Estates of Thomas r^"[.jed' a'" Leacroj't, Esquire, and John Lcacroft, Gentleman, in 1 the Lordship or Liberty of Litchureh, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Boltoh in the altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed ?/0o[s,rf:l?* in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present pa°ae,j Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of " An Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of

t o

" His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the " Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to " Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne " Date, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and " from the said Guide Post to and from

" Newton, by Parr Slocks, to the Guide Post in Parr,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making " more effectual Provision for repairing and widening " the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near " Golbourne Dale to Winwick," wag read the Third

Time.

An ingrossed'Clause was offered to Jbe added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for better securing the Penalties and Forfeitures. *

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank -; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1, 16. After " said" to insert " recited,"

and after "Acts " to insert " of " the Second and Twenty-eighth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty."

Pr. 4, 1. 32. To leave out " t" and insert " June " instead thereof. '

Pr. 7. 1. ult. To leave out " hereby" and insert

" by the said last recited Act" instead thereof.

Pr. 9. 1. 3. To leave out " hereby" and insert

"by the said last recited Act" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Provided " in 1. 9. and insert " said Roads " instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 13.I To leave out " said former" and and> insert " last recited" instead 1 4.I thereof.

And

604

22° Aprilis. 1796.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty* eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne " Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and " from the said Guide Post to and from

" Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, " in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening " the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post " near Golbourne Dale to

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tatlcrshall Thorpe, and Ki super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tastershall, and Township of Tatlcrshall Thorpe, abutting on the River Wilhatn and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Morton, A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, em*

Walkerith, banking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, h nCl°SUre Ings> Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Jill, c^"age Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Town-nitted, ships of Morton, IValkerith, East Stockxvith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Vyner, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition to ‘epeal Act for preventing :he retailing sf Fish at Billingsgate, ic. reported.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with " Fish; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price " thereof, and to protect and encourage Fishermen," was read; whereby it appeared that Persons are restrained from selling or exposing to sale in Billingsgate Market, or within the Space of One hundred and Fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, or in any other Market in the City of London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Fish which, in the same Day, shall have been before sold in the same Market: Then,

Mr.. Thomas Peete, Supervisor of Billingsgate Dock and Market, being examined, said. That the retailing of Fish at the said Market, is of great Public Utility and Convenience, and tends materially to reduce the i exorbitant Price of Fish, but cannot be continued to be

practised, whilst the Restrictions contained in the said Act remain in Force,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail: And that Mr. Alderman Lushington and Mr. Alderman Anderson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ratterehall. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the <£c. Inclosure Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and ivfi DrT,?e Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste > 1 'p ‘ Lands, in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors againstHan-of a very considerable Part of the Open and Common Bill Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be of very great Injury to the Petitioners, and to many other of the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Lands and Grounds:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from Account of the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called Navy,&c. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, senior

An Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, registered since the 31 st December 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill for re-Reading of the Bill for repealing certain Statutes repealing cer-lating to the Game, and for the better Preservation andfo^lleuer thereof, and also for extending the Privilege of killing Preservation Game to the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and of Game, for prohibiting all Persons from starting, hunting, or deferred, killing Game upon the Lands or Grounds of any other Person,

36 Geo. III. 22° Aprilis. 605

Person, after Notice by Parol, or in Writing, to abstain therefrom, given by the Occupier for the Time being of such Land or Ground, or any Person duly authorized on Behalf of such Occupier;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.,

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Mr^Stain *n§ next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole forth's Peti- House, to consider of the Report which was made from tioD,deferred, the Committee, to whom the Petition of George

forth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred.

Bill for the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to more expedi- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, MceofWrtts* uPoVl Bill for the more expeditious and regular Con-deferred. ' veyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

rh*"! t l&st Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the ordered. C* " Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for rais- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, ing a Sum by a gjj for rajsing the Sum of Seven Millions Five Hun-presented.' dred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Hat DutyBiil, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second committed. Reading of the Bill for the better-Collection of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mahogany The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Dpty Act to last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for considered. granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, " and on the Exportation of British Rock Salt, and " Coal," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as imposes a Duty on Mahogany imported into this Kingdom.

which all the Duties on Wines shall be proved to the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to have been paid;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, fZ'rl: } 38.

Tellers for the Noes /General Smith, 1

tellers for the INoes, ^lr. Sheridan: 20‘ -

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, 3^'*^ registered since the 31st December 1795, be printed, as tered.ufbe shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the printed. House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to DogTax Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 4eforred. upon the Bill for the better Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, against the Evils arising from the Increase of Dogs, by subjecting Persons keeping or having such Dogs to a Duty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to General In-whora thfe Bill for facilitating the Division and Inclo- cIosure sure of Waste Lands and Commons, by Agreement rePorted* among the Parties interested therein, or a certain Proportion thereof, and for removing certain legal Disabilities that might otherwise stand in the Way of such Agreement, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the ~

House.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed Again re-to a Committee of the whole House. committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 4th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Foreign to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Brtob811*1 upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Sweats, addi- Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, be now tional Duties read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Instruction. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to enable Auctioneers to sell such Wines only for VOL. 51.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for grant Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty ‘ng a Dut''

o 00 o j j Succession ti

on Succession to Real Estates, in certain Cases, be now Real £states read. . committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

7 P Morning

Return to 3rder for an \ccount of Exchequer >ills issued >n Vote of Credit for 1796, pre-ented.

supply, de-erred.

iVays and Means, deer red.

Biscoe'a Divorce Bill, committed.

Guiseley Inclosure Bill, committed.

Hampton Poyle Inclo-bure Bill, passed.

606

22° — 25" Aprilis. A. 1796.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the " Honourable House of Commons, dated 8th Day of " April 1796, for an Account of the Exchequer Bills " issued on the Vote of Credit granted for the Service of the Year 1796, with the Expence attending " the same, and distinguishing the Amount issued " to discharge Arrears due on the 1st of December " 1795-"

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Annesley do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Amyatt presented to the House, according to Paper Man. Order, a Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of faeturereMl, Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory, end for Presented* the better Regulation of their Wages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Longcot In-Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common closure Bld Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and com, mtted Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Vansittart, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

Luna, 25° die Aprilis;

Anno 36® Georgii Iir" Re^is, 1796. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe, Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the B>U be committed to Mr. Henry Dunponibe, Mi;. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bjll for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and, all other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of was

read the Third, Time.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Hockerton, whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Kirklington, Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His g'jj present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several ' p Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, South-well, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of

Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual embanking, Everton, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands Scaftworth, and Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes and Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Drainage Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Bill, passed. Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that the Banks shall be made of a certain Height, and at a certain Distance from the Rivers Idle and Bycarsdike.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that no Injury shall be done to the Drainage belonging to the Participants of Hatfeld Chace, nor to the Navigation of the Rivers Idle and Bycarsdike.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 29. To leave out from " the" to " in," in 1. 3t, and insert " Owners and " Occupiers of the Lands and'

" Grounds " instead thereof.

Pr. u. L 3. To. leave out from " and" to

" who,"

36 Geo. III.

25* Aprilis.

607

" who," in 1. 5, and insert " such Owners or Occupiers," instead thereof.

Pr. 83. L 6. To leave out from " Nook" to the End of the Second Line in Pr. 25.

Pr. 37. 1. 16. At the End of the Line to add " on the South Side." '

1. 18. After the second " or" to insert " in or through."

Pr. 38. 1. 11. To leave out " " and

insert " March" instead thereof.

1. 12. To leave out " March" and insert " November" instead thereof.

Pr. 41. 1. 14. After " any" to insert " Banks,

" Rivers."

1. 28. After " made" to insert " save " and except the said Bank " between the said Soss " and Misterton Outfall Sluice,

" which is to be made, maintained, and supported, in " Manner hereinbefore directed; and that all the Drains,

" Sewers, Ditches, and other " Works of Drainage already " made in any of the said respective Townships or Parishes, shall from henceforth " be under and subject to the " Controul, Directions, Survey, " and Order of the said Commissioners of Sewers."

Pr. 43. 1. 34. After " " to insert

" or for the Liberty of " well and in the same County."

Pr. 44. 1. 38. After " or" to insert " his, her, " or their Trustee or Trustees, " Guardian or Guardians, or " being a Body or Bodies Po-u litic, Corporate, or Collegiate, " Aggregate or Sole, and also " for."

Pr. 45. 1. j. To leave out from " being" to " from," in 1. 5.

Pr. 50. 1. ] 7. After " Nottingham" to insert " or " for the Liberty of Southwell, " and Scrooby, in the same " County."

1. 38. After " Conviction" to insert " and " every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, shall u also be liable to make full " and ample Satisfaction for any " Damage or Injury which may " arise by the Means aforesaid, " such Damages to be recoverable by the Person or Persons " injured or aggrieved, by Action or Actions at Law against " the Person or Persons by " whose Means such Damage " shall arise, in Manner aforesaid, with treble Costs."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended1 at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be> An Act for the more effectually embanking, drain-' ibgy preserving, and1 improving, certain low Lands and Grounds1 lying-and1 being in- the several Parishes' or Townships of Eaterton, Scaftfrortk, Gringleyon the

Tor. 51.

Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrcpont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Newnham's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, and Sir John An Act to enable Trustees to convey Part of the change Bin settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, deceased, reported, and in the County of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelley, Baronet, passed. ' his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and Lands in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Lushington presented to the House, Billingsgate according to Order, a Bill to authorize the Sale of Fish 1-»h Bill, at Billingsgate, by Retail: And the same was received; Presented-and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jolliffe presented to the House, according to Croydon, Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, di- Reigate, &c. vesting, and keeping in Repair, the Roads or High- RoatJs.^!11, ways, leading from the Turnpike Road, at Parleypreseu Corner, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, through Part of the several Parishes of Croydon, Beddington, Coulsdon, Chipsted, Merstham, Gat ton, and Reigate, in the said County, into the Town of Reigate, and also, from a Place in the Road leading from Croydon to Merstham, near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Star, in the Parish of Chipsted, by Chipsted Church, through Part of the Parishes of Chipsted and Gatton, to a Place on the Turnpike Road, leading from London to Reigate, near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Black Horse, in the Parish of Gatton, and also, from a Place known by the Name of The Cross Ways, near the Brick Kilns, in the Parish of Merstham, through Part of the Parishes of Merstham, Gatton, Nutfield, Bletchinglye, and to

the Turnpike Road leading from London to Lewes, in the said Parish of Godslone, and from thence to the Turnpike Road in the Town of Reigate, and for diverting, altering, and discontinuing, sundry Foot Paths, and Roads, within the Parishes of Chipsted,

Merstham, and Gatton, communicating with the said Highways: And the same was received, and read the.

First Time.

! Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to Powell's p«r-whom the ingrossed Biff from the Lords, intituled, tition Bill, An Act for making a Partition and Division of divers reported, and Messuagea, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several passe ' Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will of William Porvell, Esquire, deceased, and nbw held in undivided Moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Which, upon such Partitidrr, are respectively allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and1 subject to the several Charges and Incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided' Moieties' respectively, was committed;

That the Committee had1 examined the Allegation*

of

Caistor Inclosure Bill, reported.

Coalheavers Petition reported.

1

608 A priltsA. 1796.

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and such, other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Two Tofts, and One Acre and 20 Perches of Old Inclosures; and that the whole Property to be affected by the said Bill consists of 85 Tofts, 78 Acres, One Rood, and 6 Perches, of Old Inclosures, 278 Acres and 20 Perches of Arable Land, and 109 Acres of Meadow and Pasture Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read th:*oughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Coalheavers working on the River Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, " passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Coalheavers working upon " the River Thames, and for enabling them to make " Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, " lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows " and Orphans," and to regulate the Price of their " Labour, to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such " Labourers, and for their further Relief," was read, by which it appeared, that the said Act was to continue in Force for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament only: And,

Mr. Peter Potter being examined, said, That the said Act has long since expired, and the Petitioners have been thereby deprived of the Benefit arising from the Provisions thereof. That they have for several Years past laboured under the greatest Hardships

3

through the Impositions of some of the Coal Under-takers, who oblige the Petitioners to give them Part of what they earn, in order to obtain Employment for them, by which Means the Petitioners and their Families are reduced to great Distress, and Disturbances and Inconveniences are occasioned. That the Coal Trade would be much better carried on if the Coal Undertakers were under proper Controul, and the Wages of the Coalheavers secured to them by Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Coalheavers working upon the River Thames, between London Bridge and Greenwich, and to regulate the Price of their Labour, and to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Lushington, and Sir Watkin Lewes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Farmers and Growers of Hay, in Behalf of themselves, and the several other Persons supplying the Hay Markets of London and Westminster', and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Salesmen of Hay and Straw in Smithfield Market, in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Business in the said Market, were severally referred; That the Committee bad considered the said Petitions, and had heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open. Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of Wotion, all in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, reported.

Bill for further Support of Curate?, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Barnwood, &c. Inclosure BUI.

36 Geo. III.

25° Aprilis.

609

Scrediagton

InckxureBiU.

Hanky

Inclosure Bill.

Whitfield

Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed

Christie's Divorce Bill.

Bill relating to the Marquis of Hertford's, Lord William Gordon's,&c. Estates.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and Plotting the Open and Common Arable Fields, and extinguishing the Right of Pasturage upon a Piece of Land called Haynes Close, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise , otherwise Sir-

penny Hanley, in the County of Dorset; without "any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Whitfield, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Christie, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming several Purchases, Conveyances, and Settlements, made of the Estates of the Most honourable Francis Marquis of Hertford, and Isabella Ann, Marchioness of Hertford, his Wife, Lord William Gordon and Frances his Wife, Hugo and Elizabeth his Wife, Henry Heroey Aston and Harriot his Wife, and Sir John Ramsden and Dame Louisa Susanna his Wife; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Christie, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. appointed to Samuel Dunn, who has been, for some Time past, examine Ge- employed in compiling a General Index to the 2be Journals? Journals of this House, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790, had finished that Work, and was desirous of submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said General Index, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Powys, Mr. Baker, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Mr. PlumerMr. Bramston, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Browne, Sir Henry Gough Mr. Hanison,

Sir John Thorold, Mr. Douglas: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

upon the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of demeanors, the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now is by &c. transmit-Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allowing ^,^^ect Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee. '

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henniker Major, Mr. Jekyll, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Bromyard cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and selling Parts Inclosure, of certain Commons and Waste Lands within the &c'

Parish of Bromyard, in the County of Hertford, and presen for letting the Residue of such Commons and Waste Lands, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor Rates, or other Public Expences, within th6 said Parish, and for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Bromyard aforesaid:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have agreed to

Hambleton

InclosureUiU.

Christie's Divorce Bill, read.

Greet Grimsby Haven Bill, passed.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Dudley North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for allow- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing Costs in to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cases of Mis- Vol. 51.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hambleton, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And Notice being taken that the said Bill contained Provisions not authorized by the Order of Leave for preparing, and bringing in, the same;

Ordered, That the Order for committing the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein to enable Auctioneers to sell such Wine only for which all the Duties on Wines shall be proved to the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to have been paid.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords Simeon: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Amendments by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting ^r Rec'

7 Q the

The Lords have passed

Bill for Relief of Stock Holders.

Bill read.

Foreign AVines, &c, additional Huties Bill, withdrawn, and another ordered.

Instruction.

610

25° Aprilis. A. 1796.

the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account of Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-Money issued suant to their Order,

raryBarracks, -^n Account of all Sums of Money issued by the presented. ' Barrack Master General on Account of Temporary Barracks, &c. between the 30th Day of 1792, and the 31st Day of December 1795.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts

presented.

Money issued for Relief of French Refugees:

Allowances to American Sufferers:

Expences on Account of New South Wales:

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Monies issued to John Esquire, and others, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 18th Day of April 1796, for the Relief of the suffering Refugee Clergy, &c. of France, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 18th Day of April 1796, for Allowances to American Sufferers, and which has not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Monies issued to William Chinncry and William Pollock, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for Expences on Account of the Settlement at New South Wales, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also

An Account of Monies issued to William Pollock, William Wickham, and Thomas Carter, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences and Allowances in the Superintendence of the Alien Act, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Money issued to John Vernon, Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 4th Day of December 1795, to complete the Sum of 2,966/. 4s. 6d. for discharging the extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 1792, 1793, and 1794, and which has not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Monies issued to George Rose and Charles Alexander Craig, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of the Parliament Office, and for Contingent Expences thereof, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Edward Blackstock, Esquire, and Messieurs Eyre and Strahan, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for preparing for the Press, and printing, Volumes 32d and 33d of the Journals of the House of Peers, for the Years 1768, 1769, 1770, 1771, 1772, and 1773, and which has not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of Money issued to John Mayor, Esquire, (Superintendent of Stationary, &c. to be furnished to the Public Offices) at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Stationary shipped by him for Upper Canada, according to the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy of France, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 18th April 1796, for the following Services, and which have not been made good by Parliament,

1796.

2 2d April.

Eor the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Clergy of France -

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Laity of France -

To be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the Magistracy of France -

To be paid to Officers of the Land Service -

£. s. d.

9.000 -

3.000 -

750 ——

200 ——

£. s. d. 12,950 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th April 1796.

George Rose.

An

Sap^rintend-ence of the Alien Act:

Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin:

Purchase of the Parliament Office:

Printing Journals of the House of Peers;

Stationary for Upper Canada.

36 Geo. III.

611

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenue^, since the 18th Day of April 1796, for the following Service, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

1796. April 22d. . For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and

others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government 5,500 -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th April 1796.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Services under-mentioned, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1796- ....

23d. April. To William Chinnery, to discharge Three Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by William Rave/i, Master of the Store Ship Britannia, for Provisions delivered into the Stores at Sydney, New South s.

Wales - - - 8,535 11 11

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 457 8 — £. s. d,

----- ----- ----- 8,992 19 ti

D* - - To him more - ----- ----- --to discharge a Bill drawn by Commissary Palmer,.

for Expences on Account of the Settlement at New South Wales - -- - 626 6 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 41 — 6

v 667 6 6

D° - - To him more ----- to discharge Bills drawn by Commissary Palmer, for Provisions purchased from the Master oLthe Brig Arthur, from Bengal, for the Use of the Settlement at New South Wales 307 16 —

For Expence of Provisions for the Reverend Mr. Marsden and Mrs. Marsden, for their Passage to New South Wales - - 25 8 —

ii To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 26 1 —

359 5 —

D* - - To him more ----- to be paid over to Sotherton Backler, Navy Ac-comptant to the Society of Apothecaries in London, for providing an Assortment of Medicines, &c. for the Use of the General Hospital at Now South Wales, and for the Hospital at Norfolk Island - 856 19 ll|

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 52 10 — _

----; ----- ----, 9°9 9 11 i

D* - - To William Pollock, Esquire, to reitnburse the fike Sum paid by him for Fqes.

in passing a Charter for a: Court of Criminal Jurisdiction in

Norfolk Island 1 - 320 16

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 24 17 —

----- ----- ----- -- 344 18 6.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th April 1796.

£, 11,273 19 10 i

George Rose.

Vol. 51.

An'

612

A. 1796.

25® Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1796.

2 2d April. To William Pollock, Esquire, to enable him to defray sundry incidental Expences incurred on Account of the Alien Act, passed in the 33d Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving

" in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases " - £. 500 -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 34 2 1

— ----- ----- ---- 534 2 1

23d. To William Pollock, Esquire, to enable him to defray the contingent Expences

incurred in the Superintendence of the said Act, from the 1 ith

Day of July 1794 to the 9th Day of September 1795 - - 150 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 16 3 6

166 3 6

D® - - To William Wickham, Esquire, for his Allowance for superintending the Business of the said Act, for 151 Days, from the 11th July to and for the 9th Day of December 1794, at the Rate of 500l. per

Annum.....- 206 16 11 |

To Thomas Carter, Esquire, for his Allowance, for ditto Service, for 274 Days, from the 9th Day of December 1794 to the 9th Day of September 1795, at the said Rate - 375 6 10

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 53 13 —

— ----- ----- - 635 16 91

D° - - To William Pollock, Esquire, on Account of Disbursements made by him, between the 27th September 1794 and the 20th February 1796, in consequence of the said Act - 844 17 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 51 15 —

— 896 12 —

£. 2,232 14 4 i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th April 1796.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to John Vernon, Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 4th Day of December 1795, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

1796.

23d April. To complete the Sum of £. 2,966. 4 s.6d. for discharging the extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 1792, 1793, and 1794 - - ----- - £.1,15412 4

.Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th April 1796.

George Rose.

AN

36 Geo. III.

25° Aprilis.

613

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

' 1796-

23d April. To George Rose and Charles Alexander Craig, Esquires, to be by them applied to the Purchase of the Parliament Office - £. 2,300 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 126 9 6

D° - To George Rose, Esquire, to reimburse contingent Expences

of the new Parliament Office ——

£.2,741 16 — i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

25th April 1796. George.

£. s.

2,426 9 6

315 6 61

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

To Edward filackscock, Esquire, for preparing for the Press Volume 32d, containing the Manuscript Journals of the House of Peers for the Years 1768, 1769, and 1770 £.75 10 - —

To Ditto for Ditto, Volume 33d, containing the Journals of the

House of Peers for the Years 1771, 1772, and 1773 - - 88 ——

163 10

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - 21 —

1796.

23d April. To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan for Paper and printing of Volume 32d of the Journals of the House of Peers for the Years 1768,

1769, and 1770.....710 6

For the like, of Volume 33d, for the Years 1771, 1772, and 1773 884 2

1,594 8 —

To pay the Fees and Taxes at the Exchequer on the Receipt

thereof - -- - 79 14 5

----- ----- --- — 1,674 5

£.1,858 12 5

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

25th April 1796. George Rose.

£. s. d. 184 10 —

1795-2d June.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to John Mayor, Esquire, (Superintendant of Stationary &c. to be furnished to the Public Offices) at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

1796. 23d April.

For Stationary shipped by him for Upper Canada, according to the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury - - - -£.284 ----- ---4

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 22 19 —

£. 306 19 — i

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

25th April 1796. George Rose.

Vol. 51.

7 R

Ordered,

London small Debts, &c. Bill, put off for Three Months.

Day appointed for considering Proceedings of CourtMartial on Mr. Caw-thome.

Mr. Caw-thortie ordered to attend.

DogTax Bill, put off for TbreeMonths

614 25° Ap . 1796.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of die Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill {now ingrossed) to amend, explain, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of small Debts, " and for the relieving of poor Debtors in London," and an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; i A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" st^nd part of the Question;

If passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Three Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Book; intituled, " A Copy of the

Proceedings of a Court Martial, holden for the " Trial of ' John Fenton Cawtkorne, Esquire, Colonel " of the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia," which was presented to die House upon the 8th Day of this Instant April, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed fio be made, to- the Question, by leaving-out the Word " and

inserting the Word " Monday"' instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word, " Friday" stand Part Of the Question 7

Itrpasged in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word ‘t Monday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " A Copy of the " Proceedings of a Court Martial, holden for the " Trial of John Fenton Cawtkorne, Esquire, Colonel u of the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia," which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of this Instant April, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said. John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, do then attend this House, in his Place.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill for the better Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, against the Evils arising from the Increase of Dogs, by subjecting Persons keeping or having such Dogs to a Duty, be now read. '

And the said-Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House, an Account of all Sums of Money granted by Parliament since the 29th Day of October 1795, and expended before the 5th Day of April 1796, with a Statement of the Services to which the same were applied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Stainforth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Hoftse will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace " in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and " Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for " the more effectual Prevention of Felonies."

Mr.. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the' Report be received Tomorrow Morning. v

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply-granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15th of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the unprovided Services belonging to the Office of Ordnance, as they stood on the 31st December 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " State of the " Accounts, for the Year 1793," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " State of the " Accounts, for the Year 1794," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " State of the " Accounts, for the Year 1795; and Estimate for the " Year 1796," be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr.

Account of Sums granted and expended, ordered.

Bill for granting a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, deferred.

Committee on Report of Mr. Stain-forth's Petition, deferred.

Committee on Middlesex Justices Bill.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts,&c.

referred.

Extraordinaries of the Army.

Unprovided

Ordnance

Services.

British Museum Petition, and Accounts.

Estimate of Allowances to Militia Officers.

36 Geo. III. 25° — 26° Aprilis. 615

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please t;o receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ejctraordma- Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, Anny, with i®curred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay-Dates of master General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15th Warrants, of November to the 34th of December 1795, both ordered. inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament; with the Dates of the respective Warrants.

East India Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, Company's which were presented to the House upon Thursday eounu^refer- ^ast> Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East red to a Com- India Company) be referred to the Consideration of a mittee. Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 5th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

" Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil,

" Waste Silk, and Timber, and on the Exportation of " British Rock Salt, and Coal," as imposes a Duty on Mahogany imported into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, accord- Mackarel ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, Fishery Bill, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Presented>

" An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel " Fishery And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duty on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Black Lead, House, to consider of the Duty payable on Black ^^C0Mi' Lead imported into this Kingdom.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Foreign Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Melasses Melawea Im-from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and *

in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means e for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill for rais- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ing a Sum by Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Seven Mil-Annuities, iions pjve Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of

committed. . ... , . > j j

Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for Sale The Order of the Day being read, for the Second of Com by Reading of the Bill for the Sale of Com by Weight, ferred.1' an<* Prevent‘ng Frauds in the Sale of Cora by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Hat Duty The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill, deferred, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Mahogany a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so Duty Act. much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties of

Vol. 51.

Martis, 26* die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1796.

Praters.

MR. John Smyth reported from the Committee, Fawkes'* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Estate Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts reP°j^d> of the settled Estates of Walter Fawkes, Esquire, in pas# Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of Manors, or other Hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with, the Mansion House at Farnley Hall, and the Bulk of the settled Estates, to the like Uses as such detached Parts stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to die dame, without any Amendment.

Mr.

0-46

26° Aprilis. A. 17

Bill for a Mr. Blackbm'ne reported from the Committee, to Grant of whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to make a Grant

I^nds for of certa|n Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into

Execution Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Lancas- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ter Canal Act, " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from reported. Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to " West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, " and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended " Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near War ton " Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, " at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near " bury, in the said County Palatine of ,"

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vicar of Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to

Blackburn'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, reputed and An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Blackburn, passed. in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases, with Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do cany the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Howard's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill, for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and committed. Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stoke Roch- Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to ford Inclosure whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bi , reported. ^|ie Qpen Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the Township of with Harrogate, and the adjoining Townships, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Olcbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That, under the Management of the present Trust, the Public have not received the Benefit intended, and the Petitioners and others have been greatly aggrieved, the Money raised and collected having been chiefly expended in making and repairing that Part of the Road which adjoins to Skipton, and, at the same Time the nearest Toll Bar is placed at a Distance of Six Miles from Skipton, by which all the Persons within that Distance, and whose Resort is to Skipton, contribute nothing; that another Bar has been placed in Harrogate, where, by reason of the Resort of Company to that Place, a great Part of the Money received upon the said Road hath been collected, but the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, through which the said Road passes for about Three Miles and an Half, hath only been allowed at the Rate of Four Pounds per Annum, so that the Burthen of making and repairing about One Seventh Part of the Length of the whole Road hath been borne by the Occupiers of Lands in Bilton with Harrogate, and the Petitioners have Reason to believe that, if the Accounts of the Trustees were inspected, it would appear that, by extravagant Salaries, and other unnecessary Expences, the Sums applicable to the Purpose of the Act have been greatly diminished; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Abuses of the past Management are intended to be continued and increased by the Bill proposed, which contains a Clause, that no Toll Bar shall be erected at any other Place than where the present Toll Bars stand, unless it shall be found expedient to erect a Bar at some Place between the Turnpike Road from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate to Knaresborough and Plompton Corner, and by the said Provision the Inhabitants of Harrogate may be subject to pay at Two Bars within a Distance of less than Three Miles, and all the adjoining Townships Southward and Westward of Harrogate, which use Knaresborough Market, may be subject to pay Toll for little more than crossing the Road, from which the Inhabitants of Skipton and that Neighbourhood enjoy, in Effect, an Exemption by the placing of the Bar which is provided to be fixed in its present Position; and that the Petitioners, on the Expiration of the present Act, are desirous of making and maintaining (as they have hitherto done) the Road which leads through Harrogate, at their own Charge, and to be free from the Burthen of a Toll of which they receive so little Benefit: That the Petitioners also observe, that a Clause is inserted in the intended Act to repeal so much of the former Act as exempts Carriages, Horses, Mares, Mules, Asses, or other Cattle, going for, or returning with, any Lime, Dung, Mould, Manure, or Compost, of any Nature or Kind soever, to be employed in Husbandry, or for manuring or improving of Land, or carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, from the Payment of Toll, and the Petitioners are satisfied, if the above-mentioned Repeal takes place, that it will be a great Check to Agriculture, as

Petition frotn Owners, Ac. of Estates in Bilton with Harrogate against Skip-ton Road Bill.

36 Geo. III.

26° Aprilis.

617

Voices to Committee on Swansea Lighthouse Bill.

Account of Sums granted since 29 Oct.

1795, and expended before 5 Apr.

1796, presented.

Motion respecting Report of Petition from the Clerks in the Offices of the Secretaries of State.

the Lands lying near and contiguous to the said Road are mostly of a Moorish Heath, Nature, and cannot be managed in a proper Course of Husbandry without the Assistance of Lime and other Tillage, which will come at a very high Rate, if charged with the Toll proposed by the intended Act: And therefore praying to be heard against the present Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law but with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles, is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Gell, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Sums of Money granted by Parliament since the 29th Day of October 1795, and expended before the 5th Day of April 1796, with a Statement of the Services to which the same were applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, for the Home and Foreign Departments, was referred, be now read}

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the to Bills. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of ftVales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare

Vol. 51.

and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Kenyon, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of His Majesty in Council, respecting the Exportation of Rock Salt, for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Rock Salt, and for making further Provisions relative thereto:

An Act for making the Port of Scarborough, in the Island of Tobago, a free Port, under certain Regulations and Restrictions:

An Act to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing " Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation " into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, " Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, " or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the " Delivery of the same out of Warehouse for Home " Consumption:"

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, " and for repealing and amending several of the Laws " now in being relative thereto :"

An Act for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted . Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl of ftVestmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay Femes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Tide, and Interest, remaining

7 S in

618

26' Apr ills.

A. 1796.

Royal Assent in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of to Bills. Westhay, in the Forest of in the County of

Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs, and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Eight, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same:

An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal Buttons, and to prevent the Purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons:

An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Uutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, " and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public " Passages and Places, within the King's Town of " Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and " preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, " and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the " said Town with Water, and for repairing the High- ways within the Parish of to raise a

further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act:

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto, for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto, and for making several Regulations relating to the said Parish:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Moncellham Quay, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlson Bridge, in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough of Launceston, in the said County of Cornwall:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

o o p

Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the same (adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverurie) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain:

An Act to amend an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place culled The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the said Town:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining " a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at " Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey, at or neaT Netherpool, in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain " Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal,"

and for varying and altering certain Parts of the' church Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherrymans Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the same:

An Act for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further

Support and Preservation of the principal Banks and Works of the said North Level:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes " of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, War boys, Farceitt,

" ground, and Water Newton, in the County of " tingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, and " County of Cambridge," and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called Streetway, in the County of Stafford, through Wolverhampton, to Wordsley Green Gate, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh:

An Act for altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by William Egerton, Esquire, for the Sale of the Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and Interest, advanced upon an Assignment of the Chester Canal Navigation, with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security for the same, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the Will of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of the said Will:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of in the County of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, between the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Canterbury and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of Kent, Esquire:

An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates in the County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden, Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Leslie the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their own Rights, and to Samuel Pipe Wolferstan, Esquire, and John Moore, Clerk, as Trustees under the Wills of Alicia Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel, Spinsters, both deceased, and for other Purposes:

An Act to enable and empower Trustees to sell certain Copyhold Estates belonging to Catherine Dallman

Elliott,

36 Geo. III. 26 Ap 619

Elliott, an Infant, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant:

An Act for vesting the Real Estates, devised by the Will of John Wilkinson, late of Whitby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, or a sufficient Part thereof, in Discharge of his Debts affecting the same Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for placing out at Interest the Residue thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, upon the Trusts declared by the said Will of such Reai Estate:

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within Weardly, Eccup, and in the West

Riding of the County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Sheffield, Baronet) in Edward Lascelles the Elder, Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, discharged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and Trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Eccup, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, East

Breary, and W<ist Breary, in the said County of York, and also, divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the Elder, and Edxoard Lascelles the Younger, of much greater Value, in Lieu thereof, and by Way of Exchange, to the like Uses, Entail, and Trusts:

An Act for effectuating a Partition of the Estates of Thomas Leacroft, Esquire, and John Leacroft, Gentleman, in the Lordship or Liberty of Litchurch, in the County of Derby:

An Act to enable Evelyn P Esquire,

and others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Estates, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of ' Cambridge, devised by John Swale, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold at the same Time with certain Estates of John Swale, Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the first-mentioned Estates in discharging Legacies, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Rectory of Lyth in Trustees, for the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof:

An Act for setting out Lands in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the Woodlands, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barrington, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Maulden, in the County of Bedford

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Vol. 51.

Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places of , in

the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that Part of Willerby which lies in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Sa Mary, otherwise

Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Marston Morctaine, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet and the Vill of Wotton, all in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and allottingv the Open and Common Arable Fields, and extinguishing the Right of Pasturage upon a Piece of Land called Hayne's Close, within the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Half Year's Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scredington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Whitfield, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hambleton, in the Parish of Bray ton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell, Esquire, Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest Baron de Feilitzsch:

An Act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State for the Home and Foreign Departments, was referred, be nbw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Committee on Report of Petition from the Clerks in the Offices of the Secretaries of State,

Report

Supply.

Extraordinaries of the Army.

Unprovided

Ordnance

Services.

Provision for Militia Officers.

Middlesex Justices Bill, reported.

Report on Mahogany Duty Act.

620 96° Aprilis.A. 1796.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Eighty-five thousand Six hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15 th of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ten thousand One hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, previous to the 31st Day of December 1795, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Bill for continuing and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace " in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey " as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more <£ effectual Prevention of Felonies," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, " and on the Exportation Of British Rock Salt, and " Coal," as imposes a Duty on Mahogany imported into this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty granted on the Importation, and the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of Mahogany, by an Act made tin the last Session of Parliament, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Mahogany of the Growth of any of the Bahama Islands, or of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Mahogany not imported directly from any of the Bahama Islands, or the British Limits in the Bay of Honduras, or being the Growth of any other Country or Place, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the said Duties be allowed upon the Exportation of any such Mahogany imported into Great Britain, and exported to any Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Sale of Corn by Weight, and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of Corn by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dutidas, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases: And that Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Abbot, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of London for Africa, since the Year 1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names,

Tonnage,

Bill for Sale of Com by Weight, committed.

Quakers Relief Bill, ordered.

Committee on Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Accounts of Vessels cleared out from the Ports of London, Bristol, &c. &c. for Africa, presented.

36 Geo. III.

Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade: And also,

An Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of Bristol for , since the Year

1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade: And also,

An Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of Liverpool for Africa, since the Year 1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and distinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade: And also,

An Account of all Vessels which have cleared out from the Port of Lancaster for , since the Year

1788, distinguishing each Year, stating the Periods at which they respectively cleared out, and the Periods at which any of them have entered inwards from their respective Voyages; specifying also the Names, Tonnage, and Owners, of the respective Vessels, and dis-

621

tinguishing such of them as have been concerned in the Slave Trade.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, is committed.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain " Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements " in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating " thereto."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

26° Aprilis.

Navy Office, the 26th April 1796.

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the " Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, " or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments " relating thereto."

TO WHOM PAID, AND UPON WHAT ACCOUNT. Dates of the Certificates from the Commissioners of the Longitude to the Commissioners of the Nary, for Payment of the Money. 1 SUMS.

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by Way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical £ s. d.

Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridies, for the Years 1801 and 1802 Disbursements by Dr. Maskelyne to sundry Persons for computing and comparing Nautical Almanacks from the Year 1791 to the Year 1800, and other incidental Expences, being the Balance of his Account, exclusive of the last Imprest of 600l. directed to be allowed by Order 8th December 1790 600

of the Commissioners of the Longitude ----- To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, being for Paper 8th December 1790 79 11 11

supplied by Order of the Commissioners -To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Work done by Order of the 1 ith June 1791 OO <0 OO I

62 16 —

To Mr. Jesse Ramsden, for an Azimuth and Altitude Instrument -To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, for Paper supplied 11th July 1791 126

To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Work done by Order of the 54 1 —

To Dr. Maskelyne, to enable him to defray the Expences of the Appointment of Mr. William Gooch, of Caius College, Cambridge, who is engaged, at a Salary of 400l. per Annum, to proceed to the North West Coast of America, for the Purpose of making Nautical, Astronomical, and Trigonometrical Observations for fixing the Latitude and Longitude of various Points of the Coast and Country, as well as to ascertain their relative Position with respect one to another (by Way 110 5 —

of Imprest) - -To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, for Paper supplied 3d December 500

by Order of the Commissioners - -To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Work done by Order of the 3d March 1792 *75 *9 1

Commissioners - -Vol. 51. 7 T 131 — 4 To

Account of Money issued by the Treasurer of the Navy irf pursuance of Longitude Act, presented.

622

26° Aprilis.

A. 1796

TO WHOM PAID, AND UPON WHAT ACCOUNT. Dates of the Certificates from the Commissioners of the Longitude to the Commissioners of the Navy for Payment of the Money. SUMS.

To Messrs. John and Edward Troughton, for Mathematical Instruments, &c. furnished for the Use of Mr. Gooch ----- 3d March 1792 £. s. d. 86 2 6

To Messrs. Nairne and Blunt, for Mathematical Instruments, &c. furnished for the Use of Mr. Gooch ----- --- D° 37 17 —

To Messrs. P. and J. Dollond, for Mathematical Instruments, &c. furnished for the Use of Mr. Gooch ----- -- D° 20 11 6

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by Way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridies, for the Years 1803 and 1804 6th June 1792 600

To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, for Paper supplied by Order of the Commissioners of the Longitude - 2d March 1793 55 9 —

To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Works done by Order of the Commissioners ----- ----- 94 3 9

To Mr. Nathaniel Smith, for a Temporary Observatory, furnished for the Use of Mr. Gooch, on the North West Coast of America D° 20

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal (by Way of Imprest) to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeridies, for the Years 1805 and 1806 25th June 1793 600

To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Works done by Order of the Commissioners - 20th January 1794 88 — 6

To Mr. Thomas Earnshaw, for repairing and cleaning Time-keepers D° 29 8 —

To Mr. John Crosley, who is to proceed to the North West Coast of America, for the Purpose of making Nautical, Astronomical, and Trigonometrical Observations for fixing the Latitude and Longitude of various Parts of the Coast and Country (in the room of Mr. W. Gooch, deceased) at the Salary of 400 I. per Annum, for such Time as he shall appear, by Certificate under the Hand of the Astronomer Royal, to have been employed on the above Service — For so much in Advance of his Salary for providing Necessaries for the Voyage - 1 st March 250 — _

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne (by Way of Imprest) to pay the Computers in making Calculations for the Improvement of the Nautical Almanacks - - - 18th D° 300

To Mr. John Crosley, for his Salary, from the 7th December 1793 to^ the 7th of September 1794, being 275 Days, at 400l. £. s. d. per Annum ----- -- - 301 7 4 ( Whence abating so much paid him in Advance - 250 / - 5i 7 4

There remains - - £.51 7 4 J To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne (by Way of Imprest) to pay the Computers in making Calculations for the Improvement of the Nautical Almanacks - -- - 27th December 300

To Mr. John Crosley, for his Salary, from the 8th September 1794 to the 13th Febnxary 1795, being 159 Days, at 400l. per Annum . 174 4 n

To Messrs. Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, for Paper supplied by Order of the Commissioners ----- -- To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Works done by Order of the Commissioners ----- ----- 7th March 1795 206 16 2

168 1 9

To Mr. William Wales, Secretary to the Commissioners (by Way of Imprest) for the Purpose of paying certain Sums of Money to several Persons who have been employed by them to make Instruments and Experiments, to try how far those Instruments are useful at Sea - 10th D* 200

To Mr. Ralph Walker, as a Reward for his Invention of a Meridional Compass ----- --- --- 11th June 1795 200

To the Reverend Dr. Maskelyne (by Way of Imprest) to pay the Computers in making Calculations for the Improvement of the Nautical Almanacks - 10th December 400

To Messrs Wright, Gill, Son, and Dalton, Stationers, for Paper supplied by Order of the Commissioners ----- -- 5th March 1796 32 10 —

To Mr. Christopher Buckton, for printing Works done by Order of the Commissioners - ----- --- 00 Oi 1

£. 5,92t 19 9

The whole amounting to the Sum of Five thousand Nine hundred Twenty-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence.

A. S. Hamond. Wm Rule. Geo. Marsh. W. Bellingham.

Ordered,

36 Geo. III. 26° — 27° 623

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cargoes of Account of all Cargoes of Negroes imported into the ported^nt British West India Islands, from the Coast of Africa, the West In- in the several Years from 1789 to the latest Period, dia Islands with the Number that died from the Time of their ordered^r*Ca> ^)e*n8 firs* taken on Board until their Arrival in the West Indies, distinguishing each Year, and the Cargoes brought from that Part of Africa situated between the River Senegal and the River Volta, from those imported from Benin, Bonny, Old and Calabar, and other Ports South of the Volta, the Southern Boundary of the Gold Coast, as far as the same can be made up.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill^at DUty *° reso^ve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read acc

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for rai»- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Annuities'by to res0^ve into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. ' upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lead Dut to reso^ve into a Committee of the whole House,

y' to consider of the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Foreign Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

Wines and a gjji for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Sweets addi- Foreign Wines, and British Sweets: And the same was tional Duties received; and read the First Time.

Bill, pre- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, seated.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on high Price to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred'de* to cons^er further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 6th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the London Mili-Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of tIa Acts-His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for gnmt-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, inga Duty on upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, in certain Cases, be now deferred, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed on Farrer'* Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the D,vorce Bl11-Marriage of Henry Farrer, Esquire, with Mary Goldsmith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Bill for the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the more expedi-whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious tiousConvey-and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Elec- uts

tion of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,27' die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill relating Act for confirming several Purchases, Convey- to the Mar-ances, and Settlements, made of the Estates of the ^d'^LoTd* most Honourable Francis Marquis of Hertford, and wmGordon's Isabella Ann, Marchioness of Hertford, his Wife, Lord &c. Estate*. William Gordon and Frances his Wife, Hugo Meynell read-and Elizabeth his Wife, Henry Hervey Aston and Harriot his Wife, and Sir John Ramsden and Dame Louisa Susanna his Wife, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House " Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

OoeAc^/the upon Bill for amending, and reducing into One Vol. 51.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Farrer'* Di- Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Farrer Esquire, vorce Bill, with Mary Goldsmith, his now Wife, and to enable him pass ' i

to |

624 27° Aprilis. . 1796.

to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Pawnbrokers Mr. Mainwanug reported from the Committee, to and'reiK>rted' w^om ^e Bill to continue so much of an Act, passed mined. in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," as was not repealed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Business within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Howard'* Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Nat. Bill, whom the ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, An

passed61*' Act for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard,

and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard, was committed; That the Committee had examined the ' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

£ Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

East Bridg- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Bill pawed OPen Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title [ be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

! Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other

uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to

| the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

| Hockerton, An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers j a^ouda"' of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign Bill, of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton,

i lington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing i " and widening the several Roads near the Towns of

" Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, and

" Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham," and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of One of the said Roads, in the Village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, all in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to Petition to whom the Petition of David Steel, of Great James Tte Street, Bedford Row, Esquire, was referred; That the ThLtre re-Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- ported. ' tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Winde being examined, said, That The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of London, was built in the Years 1785 and 1786, by Mr.

John Palmer, Comedian, at the Expence of 18,000l.; and that the same was licensed by His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for public Music, Dancing, and other Entertainments of the like Kind: Then,

Mr. George Holmes being examined, said, That the said Theatre became the Property of the Petitioner in the Year 1789, and that he has since expended several Sums of Money in improving the same, which, together with the Purchase Money, have amounted to the Sum of 10,000 /.: And,

Mr. Winde being again examined, said, That the Petitioner opened the said Theatre for public Entertainment with such Amusements as were authorized by the said Licenses, but finding he thereby incurred considerable Losses, the Petitioner caused the same to be closed. — And being further examined, he said,

That the said John Palmer raised the Sum of 7,0001. or thereabouts by the Sale of Renters Shares, each Holder of which is entitled to free Admission to all Performances at the said Theatre, and also to a certain Annuity therefrom, for Twenty-one Years, from the Year 1787, who, by closing of the said Theatre, have become considerable Sufferers. — And the Witness added, That if the Petitioner was enabled to open the said Theatre for the Purposes of the Drama during the Summer Season, his own Losses, and those of the Renters, would be in a great Degree compensated; and that he (the Witness) apprehends the Public will receive a Benefit by such rational Amusements. '

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Debate on posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Motion for His Majesty to license, as a Play House, during the adj°urn' Summer Season, the Theatre commonly known by the Name of The Royalty Theatre, in the Liberty of the Tower of London;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, Marshland to whom the Bill for draining and improving, and for Drainage and inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of 3^^ Common and W aste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and re-com-and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marsh- mitted. land, in the County of Norfolk; and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 8 Common Rights, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the whole Number of such Rights is

* 540;

D litrzed by

Report from Committee appointed to consider General Turnpike Acts.

36 Geo. HI. 27 Aprilis.

625

540; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved \That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

it

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, " the general Laws now in being lor regulating of " Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and " altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cases," and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the said Acts, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Traffic upon the Roads in the Neighbourhood of London is exposed to considerable Inconveniencies by the present Limitation of Weights.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Horses used in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis are capable of drawing greater Weights than are allowed by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels Six Inches in Breadth, and the Tire perfectly flat and cylindrical, should be allowed an additional Weight of Ten Hundred to the respective Weights now allowed in Summer and Winter, on paying an Addition of 50/. per Cent. upon the Tolls now paid at the respective Turnpike Gates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Waggons, having the Fellies of the Wheels Six Inches in Breadth, and the Tire perfectly flat and cylindrical, should be allowed an additional Weight of Thirteen Hundred to the respective Weights now allowed in Summer and Winter, on paying an Addition of 50/. per Cent, upon the Tolls now paid at the respective Turnpike Gates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, as Weighing Engines are intended to prevent excessive Weights, and not to increase the Revenues of the Turnpikes, the Trustees of Roads should be restrained from leasing or otherwise letting the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Weighing Engine should be inspected by and under the Regulation of The Inspectors of Weights and

Balances, or of such Persons as the Magistrates of the County shall appoint.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Roads suffer materially from the conical Shape of the Sixteen Inch Wheels, and from the projecting Tire, and the improper Form of Nine Inch Wheels now iu Use.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Wheels of all Waggons and Carts, of the Breadth of Six or Nine Inches, should be perfectly flat and cylindrical.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Weights, now allowed to Waggons with Sixteen Inch Wheels, are injurious to the Roads.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Regulations proposed, with respect to the Weights to be carried in Carts and Waggons, should be limited to a Distance within Twenty-five Miles of the Metropolis, and to continue for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Cantor In-the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and closure Bill, such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, Paaed-as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caislor, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 7. To leave out " Wool.'*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caislor, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Mills; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, varying, and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the North

Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to.

Bill for better Regulation of Mills.

Weston Inclosure Bill.

Bill to amend the Old Malton Ijiclosur* Act, with Amendments.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed S?.Jone9^.,. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the lvorce 1 Marriage of the Reverend William Brook *

Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

7 U Mr.

62G 27°

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Richmond The House being informed that Mr. from

Accwmts^k Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the presented.' Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, " 1794 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account,

" 1795"

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill respect- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ing the hind- more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, &c orderedS* Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels,

and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolution Mr. Hobart according to Order, reported from the respecting Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-the Offices'of ^erre<^ f° consider of the Report which was made from the Secreta- the Committee to whom the Petition of the Clerks in l ies of State, the Offices of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of reported. State, for the Home and Foreign Departments, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the principal Secretaries of State for the Home and Foreign Departments, to be distributed among the Clerks in their respective Offices, in Compensation for the Advantages which such Clerks do now enjoy, from their sending and receiving printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, of which Advantages they may be deprived by a Bill now depending in this House for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain; and that the said Sum be charged upon, and made payable out of, the Revenues arising in the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post, in Great Britain, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Aprilis. ‘ A. 1790;

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is. King's Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the sent to Bar-several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste met

Grounds, within the Parish of Barwick in Elmet in the Bill.

County of York, which Bill was, upon Thursday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Black Lead to consider of the Duty payable on Black Lead imported Dul>-into this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the Duty now payable on the Importation, and the Drawback allowed on the Exportation, of Black Lead, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That a Duty of One Shilling be charged on every Hundred Weight of Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed on every Hundred Weight of Black Lead exported from this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Mahogany Order, a Bill for charging the Duty on Mahogany im*- Duty Bill, ported, by Weight: And the same was received; and presented, read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^j^sand to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the s'

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* on.®iU *®r upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And

36Cf.o.III.

627

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for restraining the Issue of any Sums of Money, which might be raised by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the u Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six;" and also, " An Act for raising a further Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six." Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the' Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mackerel A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fishery Bill, last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Mackerel Fishery," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ypon the said Bill.

Mr. Serjeant Adair presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

on Report resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

I tain forth'* to cons*der of the Report which was made from the Petition, Committee, to whom the Petition of George deferred! Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

pnmmitt — Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Genera'l*61 Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Turnpike intituled, "An Act to explain and amend, and reduce Act*,revived. " into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now " in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," and also, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " intituled, "An Act to explain and amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Payment " of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the " Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on " Turnpike Roads; and following certain Exemptions Vol. 51,

committed.

Quakers Relief Bill, presented.

Instruction respecting Exchequer Bills.

" with respect to Weight and Payment of Tpll in particular Cases;" and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- To report mittee, that they do report the Minutes of the Evidence, M*"utes of taken before them, to the House. V1 ence‘

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Gringley

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, JP the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Bill,'reported. Grounds, within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to, Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 20 /.

Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 41. 8$. 6 d.who declared themselves Neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be affected by the Bill are assessed to the Land Tax at 162/. 7 per Annum] and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from Accounts re-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at huing to the the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented 1"^iia to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented

N° 1. An Account of the Stock; per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) on the 1st March 179b: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales from the 1st of March 1795 to the 1st of March 1796: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Amount of the Sales of the East India Company's Goods from March 1795 to March 1796, the Charges and Profit on Private Trade, &c. and the Expences of Customs, Freight, and other Charges, paid thereout, compared with the Average Estimate of Receipts and Payments, as formed by a Committee of Accounts in February 1793: And also,

N° 4. An Account of what Money has been paid by the East India Company to Government, of the 500,000l. per Annum provisionally to be paid by them, and of the Balance now due from the East Indus Company.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.'

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read-

Ordered, That the said Accounts £>e referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House, upon Thursday last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India _ . Company).

Ordered, That such.a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Tbp said Accounts &re; preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

Supply,

deferred.

Hat Duty Bill, deferred.

Northam Bridge, &c. Bill, passed.

Tarrington Inclosure Bill, reported.

Lenton and Radford Inclosure Bill, committed.

628 27° — 28

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 28® die Aprilis;

Anno 36* Georgii III*U Regis, 1796. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Itchin at or near , within the

Liberties of the ‘Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from End to

Botley, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo-. sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 21 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of 468 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed' to be made to the Question; viz.

Aprilis. A. 17

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Bernard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the' Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 20th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County " of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool, " in the County of Chester, and also for making and " maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, wTere delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Johnson, Gentleman, Impropriator of the Tythes within the Township of East icith, in the Parish of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands within the said Township,-was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Stockwith, Bliton,

Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln; and Representing to the House, That there are several Powers and Provisions contained in the said Bill, with respect to the Township of East Stocku'ith aforesaid, which, if passed into a Law, would be very injurious to the Property of the Petitioner within the said Township: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to his Property, and may have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself.

Report on Ellesmere Canal Deviation Bill, (between Ruabon and Chester) further considered.

Mr. Johnson'* Petition against Morton, -Walkerith, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill.

36 Geo. III.

28° Ap

Hamond's Estate Bill, reported, and

Jones's Divorce Bill,

Barwickin Elmet Inclosure Bill,

Luddington and Gar-thorpe Inclosure Bill, reported.

himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond, Esquire, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant Leases of Part of the said Estates for the Purpose of Building, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same,' without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Brook Jones, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the County of York, was read the Third Time

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to enable the Rector, with the Consent of the Archbishop, to lease the Great Tythes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Banvick in Elmet, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates, within the said Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, assessed to the Land Tax at 7/. $s. 7# per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except

Vol. 51.

Pr. 5. 1. 9. 1. 19.

1. 28.

629

the Owners of Estates, assessed at 3/. 17 10 per

Annum, who were neuter; and also, except the Owner of an Estate, assessed at 2/. 14$. 7 per Annum, who was incapable of signing the Bill, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and that the Whole of the Estates within the said Townships are assessed to the Land Tax at the AnnualSum of 117/. 3 s.7 \; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Amendments An Act for altering, varying, and amending an Act, amend the passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His old Malton present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and Inclosure Act, improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, a8reedt0-and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out " Lands," and insert " Estates."

Leave out from " the" to " Lands," in 1. 22, and insert several " other Owners and Proprietors " of."

Leave out from " Estates " to " the," in 1. 34.

Pr. 6. 1. 37. Leave out from " Act" to " Provided," in Pr. 9.1. 8, and insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That

" all the Costs, Charges, and " Expences attending the preparing, passing, and executing this Act, and all such " other proper incidental Costs,

" Charges, and Expences whatsoever, of any of the said Proprietors, or any Person or " Persons who have been employed as Attorney, or otherwise, by or on the Behalf of " any such Proprietors, in anywise relating thereto, as the " said Commissioners shall think " just and reasonable to be defrayed and paid by the several Persons interested in the " said Common or Moor, and " other Waste Grounds, shall be enquired into, fixed, settied, and ascertained by the " said Commissioners; and that " the Owners and Proprietors of " Messuages and Houses situate " in the said Borough of New " Malton, to whom the said ' " One hundred Acres shall be " assigned, set out, and allotted " as aforesaid, shall bear and " pay their fair and equal Share " and Proportion of all the " Costs, Charges, and Expences "by the said recited Act directed to be paid by the several 7 X " Proprietors,

630

28° Aprilis.

" Proprietors interested in the " Lands and Grounds thereby " directed to be inclosed, so far " as relates to the said Common " or Moor, and other Waste " Grounds, and the Division " and Allotment thereof, and also their fair and equal Share and " Proportion of all such Costs,

" Charges, and Expences, attending the obtaining, passing, and " executing this Act, as shall be " so fixed, settled, and ascertained by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in the Proportion that the said One " hundred Acres shall bear to the " Value of the said Common " or Moor, and other Waste " Grounds, such Proportion to " be also fixed, settled, and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and that the Residue " of the Costs, Charges, and Expences by the said recited Act " directed to be paid by the several Proprietors interested in the Lands and Grounds thereby directed to be inclosed, and " also of the Costs, Charges, and " Expences attending the obtaining, passing, and executing this Act, shall be borne " and paid by the several Owners and Proprietors of Estates " within the Manor and Parish " of Old Malton aforesaid, in Proportion and according to " the Value of the Allotments " to be made to them respectively on the said Common " or Moor, and other Waste " Grounds, such Residue of the " said Costs, Charges, and Expences to be fixed, settled, and " ascertained by the said Commissioners j and that the Own- ers and Proprietors of Messuages and Houses situate in the " said Borough of New

" to whom the said One hundred Acres shall be assigned and " allotted as aforesaid, shall bear " and pay the Whole of the Fees,

Charges, and Expences to the " Counsel, Arbitrators, Umpire,

" and Solicitors employed by Pr. 9. " them, or any of them, or on " their or any of their Behalf,

" and all other the Charges and " Expences already incurred in " or relating to the determining " the respective Claims made " by any of the Owners and " Proprietors of Messuages or " Houses in the said Borough of " New Malton, and in or relating to the Objections made " by or on Behalf of any such Owners and Proprietors, to " the Claims made by or on Pr. 10. M Behalf of any other Persons,

" and also the Whole of the " Charges and Expences by " them to be incurred in and " about the determining the ir

A. 1796.

" respective Shares and Proportions of the said One hundred " Acres of the said Common or " Moor, according to the Average Value as aforesaid, such " Fees, Charges, and Expences " to be borne and paid by the " respective Persons subject to " the Payment thereof, in equal " Shares, according to the Number of such their Messuages " and Houses; and that the several Owners and Proprietors " of Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments situate within " the Manor and Parish of Old " Malton aforesaid, shall bear " and pay the Whole of the " Fees to the Counsel, Arbitrators, Umpire, and Solicitors " employed by them respectively, and all other Charges " and Expences already incurred or to be incurred in or " relating to the hearing and " determining the Claims of " Right of Common on the " said Common or Moor, and " other Waste Grounds, made " by any of the Owners and " Proprietors of Estates within " the said Manor and Parish of " Old Malton, and in or relating " to the Objections made by or " on Behalf of any such Owners and Proprietors, to the " Claims of such Right of Coramon made by or on Behalf of " any other Persons, such Fees, " Charges, and Expences to be " enquired into, fixed, settled, " and ascertained by the said " Commissioners, and borne and " paid by the said several Owners and Proprietors of Estates " within the said Manor and " Parish of Old Malton, in Proportion and according to the " Value of the Allotments to " be made to them respectively " on the said Common or Moor, " and other Waste Grounds; " any Thing in the said recited " Act contained to the contrary " thereof in anywise notwithstanding."

1. 11. Leave out from " paid " to " shall," in 1.12, and insert " in respect " of the Estate belonging to the " said Hospital, and also all " other Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been or " shall be sustained on Behalf of " the said Estate, in anywise relating to or concerning the " said Division and Inclosure." 1. 13. Leave out from " defrayed" to " by," in 1. 15.

1. 23. Leave out " Master, Brethren, and " Sisters," and insert " Estate." 1. 17. After " same " insert the following Proviso: " Provided always, " that nothing contained in the " said recited Act or this Act, " shall authorize or empower " the said Master, Brethren,

" and

r K*

36 Geo. III. 28°

631

Pr. n.

" and Sisters to exchange the " Mansion or Monastery House " belonging to the said Estate, " or any of the inclosed Lands " or Mills which were occupied " with the said Mansion or Monastery House, on the First " Day of January One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninetysix."

1. 31. After " be" insert " allotted or." 1. 36. After " be " insert " allotted or." 1. 38. After "such" insert " Allotments " and."

I. 2. After " be " insert " allotted or." 1. 9. After " same" insert " Leases."

1. 19. After " such" insert " Allotments

" or."

1. 23. Leave out " Exchange" and insert " Allotments or Exchanges respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Hotting- A Petition of Finch Hollingworth, of , in

vaith's Peti- the County of Kent, on Behalf of himself and others, Pa" a*Manu- ^whers of Paper Mills and Works, in the County of fkturers Bill. Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it has been usual with the Petitioner, and other Owners of Paper Mills and Works as aforesaid, to give extraordinary Reward and Encouragement to such of their Workmen as are most skilful, sober, and industrious, from which Practice the Petitioner and others have reaped great Advantages, and the Articles manufactured by them have been made of a superior Quality; and that there is a Bill now depending in the House to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory, and for the better Regulation of their Wages, which, by limiting the precise Quantum of Wages to be given, directly or indirectly, to each Individual Workman, will make it, as the Petitioner is advised, unsafe to give any Distinction or Reward as an Encouragement to superior Skill or Merit, and, by destroying all Emulation amongst the Workmen, would, if suffered to pass into a Law, be productive, as the Petitioner apprehends, of the most serious Inconvenience; and that the said Bill also contains several other Provisions and Regulations, which, the Petitioner apprehends, will be very injurious to the Trade, and disadvantageous to the Public: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Parts of the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill respect- Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according fag the laud- to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the landing & Presented! Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Pre-

'p " sence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences, in Case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vo*,. 51.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Committee Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ^GloveTax intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Ac '

" Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons " vending Gloves or Mittens; and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as grants certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens by Retail.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Longitude Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement consi ere ‘

" and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries " for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other " useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation,

" and for making Experiments relating thereto; and " for adding a Commissioner to execute the several " Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has Account been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, referred, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of.

His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons " making certain Discoveries for finding the Lon- .

" gitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries " and Improvements in Navigation, and for making " Experiments relating thereto," be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- andiMeans. ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charging a 1 That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Dntyon ? Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Greyhound, keepinR Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, or who shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Five Shillings for each Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, and also for each Dog, where Two or more shall be so kept; and every Person who shall inhabit any Dwelling House assessed to any of the Duties on Inhabited. Houses, or on Windows or Lights, and shall keep One Dog, and no more, such Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound,

Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Three Shillings for such Dog.

Resolved,

Allowances to Militia Officers.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, reported.

Hat Duty Bill, reported.

London Docks, &c. Bill, deferred.

Account of S avy, &c. Bills, ordered, Amount of

632

28° Aprilis. 1T96.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, for the Year 1796, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1796.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas T Mr. John Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

'Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the Amount of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out between the 1st of February 1795 and the 30th of September following, inclusive, with Interest computed thereon to the 5th Day of April 1796.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on for upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on rw^nSuc* Succession to Real Estates, in certain Cases, be now cession to read. Real Estates.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Black Lead Order, a Bill for reducing the Duty payable on Black Duty Bill, Lead imported into this Kingdom: And the same was Presented-received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for fur-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ther Support upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates ae e within the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon the 13th Day of this Instant April, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men destined for the Expedition to the West Indies, under Sir Charles Grey, at the Close of the Year 1793, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men destined for the Expedition to the West Indies, under Sir Charles Grey, at the Close of the Year 1793.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Account oif the Number of Men withdrawn from that Service, in order to form the Expedition to the Coast of France under Lord Moira.

Debate on Motion for Account of Men destined for the Expedition under Sir C. Grey, resumed.

Accounts and Papers respecting the Expedition t» the West Indies, Ordered — and Motions relative theieto, &c.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men withdrawn from the Forces destined for the Expedition to the West Indies under Sir Charles Grey, and placed under the Command of the Earl of Moira.

Ordered,

36 Geo. III. 28° Aprilis. 633

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men, who, after the Conquest of Martinique, Saint Lucie, and Gmdaloupe, were

detached to Saint Domingo by Sir Charles Grey.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, 'i'hat there be laid before this House, the different Applications made by the several Commanders in Chief in the West Indies, for Reinforcements, since the Appointment of Sir Charles Grey to the Appointment of Sir Ralph Abercromby, or such Parts of the same as can with Safety be communicated.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Returns of the Number of Men detached from and the Continent of Americ, to the West Indies, between the 1st of January 1793 and the 1st of April 1796.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

' That there be laid before this House, a Copy of General Doyle's Appointment, and an Account of the Regiments ordered to serve under his Command;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of all Letters from Admiral Christian and General cromby, from the Date of their Appointments, respecting the Delay of the sailing of the Armament under their Command;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there he laid before this House, a Return of the Number of Ships foundered or missing, and the Number of Men lost or missing, belonging to the Expedition under General Abercromby;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the General and Staff Officer?, and Regiments, serving under Major General the Earl of Moira, in the Year *795-

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of British Infantry, serving under the Command of the Earl of Moira in June 1794, and on the 1st of August 1795.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Instructions given to Sir John Borlase Warren, relative to the Expedition to in June and July

1795;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Number of Officers and Men lost by Disease in the West Indies, since the Arrival of Sir Charles Grey, to the End of last Year, specifying the Loss sustained in each Regiment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men who died on Board Transports at Plymouth, Portsmouth, Southampton, or in the Ports of Great Britain or Ireland, destined for the West Indies, in the Years 1794 and 1795;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " together with Copies or Extracts of Letters or 'Me* " morials on this Subject, from the Officers commanding the Troops on Board the said Transports, from " the Mayor of Plymouth, and from Lord George " Lennox, Governor of Plymouth Garrison."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Vol. 51.

Then the main Question being put, That there be Accounts and laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Papers, re-Men who died on Board Transports at Plymouth, p'^pdition^o Portsmouth, Southampton, or in the Ports of Great the West into//! or Ireland, destined for the West Indies, in the dies, ordered Years 1794 and 1795; — and Mo-

lt passed in the Negative

Oraeredy I hat there be laid before this House, a Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council appointing a particular Board for the Conduct of the Transport Service.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all Correspondence which passed between the Secretary at War, the Transport Board, and the Master General and Board of Ordnance, respecting the Delay of the Expedition under Sir Ralph Abercromb

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Hospital Stores sent to the Indies, for His Majesty's Service, in the Years 1794 and 1795, specifying the Ships in which they were sent; and of all Applications from the Hospital at Saint Pierre, in Martinique, on this Subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Expence incurred in the Transport Service, lor the Expedition to the West Indies, in the Years 1794 and 1795, so far as the same can be ascertained.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Proclamation issued in the Name of His Majesty in Saint Domingo, signed Parker anil Forbes, and dated

Mole Saint Nicholas, December 10th 179.5.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the French Regiments raised and embodied in England, in the Years 1794 and 1795, distinguishing the Number of Men in each Regiment, and stating the Services on which they have been employed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a joint Letter from Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jei'vis, dated the 13th of April 1794; and a Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey, dated the 6th and 8th of May, together with Extracts of Letters from Sir Charles Grey of the 16th and 25th of March, the 12th, 13th, 22d, and 29th of April, the 6th of May, the 11th and 13th of June, and the 8th, 17th, and 21st of July 1.794, to Mr. Secretary Dundas.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Major General Williamson, dated Martinique, the 10th of May *794-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter, dated the 28th of April 1794; and Extracts from those of the 18th of December 1793, the 13th of January, 6th of February, 7th of March, 22d of April, 24th of May, 25th of August, 28th of September, and 21st of November 1794, from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts from the Letters of Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Williamson, of the 13th of December 1793, and of the 20th of March 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from John King, Esquire, under Secretary of State, to Major General Williamson, dated the 3d of April 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract of a Letter from Sir Ralph Abercromby to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated the 27th of October 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir

7 Y Jeremiah

Accounts and Papers respecting the Expedition to the West indies, oruered — and Motions relative thereto, &c.

634

28° Aprilis.

A. 1796.-

Jeremiah Fitzpatrick, Knight, M.D. dated the Sth of

September 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated the 23d of January 1795; and a Copy of their Answer to Mr. Secretary dated the same

Day.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated the 6th of February 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated Horse Guards, the 28th of February 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract of a Letter from Sir Ralph Abercromby to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated the 27th of October 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated the 3d of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated the 24th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated the 10th of October 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Paper, intituled, " A Proposal for a Board " of Military and Medical Officers, to frame Regulations for the better Preservation of the Health of " Troops at Sea, and on Service in hot Climates," dated the 10th of September 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Paper, intituled, " A Report of the Board " appointed by Sir Ralph Abercromby to consider of " Regulations for the better Preservation of the Health of the Troops on the Voyage to the West " Indies, and on Service there."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Regulations to be observed by Troops embarked in Transports for Service abroad, particularly by those destined for the West Indies, dated the 10th of October 1795, and signed by the Secretary at War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract from the Report made by Doctor Macnamara Hayes, dated the 1 oth of November 1795, on the Medical Equipment of the Forces under the Command of Lieutenant General Sir Ralph AbercroK. B. destined

for the Leeward Islands.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an V.

Extract of a Letter from Major General John White to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Cork, the nth of December 1795; and Extracts of Two Letters from him to William Huskisson, Esquire, Under Secretary of State,

dated Cork, the 1st and 4th of February 1790.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of all the Provision in I^nds in Well Moor, and Broad and Short Fen, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and inXsure, read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining and im- &c. Bill/ proving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolkj and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof; ancj Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners iie adjoining to the said Smeeth and Fen, and it would be advantageous to them, if Provision was made in the said Bill for enabling the Commissioners, to he appointed under the Authority thereof, to include the Lands of the Petitioners in the Drainage of the said Smeeth and Fen, upon the Petitioners making Application to them for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Hartwell, from Account of the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called ^-°u in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Bills pre-" to their Order, ' seated.

An Account shewing the Amount of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out between the 1st of February 1795 and the 30th of September following, inclusive, with Interest computed thereon to the 5th Day of April 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An

Bill for Conveyance of printed Votes, &c. by the Post, deferred.

Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, deferred.

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Mackarel Fishery Bill, deferred.

36 Geo. III. 28° — 29° Aprilis. 635

Navy Office, 28th April 1796.

An ACCO UNT shewing the Amount of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out between the 1st of February 1795 and the 30th of September following, inclusive, with Interest computed thereon to foe 5th Pay of April 1796.

1795: PRINCIPAL. INTEREST. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. d. £. s. d.

February - - - - 349,7/0 1211 16,237 366,007 12 11

March ----- - 689,133 10 2 29,391 718,524 10 2

April ----- - 503,296 13 10 19,922 523,218 13.10

QD 1 1 1 9 l 1 525,968 3 5 i9,!75 545,143 3 5

J unc — — 597,358 4 11 19,736 — — 617,094 4 11

July - - - 607,971 7 2 18,153 626,124 7 2

August 647,089 1 2 i7,090 664,179 1 2

September ----- - 857,637 11 6 19,816 877,453 11 6

£. Abate Six Months Inte 4,778,225 5 1 rest, paid in February, i59>52o March, April, May, 4,937,745 5 1

June, and July Remains - £. 32,747 14 3 4,904,997 10 10

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Four Millions Nine hundred and Four thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence.

A. S. Hamond. IV" Rule. Geo. Marsh. W. Palmer.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the baying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Vol. 51.

"An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel

" Fishery."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Committee ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mr^Suin ° House, to consider of the Report which was made forth's Peti-from the Committee to whom the Petition of George tion, deferre Stainjorth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 29* die Anno 36* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

Praters.

MR. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, Pawnbroke to whom the Bill to continue so much of ah re-ernnmitt Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of report His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further " regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," as was not repealed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-? third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several

other

ill respect-the Land ax Assess-lent for the alt Office, ?ported.

utting Re-il Hu tellers etition, ported.

636 29° ApA. 1T96.

other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend-

O O 1 %

ment thereunto, which they had directed him to rejiort 'to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment, was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Cutting Retail Butchers of London, Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Places adjacent thereto, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report tlje same, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Willed,a Cutting Butcher, being called in,

was asked, What was meant by a Jobber of Cattle? he said. They buy Cattle of the Graziers and Farmers, which would come from them to Market were they not prevented by these People, which is the Means of considerably enhancing the Price — That there is not a Doubt but that more than Half the Cattle, both Beasts and Sheep. (but more particularly the Beasts) are jobbed that come into Smithji — That in the Month of June last he was cheapening some Cattle of a Mr. Pooiey, a Salesman in Smithfie who asked a great Price for them, that he (the Witness) asked what could be the Cause of it, and he (the Salesman) told him he believed it was in consequence of jobbing; and that a Mr. Ltncdon and Co. of had,

during the Spring of 1795, jobbed upwards of a thousand Beasts, by which they must have cleared at least 2,000l.: And the Witness further said, that Air. J. Earle, a Salesman in said to him,

he wished jobbing to be done away within Thirty Miles of London, for that it was arrived to a very alarming Heighth, and that by Means of the Jobbers he could give no Satisfaction to his Employers the Graziers, who did not deal with Jobbers; that the Practice of jobbing has existed for a considerable Time, but never to that Excess which it has done for the last Two Years. — And being asked, Whether there would be any Difficulty in the Farmers and Graziers getting their Stock to London were there no such Men as Jobbers? he said, None at all, for there are Drovers for that Purpose, as regularly calling for the Stock as the Butchers send their Journeymen round with Meat to their Customers. — And being asked, 'Whether he

conceived the Practice of jobbing enhanced the Price of Cattle in the London Market? he said, Very consi- derably. — Then,

Mr. John Hawkes, a Cutting Butcher, being called in, was asked. What Information he could give respecting the jobbing of Cattle ? he said. He has seen reat Quantities brought to Market by Men who were nown to be Jobbers, and never fed Cattle — That several of the Salesmen complain very much, and think they are a very great Evil, and the Cause of enhancing the Price of Meat very much; and that he (the Witness) is of the same Opinion — That no longer ago than Friday he saw' a Jobber in Smithfield, who had got some very fine Scotch Beasts, and asked at the Rate of 7 id.per lb. — that Mr. Self, a Salesman, came

up, and said, he hoped the Jobbers would be deceived, and not get the Price they had given for their Cattle, and that he wished to see all Jobbers suppressed, for they caused so much Confusion among the Graziers in the Country, that it was impossible for the Salesmen to give Satisfaction to the Graziers who employed them — that the Jobbers rode about the Country, and if they found a Grazier who was not inclined to sell them his Cattle, but determined to send them to the London Market, they very often tempted them with Prices more than they were really worth, to induce the Graziers to let them have them, and so get the Stock into their own Hands — That when the Graziers have sent their Cattle to Market after the Jobbers have been with them, it was impossible for the Salesmen to give Satisfaction, because the Jobbers had bid more for their Cattle than they knew they were worth — That he (the Salesman) had many Times been bid a very good Price for Cattle by Butchers, and frequently more than they could make of them, which he has been obliged to refuse, as he knew the Jobbers had been with the Graziers, and offered more — That he (the Salesman) wras very certain, while Jobbers were allow'ed, Meat w:puld never be cheap in this Metropolis — That the Markets all along the Road up to London were so infested with Jobbers, that the Graziers could not get their Cattle up to London, although they had sent them out with Drovers, with Orders for them to be drove to the London Market. — That a Butcher at Stevenage told him (the Witness) that the Cattle were so entirely in the Hands of Jobbers, that he was often obliged to come to Smithfield to buy Cattle of them, though many went through the Place from wffience he came. — That the Witness has a Brother in Worcestershire (a Butcher), who lately wrote to him to know the Price of Meat in the London Market, for that the Jobbers so infested the Fairs, and monopolized the Cattle, that they are obliged to give any Price they demand — That he (the Witness) has seen the same Thing in Smithfield Market an hundred Times — That his Brother likewise informed him by his Letter, that there is a Jobber in store Sheep comes to their Market every Week, and very seldom buys so few as an Hundred, and that those Sheep are brought there by Jobbers, so that none of the Farmers or Graziers in the Neighbourhood can have any until such Time as the above Person has had the Refusal of them, and taken as many as he thinks fit — That he (the Witness's Brother) could have pointed out Twenty of these Sort of Jobbers within this Twelvemonth — -that they have the Market entirely in their own Hands, and that he never saw a greater Plenty of fat Cattle at this Time of the Year than there is at present. — And being asked. Whether there would be any Difficulty in the Farmer or Grazier conveying his Stock to London, if there were no such Persons as Jobbers? he said, Not the least, as the Graziers know as well how to have their Cattle conducted to Smithfield Market, as if they were within Two Miles of it — That it is the Custom of the Salesmen, where they are not interrupted by the Jobbers, to send thek Drovers round to the different Farmers

oa and

36 Geo. III. 29" April

and Graziers for their Cattle, and write to them, when they find the Market is likely to want a Supply. — And being asked, Whether the Farmers and Graziers would not get rather more than less for their Cattle, while the Consumer got his Meat cheaper, if there were no Jobbers? he said, He believed they would, though there might sometimes be an Exception — That it is the general Opinion of those who frequent field Market, that Three Fourths of the Cattle are jobbed before they get there; and that he has been frequently informed by Salesmen, that Cattle are jobbed Four or Five different Times before they reach Smithfield Market. — And being asked, Whether he knew a Mr. E. Cramp ? he said, Yes, and that he attends different Markets — That Mr. Turpin, a Salesman and Butcher at St. Ives, informed a Mr. Smith and him, that Cramp generally attended St. Ives and Stevenage Markets, and had bought Eighty-one Head of fat Cattle that were on the Road coming to Smithfield and that he was going again to Stevenage for the same Purpose. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Smith, a Cutting Butcher, being called in, was asked, What Information he could ive respecting the bringing of Cattle to Market ? — e confirmed the Evidence given by the last Witness, as to the jobbing of Mr. Cramp, and said, That that Practice must necessarily increase the Price of Meat to the Consumer — That Tunbridge, Sevenoaks, and Maidstone, have been the Seat of jobbing for some Time, and that jobbing is now become almost general throughout the Kingdom, by which is obtained a Command over the Graziers, and enhance the Price in the London Market — That he knows a Person at Stowe on the IVolds, a very considerable Dealer in that Way, and that the Butchers about can buy nothing for him. — Then,

Mr. John Bate, a Cutting Butcher, being called in, was asked, When Beef first made any considerable Advance? he said. About Seven Years ago — That about that Time one Godson, a Carcase Butcher, informed him, that he had some Cattle in Smithfield which netted to him from 3/. to 5/. per Head by jobbing. — And being asked, What he conceived to be a fair Profit on his Meat? he said, 3 d.per Stone of 8lbs. — And being asked, Whether he knew what a Carcase Butcher's Profit is? he said, Nearly equal to the Cutting Butcher's — That if the Cutting Butchers were to kill their own Meat, they would gain after the Rate of 6 d. per Stone; but, owing to the Jobbers, they are unable to purchase live Meat. — Then,

Mr. John Pope, a Cutting Butcher, being called in, was asked, What he knew respecting jobbing? he said, That he has heard from Salesmen, with whom he has dealt, that the Beasts he had been about to purchase were jobbed; and that they wished jobbing was totally abolished, as it bred such Confusion in the Country; and that if they could have the Cattle immediately from the Graziers to the Market, they could sell them at a Price to satisfy the Butcher. — And being asked, What further Information he could give respecting the Practice of jobbing? he said, From the Salesmen he has heard that the Cattle sent to Smithfield, particularly on a Friday, are Three Parts jobbed Beasts, and that it was impossible to sell those Beasts that were Graziers Beasts to the Satisfaction of their Employers, as the Jobbers had been many of them endeavouring to buy those Beasts, and finding the Graziers not inclined to sell, they have used this Argument, that the Beasts would fetch more then than if kept Five or Six Weeks longer, by which Means they have drawn off the Beasts before they have been ready to come, so that there must be lost, out of every Score of Beasts that come, at least One Fourth in Quantity, by Means of being drawn away by Jobbers — That when the Jobbers go to the Graziers, and they are not inclined to sell them, they endeavour to tempt them Vot. 51.

by a Price far more than they even intend to give; so when those Beasts are sent to Smithfield, the Salesmen are not able to make the Money for them as bid by the Jobber, and the next Quantity of Beasts the Grazier has to dispose of, he is inclined to sell to the Jobber, fearing the y may not fetch in the Market so much as before — That he (the Witness) thinks that it is impossible for the Public to have meat at any fair Price whilst this Practice is continued, nor the Cutting Butcher be enabled to get a Living. — And being asked, Whether he ever enquired the Price of Sheep in Smithfield Market, and found they were not to be sold till a Jobber had the Refusal, and which Jobber afterwards sold them to him ? he said, Yes; and that they were sold to him by the same Salesman on the Jobber's Account. — That a Grazier in Bedfordshire informed him (the Witness) that he could not get a Lot of store Sheep into his Hands that had not been jobbed before, and that he wished it was abolished, as it was an Injury to the Public. — And being asked, If Jobbers were entirely abolished, would it put the Grazier under any Difficulty in sending his Stock to the London Market ? he said, There are Drovers belonging to all Parts of the Kingdom, w ho collect Cattle from the Graziers. — Then,

Mr. Edward Adams, late a Salesman in Smithfield, being examined, said, He had been Salesman near Fifty Years. — And being asked, What has been the Practice of jobbing ? he said, That Beasts have been jobbed ever since he could remember, and that he has sold many such Cattle — that the Jobbers buy their Oxen of the Graziers in the Country — that he has sold for Graziers as well as Jobbers; and that the Cattle take all the same Chance in the Market. — And being asked, Whether the Farmers and Graziers would be under any Difficulty in sending their Cattle to Smithfield, ,w'ere there no such People as Jobbers? he said, They would not. — And being asked, Whether he knew of any Instances of Jobbers meeting the Droves? he said, That Butchers sometimes met them at Hounslow, and bought them for their own Use. — And being asked, If he knew of any Practice of forestalling in the London Market ? he said, That such Things are done, but that he never sold Beasts in the Market twice over — That the Graziers and Farmers consign their Cattle to the Salesman in London, and send a Letter, informing him, that on such a Day they intend sending so many. — And being asked, Whether those Cattle always arrive? he said, Sometimes an Accident happened on the Road — That he never knew any Cattle jobbed on the Road. — And being asked, How the Jobbers deal? he said, They sometimes bought Beasts at Smithfield, and other Markets in the Country — That he would never have any Thing to do with Jobbers, because he did not like them, as they bought Cattle to sell again in the same Market. — And being asked, How often he has known the same Beast sold in the same Market? he said, He could not tell how often, but that there has been a good deal of that Practice, and by People who make it their Business to job Cattle. — And being asked, If those People were not suffered, would the Market be as well supplied? he said, Yes; for the Cattle must come. — And being asked, Whether he has not heard One and all declare that the enormous Price given for lean Stock was entirely owing to the Practice of jobbing? he said, Yes, most certainly; and that he fully concurred in that Opinion. — And being asked, Whether he did not attribute the enormous Addition in the Price of Oxen at the Country Fairs to the Practice of jobbing ? he said, He did. — And being asked, If there was an End put to the Practice of jobbing, whether the Butcher would not be enabled to sell his Meat cheaper than at present ? he said, It might certainly make a Difference. — Then,

7 Z Mr.

Cutting Re tail Butclx* Petition, re poited.

638 29° Avrihs. A, 17

"nttR8 t* Mr. Thomas Holbech, a Salesman in being

'etition^re-3 in, was asked, How Cattle were brought to

wrted. ' Smithfield Market ? he said, They are consigned to Drovers, in different Parts of the Country, some by the Graziers and others by the Jobbers. — And being asked, What was the Nature of a Jobber ? he said, One who buys of the Graziers, and sells again in the Country, or brings them to that there are

a great Number in that Way, both in buying lean and fat Cattle to sell again; they go round to the Farmers and buy their Stock; the lean they take to the Country Fairs, and sell to the Graziers, and the fat Stock they send to the Country and London Markets, but chiefly to London — That he has been informed by Graziers, that there are great Numbers of store Cattle which advance 2 /. per Head between their going from the Breeder to the Grazier; and that Jobbers, at Times, have made from 2/. to 3/. per Head. — And being asked, Whether there would be any Difficulty in the Graziers getting their Cattle to Market were

there no Jobbers? he said, None: — That since he has known the Business, many Graziers used to come with Cattle who now dealt with Jobbers. — That he has known a great Deal of the Practice of buying and selling again in the same Market — That a short Time ago a Northamptonshire Grazier had a Lot of Beasts in Smithfield fitter for Store than Sale, and he (the Witness) saw him sell Two or Three to one who took them to the other Side of the Market, and there had them tied to the Rails in order to be sold again — That he himself has received Cattle for the Purpose of selling again, but has, with several others, discontinued that Practice — that it is still done, and he hears of it every Day — That he has often sold Beasts for one Cramp, a Jobber, and that he generally fixed the Price they were to go at — That the Practice of the Market is, for Graziers to leave the Price to the Salesman, and for him to sell according as the Market goes — That it is the constant Practice of leaving Cattle at Islington, Knightsbridge, and other Places round London, at some of which Places he has seen both Beasts and Sheep bought by the Jobbers — That he has known Beasts sold in Smithfield, and again sold in the same Market at an

Advance of 21, per Head — that he himself has sold Beasts again which have made as great an Advance — That since he has discontinued the Practice of regrating, he has lost some of his best Customers, unto the Amount of 50/. per Year. — That he knows there are many who support themselves by jobbing — That the Graziers in Shropshire, Herefordshire, Gloucestershire, Worcestershire, and Glamorganshire, all complain of not being able to buy any store Cattle of the Breeders, on Account of their being all engrossed by the Jobbers. — And being asked, Whether there would be any Difficulty in the Graziers getting their Cattle to Smithfeld if there were no Jobbers? he said, None, even from the most remote Parts of this Kingdom, or Scotland. — That the Price of Meat is greatly enhanced in Smithfeld by the Practice of Jobbing; and he thinks the Mischief proceeds from first jobbing the lean Cattle, and afterwards the fat Cattle — That the Jobbers go, on the Evening before the Saturday Market Days, to Islington, Mile End, Knightsbridge, See. which are the resting Places for Cattle coming to Smithfeld, and there purchase sometimes One Third of them — That he has known 300 and upwards sold at Hounslow and Knightsbridge on a Thursday, and not more than 700 have been in the Smithfeld Market the next Day — That the Salesman considers the Cattle actually delivered to him as soon as they arrive at their resting Places round the Town, after which he is responsible, should One or more be lost — The Salesman employs his own People to bring them to Market, and has the sole Direction when they shall be brought — That the Grazier does not, according to the Custom of the Market, put a Price on the Cattle, but the Jobber does; and that

before this. Practice of jobbing took place in the Manner it is now, the Market was as well supplied with Cattle, and were much lower in Price. — Then,

Mr. Robert Cook, a Salesman in Smithfeld Market, being called in, was asked, What he knew respecting the jobbing of Cattle ? he said, That there is a vast deal of it; and that the Jobbers go to the different Markets In the Country and buy Stock, which they send to Smithfeld. — And being asked, What Effect that has upon the London Market? he said, If Cattle were to come from the Graziers, and not through the Jobbers Hands, it would be much better, because the Jobbers let the Salesmen know what the Cattle cost them, so that they (the Salesmen) often hold up the Price, which if they had come from the Graziers, must have taken the regular Market Price; and that they are more at Discretion with respect to Graziers Cattle. — That the meeting of Cattle on their Road to Smithfield is frequently practised, by which Means they get into the Hands of Jobbers. — And being asked, What Information he could give respecting regrating ? he said. That there is a very injurious Practice of regrating in Smithfeld Market, but he believes it to be done chiefly by Butchers; that jobbing is very prejudicial to the Country Markets, but cannot speak to the Number of Beasts and Sheep jobbed: — That at a Meeting of Salesmen, it was their Opinion, that jobbing was very prejudicial, and ought to be put a Stop to; and that the high Price of Meat was as injurious to the Salesmen as to the Public. — And being asked. What is the Meaning of the Term "being in Price?" he said, That is, after the Salesman has fixed a Price on the Cattle, the Purchaser ought, by the Custom of the Market, to have a certain Time allowed him for Refusal; — and being asked, Whether the Carcase Butcher could always be supplied in Smithfeld? he said. He thinks they could; that they have had very plentiful Markets, but that there is a very great Consumption; and that the Scarcity of Pork he thinks seems to increase the Price of Meat. — Then,

Mr. Daniel Sharpe being examined, said, That he is Clerk to Smithfeld Market, and appointed by the City of London. — And being asked, What Information he could give respecting jobbing ? he said, That there is a great deal of jobbing from Romford Market in every Respect, both in Beasts, Sheep, and Pigs — That Things are bought at Romford which are consigned for Smithfeld by Carcase Butchers and others, who make a Living in that Way, and that the same is likewise done at Southall, Hayes, and other Places; some are bought to kill, and others to sell again in Smithfeld Market — That Beasts are bought by the Jobbers out of the Hands of the Salesmen, at different Places, in selling which the Salesmen save an Expence and Trouble, as they charge the Grazier the same Commission when sold within Twenty Miles of London, as if they had come to Smithfeld — That there is also a very great Practice of jobbing, or rather regrating, in Smithfield Market, in Cattle being bought by one Set of Men, and then taken to another Part of the Market, and consigned to another Salesman, who is informed what Price they were first sold at, and unless that Price can be raised, they are driven out of the Market, and kept for another Day, by which Practices very considerable Profits have been made, as much as 21, per Head, and frequently more — That in general there has been a very good Supply in the Market, as good as ever known at this Time of the Year — That Beasts which are bought in the Country by Jobbers are sent into Smithfeld Market, such as a Score or Thirty at a Time, belonging to One Man, which would otherwise have been sent in smaller Lots, and by which the Market would be more regularly supplied — That the Jobbers are enabled, by the above Means, to throw in or keep back large Quantities of Cattle, in order to keep up the Price of the Market — That at Mile End,

from

36 Geo. III. 29° Aprilis.

from the Norfolk Road, he has known as many as from, Four.to Six hundred Head of Cattle sent to Carcase Butchers, which would otherwise have come to Market alive, so that the Carcase Butchers can fix any Price on them, and particularly when there is a short Market at Smithfield. — And being asked, Whether it was not customary to enter the Quantity of Stock sold ? He said, he takes an Account of the Number of Beasts and Sheep brought into the Market, but has no Account given him of the Number sold, or the Prices they sold at; but thinks if a Register was kept it would be a great public Benefit, and prevent, in a great Measure, the Malpractice of regrating and forestalling, which is now carried on to a very great Extent; and that it might as easily be done as in the case of Hay and Straw, which Account he keeps. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Holbech being again examined, said, That it was the Opinion of several respectable Graziers in Smithfeld, that the jobbing of store Cattle was very

injurious to the Public — That a Grazier informed him, that he had been at Pontypool Fair, in Wales, and there was not a Pair of Beasts to be got but what came through the Hands of One or more Jobbers, which raised the Price considerably — That' One Person in particular had jobbed for him (the Witness) Twenty-four Beasts, upon which was gained 491, in the Course of Eight or Nine Days; which Beasts, or the major Part of them, would nave come to Market from the Graziers in the regular Course — That there are great Numbers of Beasts and Sheep sent to Smithfield from the Jobbers in Price, which has some Effect on the Market — That he has known 400 Sheep and 40 Beasts purchased by Jobbers in a Day at Sevenoaks, and sent to Smithfield; and that near

that Quantity are frequently bought at Tunbridge and Maidstone, and sent to Smithfield at an advanced Price; and that the same Circumstance happens on all the Roads by which Smithfield is supplied with Beasts and Sheep — That he thinks, if the Practice of jobbing is pot done away, every Person will enter into that Line — That if the Market Day was altered to the Thursday instead of Friday, it would be of great Benefit to the Public, and be the Means of equalizing the Market, and preserving a great Quantity of Meat, as the Cattle might then be killed in a more proper State than when bought on the Friday, in the Heat of the Day, and killed for the Saturday Market: And the Witness

added, That there are great Quantities of Cattle at Mile End, and other Places, which are sent to the commissioned Butchers to kill before they go to Smithfield, which, were they to come, it would make a very great Difference in the Appearance of the Market. — Then, Thomas Meriton, a Drover, being examined, said, That he drives for several Carcase Butchers, and also attends Smithfield Market — That he drives, in the Course of the Week, from Hayes and Southall Markets, about 200 Sheep — That his Employers often attend at the Pens round London in the Summer Time, while the Lambs last, and procure sometimes to the Amount of Three or Four hundred, which he has drove to their own Houses to kill, without their having been in Smithfield Market — That he has sometimes drove from Mile End to Whitechapel, perhaps a Score or more of commissioned Sheep, consigned to the Carcase Butcher to kill; and that he knows a Carcase Butcher, of the Name of Boot, to have had on a Sunday Three or , Four hundred commissioned Sheep consigned to him to kill, and which never went into Smithfield. — Then,

Mr. John Hawkes being again called in, was asked, What Information he could give respecting the Practice of regrating ? he said, That it is his Business to attend Smithfield Market, and that he has constantly observed a Set of People who make it their constant Practice to regrate, which greatly enhances the Price of Meat to the Consumer; and that he has often been obliged Vol. 51.

to buy Cqttle at an advanced Price of these §ort of Cutting Re-People, which he has known to have been sold before tail Butch«r» on the same Day in Smithfield — That if the Regratore

cannot get their advance Price, they turn the Cattie out1)0 of the Market; and that he has known this to have happened to the same Cattle Three Market Days successively, and by which Means the Meat has been very much injured. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Covington, a Cutting Butcher, being examined, confirmed the above Practices. — And,

Mr. George Bishop, a Cutting Butcher, being likewise examined, confirmed the said Practices; and added.

That he has known an Instance of a Regrator buying Five Beasts in a fictitious Name, and selling them again, on the same Day, at a Profit of 7 /. — Then,

John Pass, a Drover, being examined, said, That he has known, out of 800 Sheep which came from Mile Etui, 600 sent to the Carcase Butchers to be killed, without being drove into Smithfield; and that they are sent from the Jobbers to the Carcase Butchers, thinking the y can get more for their Sheep than if sent into Smithfield Market — That about Five in Six of those consigned to the Carcase Butchers belong to Jobbers, and about Half the Remainder, which go to Smithfield, belong to Graziers — That it is the Practice of the Carcase Butchers to go to Romford on a Monday, not a Market Day there, and buy up the Sheep and Lambs, which he has known them to do to the Amount of 800 and upwards at a Time; and that the Carcase Butchers have Stables and other Places to keep their Sheep in, and so kill certain Quantities at a Time, in order that the Market may not become too cheap. —

Then,

Joseph Rodd, a Drover, being examined, said, That he drives Sheep for several Carcase Butchers, and to Smithfield Market, from Mile End and Romford — That on an Average he drives to the Carcase Butchers about Twelve hundred a Week, which he meets at Mile End, none of which go to Smithfeld Market; but that he drives more from Mile End to Smithfield than he does to the Carcase Butchers — That the Carcase Butchers Sheep are drove to them on a Thursday and Sunday; and that he pays the Country Drovers at Mile End, and is reimbursed the Expence by his Employers at Whitechapel. — And being asked, In what Quantities the Carcase Butchers killed their Sheep ? he said, In such Quantities according as the Trade is. —

Then,

William Dillow, a Bullock Drover, being examined, said, That he drives Cattle from Romford both for Butchers and Salesmen — That the Carcase Butchers go there to buy Cattle, and that the Salesmen sell them great Numbers of Beasts at Mile End — That he has known Thirty or Forty commissioned Beasts on a.

Sunday drove to the Carcase Butchers to kill — That it is a common Practice for People to buy Cattle at FLomford and Mile End for the Purpose of selling again in Smithfeld, and which Beasts are originally consigned for Smithfield by the Graziers — That it is likewise a Practice to buy Cattle on their Road to Smithfield, and have them drove into the Market by Way of Blind, and having had the Smithfeld Mark put upon them, without their having been tied up, send them to their own Houses — That he has seen One Man in Smithfeld Market buy Twenty or Thirty Beasts at a Time, and has known him turn them over to a Salesman to be sold by him in the same Market on the same Day —

That the Practice, of driving the Beasts into the Market for pretended Sale, is a roguish Thing, for when Batchers want to buy, there are none to sell — the same with Sheep — that he has known as many as Five or Six hundred Sheep sold at Mile End on a Sunday to thp Carcase Butchers, and Forty or Fifty Beasts, which would have gone to Smithfield had it pot been for them; and that no longer than the last Night, at

Mile

Cutting Retail Butchers Petition, reported. *

640 29* Aprilis.A. 1796.

Mile End, he saw Sixty Beasts which were left out Carriages down the Inn Yards, where they are sold to on the Sunday, lest the Market should be too cheap. — different Butchers, without ever being brought into the Then, open Market, to the Amount of from One thousand to

Mr. John Bate being again examined, said, That Fifteen hundred in a Year; and that he, as Clerk of the forestalling increased to a great Extent soon after the Market, has no Right to take an Account of them, the Act of the Twelfth of the present King was repealed Inn Yards being no Part of the Market. — Then,

— That it is usual for Carcase Butchers to buy Four or Mr. Richard Butler, late a Cutting Butcher, being Five hundred Sheep in a Day, and that the Practice examined, said, That he once offered a Salesman 'who is become almost general — That most of the Stock of had Two Beasts of a Jobber, and a free Heifer, mean-Sheep in Smithfieldis forestalled, by which Means the ing a Grazier's or Farmer's, 58 /. for the Two Beasts,

Market is raised, and the worst Meat sold there — That and for the Heifer 13/. 15 s. and that he afterwards he has known Mutton sold at an Advance of One bought the Whole for 72/. — that he paid, by the Half-penny or Penny per Pound, while the Carcase Salesman's Direction, .59/. to the Money Taker for the Butchers have had several hundred Sheep near London Beasts, and only 13/. for the Heifer, although he had which they could have sold at the reduced Price — before offered 13/. 155. and that the Salesman de-That when he has not been able to buy in the Market, dared, he had before refused 14/. for the Heifer. — he has been obliged to apply to the Carcase Butchers, Then,

and give them what they demanded — That the Carcase Mr. Christopher Bate, a Cutting Butcher, being exa-Butchers meet the Droves of Beasts some Miles from mined, said, That in a Conversation he had some Time London, the Day before the Market, and purchase them since with a Mr. Godson, a Beef Carcase Butcher, he to kill; so that the Cutting Butchers are forced to go informed him (the Witness) that in consequence of a to them, and buy at their ow n Prices, by which Means Dispute which had happened between him and one the Meal is raised above its Value to the Consumer; Archer, a Beast Salesman, he went into the

and that on Monday last, 250 Head of Cattle were Country where Archer received his Beasts from, and kept back from the Market at Mile End only, which, bought up, of the Graziers and Farmers, Eight hun-had they have come to Smithfield, would alone have dred, which otherwise would have been consigned to made Beef One Farthing a Pound cheaper. — Then, Archer in Smithfield, so that he had scarcely any to sell Mr. Evan Edwards, a Cutting Butcher, being during that Season. — And, called in, was asked, What Information he could Mr. Rickard Elland, a Cutting Butcher, being exa-give respecting forestalling? he said, That he has mined, said, That he has heard Jobbers boast of their often found himself obliged to go to Southall and Profits, and has heard One in particular say he got 71.

Hayes for Cattle, owing to the great Difficulty of get- upon One particular Bullock.

ting it in the London Market, from the Preference That upon the Whole of the Evidence your Corn-shewn to Carcase Butchers — That it is usual for the mittee have come to the following Resolutions:

Liondon Carcase Butchers to buy at Southall and Hayes Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, from Five to Fifteen hundred Sheep and Lambs in a That the Practices of Carcase Butchers, in monopo-Day — That he has heard a Carcase Butcher in Smith- lizing Smithfeld and other Markets, is One Cause of field Market, exulting to a Salesman, and say, that the Dearness of Butcher's Meat within the Bills of they had bought up nearly all the best Lambs for the Mortality, which Practices have of late Years much London Market, so that there would be none for the increased; and therefore the Trade of Carcase Butchers Cutting Butchers, and therefore should have their own ought to be regulated.

Price; and that he himself had killed Three hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for Sale on that Day — That he has met with frequent That the Practices of Jobbers and others who buy Instances where a Preference has been given to Car- Cattle and Sheep on Speculation, which are afterwards case Butchers in the Purchase of Beasts; and that he sold at advanced Prices several Times before they are has had them taken out of his Hands, when they have purchased by the Cutting Retail Butchers (by which been in Price to him, and sold to the Carcase Butchers; several unnecessary Profits are obtained between the and that he thinks the Town would be supplied much Farmer and Consumer) are principal Causes of the better than it now is, if there were no Carcase Butchers. Dearness of Butcher's Meat within the Bills of Mor- — Then, tality; these Practices having increased of late Years

Mr. Thomas Marvin, a Cutting Butcher, being exa- to an excessive Height, ought to be abolished,

mined, said, That he has been under the Necessity of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

going to Places round London in order to buy Beasts, That forestalling and regrating tend greatly to enhance not being able to procure them at Smithfield — That he the Price of Butcher's Meat; and that these Practices has seen upwards of 300 Sheep consigned for Smithfeld having increased of late Years, to the great Detriment Market stop at Hounslow, and not 100 of them have of the Public, ought to be more effectually prevented been sent there — That he was informed by a Mr. Ireson, by a summary Mode of Conviction, a very great Grazier and Salesman, last Monday, that Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

he had been at Bishop's Castle Fair, where he had been Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

used to buy his Cattle from the Breeders, and that Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of there were great Plenty of Cattle, but all in the Hands the Members of the House, of Jobbers, some of which he knew to have been

jobbed. Two or Three Times; and that he was A Bill for dividing and selling Parts of certain Bromyard obliged to give an Advance of 10 s.upon Cattle Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Brom-bought by Jobbers before his Face, but that there was yard, in the County of Hereford, and for letting the co^unjltto(|> no Possibility of his getting them any other Way. — Residue of such Commons and Waste Lands, and That he, the Witness, has known a Regrator purchase applying the Rents and Profits thereof in Aid of the Beasts of a Salesman while in Price to a Cutting Poor Rates, or other Public Expences, within the said Butcher, on which Beasts the Cutting Butcher after- Parish, and for taking down and re-building the wards offered ah Advance to the Regrator of 21, on Parish Church of Bromyard aforesaid, was read a the original Price asked by the Salesman, which was Second Time.

refused. — Then, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Mr. Daniel Sharpe being again examined, said, That Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this there is a Practice of bringing Calves into Smithfield Afternoon, at Fiye of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Evening before the Market Day, and taking them in Chamber.

An

ic

36 Geo. III. 29" Aprilis. 6'41

Chriitie's E>i- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An vorce B, Bj Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Christie, Esquire, committ . with Elizabeth Leslie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 10th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Luddington An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and inland Gar- proving, all the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pas-»ureMinC°* tines, Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to make a Bill for Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying Grant of into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second La"d*nforjn( Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Execution " An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable the Lancast* " Canal from Kiikby Kendal, in the County of Canal Act,

" morland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine passed'

" of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the " said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near " Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch " from, at, or near. Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near " Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of ,"

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of His Dutchy of Lancaster, to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal,

" in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or " near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also " another Navigable Branch from, at, or near. Gale " Moss, by Chorley, to or near Du.vbury, in the said " County Palatine of Lancaster."

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

| Gringley An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

upon the Hill closing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and i Inck*"re BiB Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gringley upon the p#ased' Hill, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the County, of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Hannington Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bi the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commonable deferred-Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys be added to the Gen- Member adc tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ?! *? ping 1 a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of George fnctosiTi Earl of Pomfret. Bill.,

Billingsgate Fish Bill, committed.

Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell's Estate Bill reported and passed.

A Bill to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lushington, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.:

And they.are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Real Estate late of Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Carmarthen, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money, to arise from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mortgages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such real Estate, and also for enabling such Trustees to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams, of Coal, lying under the Residue of such Real Estate, in such Manner, and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir JVatkin Lewes do carry the Bill to Vol.61.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Little Castei Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ton Inclosur the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, BiH> pre‘ Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the 8€nted' Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Ellesmere -passed in the Thirty-third. Year of the Reign of His Canal Devia present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and tion Bill " maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River j^tx^and " Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the Chester)

" River Mersey at or near Neiherpool, in the County passed.

" of Chester, and also for making and maintaining " certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for making and maintaining a " Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at

8 A " or

per Manu-turers Bill, nmitted.

r. Holling-rth's Peti-n referred, 1 Counsel lered.

arrington dosure 1, reported.

ent Bridges i Notting-tn Roads, Petition, wrted.

642

29° Aprilis. A. 1796.

4t or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also

" for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts " from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between and Chester, and for extending the same, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory, and for the better Regulation of their Wages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Amyatt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Finch Hollingworth, of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners of Paper Mills and Works, in the County of Kent, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields, within the Parish of Shar-rington, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that tha Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had given their Consent to the changing of One of the Commissioners therein named, and also, to the adding a Commissioner to those named in the Bill (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at l /. 4$. who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the whole Property entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Land Tax at 244/.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Robert Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons residing within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in

m

the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, another Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons residing in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges and to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Second-mentioned Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Coldham being examined, said, That the Road from Nottingham Trent Bridge to the Town of Nottingham, is at present in a very ruinous State, having been greatly damaged by the Flood in the Spring of the Year 1795, and that it is essential to the Accommodation of the Public, and particularly of the Town of Nottingham and its Neighbourhood, that the Road should be raised, and that other additional Bridges and Arches, sufficient for the Passage of the Flood Water, should be provided, in order to render the said Road a safe and commodious Road, protected at all Seasons from the Flood, to which, from its Situation, it is peculiarly exposed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South End of the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water: And that Mr. Robert Smith and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled; Bolton in the An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Moors, &c. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty- RoadsBl eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an " Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the " Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors " to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Gol-

" bourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge,

" and from the said Guide Post to and from

" Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making " more effectual Provision for repairing and widening " the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near " Golbourne Dale to Winwick," without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great Grims-for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and im- by Haven proving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great BlU* Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hampton for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, p°yle Inc,°* Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other sure 1 ' Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Billtopre-Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, yent puds Weight, and Sale, of Butter; and to repeal certain &cWQfButter. Acts relating thereto; without any Amendment:

And also.

The

Twyford In closure Bill.

Tilney and Islington Inclosure Bill.

Tattershall, kc. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, with Amendments-

The Lords have passed Duke of Newcastle's Estate Bill.

Bichner's Nat. Bill.

Bollmann's Nat. Bill.

Duke of

Newcastle's Estate Bill, read.

Report on Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, further considered.

Debate on Motion for adding a Clause, adjourned.

36 Geq. III. 29° Aprilis. 643

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Or, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Morning next

Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford,

in the County of Leicester;without any Amendment: Mr. Major reported from the Select Com- Bill for also?

And also, mittee, to whom the Bill for- allowing Costs, at the £g Cosfls‘n

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Discretion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as demeanors Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- now is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for &c. reported mons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Wit- and again r< of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, nesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the comm‘ttei1* in the County of Norjolk; without any Amendment: Adjudications of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts

And also, to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, >vas

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An committed; That the Committee had gone through the Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which mon Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, they had directed him to report to the House; and hp and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards.delivered Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Tattershall the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lin- Where the Report was read.

coin, and for more effectually embanking and draining And the House being informed that some further the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain Amendments are necessary to be made to the said other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Bill;

Tattershall, and Township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed,

on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed

County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which to a Committee of the whole House.

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

House: And also, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to House, upon the said Bill, empower the Guardians of the most Noble Henry

Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to charge his settled Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for rais-

Estates with certain Sums of Money for the Purposes Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the; insa b

therein mentioned, and to grant Building and other Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds,

Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain Parts by Way of Annuities, be now read, of the said Estates, and for other Purposes; to which And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And The said Bill was read the Third Time,

also, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for be. An Act for raising the Sum of Seven Millions naturalizing Otto Bichner; to which the Lords desire Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of An-the Concurrence of this House: And also, nuities.

The Lords have passed a Bilk intituled, An Act for Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the-naturaliizing Christian Henry Bollmann 5 to which the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Longitud An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An to consider of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of A>ct‘

Act to empower the Guardians of the most Noble the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to charge his " for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of settled Estates with certain Sums of Money for the " Persons making certain Discoveries for Ending the Purposes therein mentioned, and to grant Building and " Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Dis-other Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain " coveries and Improvements in Navigatiop, and for Parts of the said Estates, and for other Purposes, was " making Experiments relating thereto; and for read the First Time. " adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. " for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea*" be now

read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into And the said Order being read accordingly;

further Consideration the Report which was made from The House resolved itself into the said Commit-

the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the buying tee.

and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Sir Philip Stephens took the Chair of the Com-

Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the mittee.

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Se- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

cond, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay Sir Philip Stephens reported from: the Committee,

and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, was That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

committed, be now read. directed him to report, when the House will please to

And the said Order being read accordingly; receive the same.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into , Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday further Consideration. , Morning next.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, A Motion being made, That Leave be given to Motion for upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by bring in a Bill to permit the Removal of Lime, and Perm the House. ' other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, of Limr&c

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to without Sufferance, Warrant, or Transire; tobecon-

empower Justices to award Costs, &c. to Salesmen, in Ordered, That the said Motion b(e referred to the sidered. certain Cases. Consideration of-& Conunittee, of the Whole House.

And the said Clause was Twice read. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

And a Motion being made, That the said C lapse be ing next, resolve itself into a Chmpiittee of the whole made Part of the Bill; . House, to consider of that Motion, i

Vol.*51. ' The

11 for repeal-

I certain atutes, and 1 better enervation Game, put 'for three onthi.

644

29° Aprilis.

A. 1T96.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing certain Statutes relating to the Game, and for the better Preservation thereof, and also for extending the Privilege of killing Game to the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and for prohibiting all Persons from starting, hunting, or killing Game upon the Lands or Grounds of any other Person, after Notice, by Parol, or in Writing, to abstain therefrom, given by the Occupier for the Time being of such Land or Ground, or any Person duly authorized on Behalf of such Occupier;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word "now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The Hous6 divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the YeaJ $£

} *

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words upon this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for regu~ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to lating the consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping ^ppin^of and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa ;‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House re-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

next Monday.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Committee for the Sale of Corn by Weight, and for preventing gale of Com Frauds in the Sale of Corn by Allowance or Addition, by Weight, to* or by Adulteration, is committed, have Leave to sit sitTo-mor-To-morrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the row*

House.

The House being informed that Mr. Haultain, from Account of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Extraordina-Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their DatesofWar-Order, rants, pre-

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, ""ted. incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15th of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament; with the Dates of the respective Warrants.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Ah ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 15th of November to the 24th of December 1795, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament; with the Dates of the respective Warrants.

Dates of Warrants.

1795-

December 14th.

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by C. Nesbitt, Inspector General of Foreign Corps on the Continent, for Public Services -To D®, drawn by J. Robinson, Deputy Paymaster at New Brunswick, for D* Service -To D°, drawn by R. S. Milnes, Governor of Martinique, for D® Service ——

To D®, drawn by J. Wentworth, Lieut. Governor of Nova Scotia, for D° Service ——

To D°, Drawn by P. Le Mesurier, Lieut. Governor of Alderney, for D° Service ——

To D\ drawn by Capt. D'Auvergne, Prince of Bouillon, Commandant at Jersey, for D* Service - -

To D°, drawn by W. Macarmick, Lieut. Governor of Cape Breton, for D* Service ——

To D®, drawn by John Small, Lieut. Governor of Guernsey, for D® Service -

To D®, drawn by E. Fanning, Lieut. Governor of St. John's, for D® Service -

To D®, drawn by Andrew Gordon, Commandant at Jersey, for D® Service -

To D®, drawn by His Royal Highness Prince Edward, Commandant at Halifax, for D® Service - -

To D®, drawn by A. Brymer, acting Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, for D® Service - -

To D®, drawn by G. P. Ricketts, Governor of Barbadoes, for D® Service - -

To D®, drawn by W. Lindsey, Governor of Tobago, for D® Service To D®, drawn by J. Seton, Governor of St. Vincent's, for D® Service To D®, drawn by J. Stanley, President of the Council at St. Kitt's, for D* Service ——

£. d.

60,081 12 — L448 15 7

101 ——

4,350 — — 7i 5 —

5,720 ——

165 19 4

3,196 ——

1,383 7 a

2,428 ——

2,220 ——

3*993 4 —

101 5 —

20 ——

1,544 12 1

359 15 9 To

Account of Cargoes of Negroes imported into the West In dia Islands, presented.

36 Geo. III. 29° Aprilis. w 545

Dates of Warrants.

1795-

December 14th. D®

D®

D®

D®

December 19th. D®

D®

D°

Date of Sec at War's Letter.

1795-

December 7th.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Honourable R. Murray, Agent at Turk's Island, for Public Services -To D°, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for D° Service -To D®, drawn by H. Hamilton, Governor of Dominica, for D* Service ——

To D®, drawn by the Earl of Balcarres, Lieut: Governor of Jamaica, for D* Service ——

To D®, drawn by H. Hamilton, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, for D° Service ——

To D®, drawn by John Erskine, Superintendent, &c. of the Army, serving in the Mediterranean, for D* Service -To D®, drawn by Sir G. Elliott, Bart. Viceroy of Corsica, for D® Service ——

To D®, drawn by V. Jones, Commissary General to the Army in the Leeward Islands, for D* Service - - - .

To D®, drawn by Sir A. Williamson. K. B. Governor of St. Domingo, for D® Service - - - .

To. M. G. De Lancey, Barrack Master General, on Account, for the Erection of Barracks, and for the Supply of Barrack Stores and Forage for the Use of the Troops stationed therein -

Dates of Warrants.

*795-

August 5th.

November 18 th. D'

To J. Trotter, Esq. for Hospital Bedding for the £. s. d.

Use of the Forces - - 1 - - - 27,234 17 —

To D®, for D° Service ----- 10,369 12 6

To D®, for Hospital Bedding for the Forces in

St. Domingo ----- - 20,317 4 11

November 18th. October 30th.

To Ja* Window, on Account, for contingent Disbursements for Hospitals - -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Brook Watson, Esq. Superintendent, &c. of the Army serving on the Continent -To D®, drawn by the acting Deputy in the West Indies, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army there -To Cash paid by Mr. Winslow, acting D* in Canada, for D® of the Forces there, for One Quarter, to 24th Sept. 1795 -

To D®, paid by Mr. Brymer, acting D* in Nova Scotia, for D® of the Forces there, for One Quarter, to D® -

£. s, <L

648 ——

2,134 14 8 18,842 6 6 1,170 ——

405 9 9

61,198 12 3

10.000 — —

12.000 — —

365,523 14 3

65,000 — —

57,921 145

5,000 ——

346,243 14 t» 5,812 10 — 54,868 10 10 11,719 16 4

1,105,673 19 10

The Bills of Exchange drawn by the acting Deputies in the West Indies, Canada, and Nova Scotia, were not paid under the Authority of any Treasury Warrant, but were drawn upon the Paymaster General, and paid on different Days, as they became due, between the 15th November and 24th December 1795*

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 29th April 1796.

Rich* Molesworth, Accountant to the Paymaster General's Office,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at . the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of all Cargoes of Negroes imported into the British West India Islands, from the Coast of Africa, in the several Years from 1789 to the latest Period, with Vol.51.

the Number that died, from the Time of their being first taken on Board until their Arrival in the West , distinguishing each Year, and the Cargoes brought from that Part of Africa situated between the River Senegal and the River Volta, from those imported from Benin, Bonny, Old and New Calabar, and other Ports South of the Volta, the Southern Boundary of the Gold Coast, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

8 B Account

e

Committee of Supply,

Accounts,

6c c. referred.

Money issued for — His Majesty's Service Abroad:

French Refugees:

American

Sufferers:

Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin:

Publishing Returns of the Price of Sugar:

Attendance on Committees:

Addresses:

Convicts on the Thames:

Expences of New South Wales:

Mr.Hastings's Prosecution:

Convicts at Langstone wid Portsmouth, &c»

646 ^9° Aprilis. A. 1796.

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other . Paper's of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further'of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between) the 5th Day of January 1795 and the 10th Day of October following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, et al. on Account of the suffering Refugee Clergy and Laity of , be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to John Vernon, Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 1792, 1793, and 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Richard Whallcy Bridgeman, Clerk to the Grocers

Company, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for making up, and publishing, in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to the Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to George Whittam, et al. for Attendance on the Committee for making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more commodious, and other Services, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Mr. Samuel Gunnell, for his Attendance upon the Committee appointed to enquire into the Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Franking Letters in the Public Offices, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued XoDuncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of* confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, to enable him to discharge

Bills drawn by Commissary Palmer at New South Wales for the Use of that Settlement, and for other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts there, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence

oa

of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee. *

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months,

of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1795, on the several Orders made out, pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered irk their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons as furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1796, together with the Sum of 6/. 5 s.per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained

in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1796, after the same Rate of 3 /. 10 s. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 6/. 5 s.of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, _ and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, since the 4th Day of December 1795, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Robert Ban Esquire,

Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since 4th December 1795, and which* have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 4th December 1795, and which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 10th of October 1795 and the 5th Day of April 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, and others, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 18th Day of April 1796, for the Relief of the suffering Refugee Clergy, &c. of , and which

American and East Florida Sufferers:

Convicts on the 'ITiames:

D° at Langstone and Portsmouth:

Addresses:

French Refugees:

American Sufferers:

His Majesty's Service Abroad:

French Refugees:

American Sufferers:

Expences of New South Wales:

I Superintend-l ence of the

Alien Act:

Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin:

Purchase of the Parliament Office

Printing Journals of the House of Peers:

Stationary for Upper Canada.

Estimate of Navy Debt.

Amount of

Navy, &c. Bills.

Estimate of Scotch lloads and Bridges.

Disposition of Grants.

36 Geo. III. 29° Avri647

have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 18th Day of April 1796, for Allowances to American Sufferers, and which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued to William Chinnery, and William Pollock, Esquires, at

the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 4th Day of December 1795, for Expences on Account of the Settlement at New South Wales, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued to William Pollock, Jf'illiam Wickham, and Thomas Carter, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences and Allowances in the Superintendence of the Alien Act, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Vernon, Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, since the 4th Day of December 1795, to complete the Sum of 2,966/. 4$. 6d. for discharging the extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 1792, 1793, and 1794, and which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued to George Rose and Charles Alexander . Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of the Parliament Office, and for Contingent Expences thereof, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Edward Blackstock, Esquire, and Messieurs Eyre and

Strahan, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for preparing for the Press, and printing. Volumes 32d and 33d of the Journals of the House of Peers, for the Years 1768, *769, 177°> 177ri 1772, and 1773, and which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to John Mayor, Esquire (Superintendent of Stationary, &c. to be furnished to the Public Offices) at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Stationary shipped by him for Upper according to the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st 1795,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out between the 1st of February 179,5 and the 30th of September following, inclusive, with Interest computed thereon to the 5th Day of Ap 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1795 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 3d Day of March 1796, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 51.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the African Com-Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred pan/s Peti-to the said Committee. t,on'

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Turkey Com-Company of Merchants of England trading into the pany's Pcti-Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee. tion‘

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Petition from Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to l.he of the said Committee. AgncuUure.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an<*

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the c ' Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- G,ove Tax ferred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens; and also certain Duties on " Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail," as grants certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens by Retail the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons selling Gloves or Mittens by Retail, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The

Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties on Post Hortes* ordered.

Bill respecting the landing of Goods, &c. committed.

Act for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, to be considered.

Report Expiring Layr*.

648 99° AprilA. 1796.

The House w&9 moved, That an Act> made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury " for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to " Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Per* " sons as should be willing to contract for the same/' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, " and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of " Sugar: and for permitting the Importation of Sugar 4< and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in " Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on " Refined Sugars exported in any other than British " Ships," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placeand afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty " Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better En-‘‘ couragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force until " the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Three Acts, made in the Eighth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session o Parliament, and by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued, until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more u effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom,"' which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-ninth Yeai^ of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of made

" Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks " upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported," which was to be in Force from the 1st Day of 1766, during the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of Three Years, and which by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British~ma.de Cordage, and which by another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, amended,

36 Geo. III.

29Q Aprilis. — 2° Mail.

649

and further continued for the further Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the further Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

Bill for making Allowances to Militia Officers, presented.

Mahogany Duty Bill, committed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for reducing into One Act, the London Militia Acts, reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Melasses imported in Foreign Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of imposing Duties on Melasses imported from any Parts out of Europe in Foreign Ships.

Black Lead Duty Bill, committed.

A Bill for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned Wednesday Morning next.

till

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Foreign on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, was read a Wines and Second Time. . S-idi-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. tional Duties

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Bill, com-of the whole House. mitted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "*? upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in l lsiery 1 the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of George Stain-forth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred.

Hat Duty Bill, deferred.

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Committee on Report of Mr. Stain-forth's Petition, deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2* die Maii;

A Bill for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by Weight, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Anno 36* Georgii III,a Regis, 1796.

Praters.

Debate on

The House was moved, That the Order made upon BauTlicen*e Wednesday last, for adjourning, till Monday Morning

The Royalty next, the Debate on the Motion, That Leave be given

R DERED, That Mr.' Speaker do issue his War- Northampto rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ-Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Compton, commonly called Lord Compton, now Earl of Northampton, called up to the House of Peers.

Theatre,

further

adjourned.

to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license, as a Play House, during the Summer Season, the Theatre commonly known by the Name of Theatre, in the Liberty of the Tower of London, might be read.

Vol. 51.

The House being informed that Mr. Goodenough, Account of from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the L^)d*Taxes Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were

8 C standing

652 2° Mail

" Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be applied out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards encouraging and rewarding such Person or Persons who shall make any Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though they do not entitle the Discoverers to the greater Rewards specified in an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude " at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the " Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners " thereby constituted, and also, such Clauses as relate " to the construction, printing, publishing, vending,

" and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other " useful Tables, and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as " shall discover a Method for finding the same, or shall " make useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the " better making Experiments relating thereto," yet may be adjudged, by the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, to be of considerable Use to the Public, and all such Person or Persons as shall make any other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and towards the better making of Experiments relating thereto, subject to the same Directions and Regulations as are for the like Purposes contained in the said Acts.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

1796.

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Philip Stephens, the Lord , and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Quorum of the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the 22d Day of November 1795, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture for the Year 1794-5.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794-5.

CHARGE.

£. s. d.

By Cash, per King's Warrant, in Consequence of an Address from the House of Commons

3,000 ——

DISCHARGE.

By Exchequer Fees, on Receipt of the Grant of Money -By Payments of Surveys of Counties - -

By Incidental Charges - - - - .

By Official Furniture -

By Salaries to the Officers of the Board for One Year, at the Rate of,

For the Secretary - - - £. 400 —

the Under-Secretary - - - 200 —

the First Clerk - 150 —

the Second Clerk - - - 80 —

per Ann.

By Payments, in Part, for printing the Surveys and other Papers circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same ——

By Stationary, &c. ——

By Advertisements - -

159 3 6 434 8 8 108 11 — 48 1 6

830 ——

1,252 10 1

89 12 11

77 12 4

3,000 —

John Sinclair, President.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee

had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and.afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisfy all the Bills (except those held by the Bank of England) payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling,

and

Neutral Ships Indemnity Bill, passed.

Account of Board of Agriculture, presented.

Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

His Majesty's Service Abroad:

French Refu*-gees:

Allowances for American Sufferers:

Prosecutions, Sec. relating to the Coin:

Prin ting Journals of the House of Peers:

Publishing Returns of the Price of Sugar:

Attendance on a Committee, &c.

36 Geo. III. 2° Ma653

and Transport Offices, which were made out on or before the 36th Day of September 1795, amounting to the Sum of Four Millions Three hundred Thirty-one thousand One hundred and Forty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-three' thousand Four hundred Eighty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1795 and the 5th Day of April 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to John Wilmot Esquire, Robert Batiks

Jenkinson, Esquire, Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Refugee Clergy and Laity of France, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Sixty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to John Vernon, Esquire, Solicitor to the Mint, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, during the Years 1792, 1793, and 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Edward Black-stock, Esquire, and Messieurs Eyre and at the

Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for preparing for the Press, and printing, the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Volumes of the Journals of the House of Peers, for the Years 1768, 1769, 1770, 1771, 1772, and 1773, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred Thirty-four Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Richard Bridgeman,

Clerk to the Grocers Company, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for making up, and publishing in, The London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to the Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-four Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to George Whittam, and others, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Attendance on the Committee for making

Vol. 51.

the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more commodious, and other Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Attendance That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one Pounds Five on a Commit-Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good t*e: the like Sam, which has been issued to Mr. Samuel Gunnell, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for his Attendance upon the Committee appointed to enquire into the Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Franking of Letters in the Public Offices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Addresa Mo-That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand ne>': Nine-hundred Twenty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Convicts on That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six the Thamc®: hundred Eighty-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion! of this Committee, D° at Lang-That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand and®Jonand Seventy-two Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be Po^tsmoull,: granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langston and Portsmouth Harbours, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expences on That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand and Account of Eighty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence WaTes Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Chinnery and William Pollock, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences on Account of the Settlement at New South Wales, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expences of That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, Mr. Hastings'* be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, ProsecutKm: which has been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Purchase of That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hun- the Parlia-dred and Forty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One mentoffice: Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to George Rose and Charles Alexander Craig, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of the Parliament Office, and for Contingent Expences thereof, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expences in That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Two hun- the Superin-dred Thirty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four ^fn^e.nce . Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to e , ien c make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Pollock, William Wickham, and Thomas Carter,

Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences and Allowances in the Superintendence of the Alien Act, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it ir the Opinion of this Committee, Stationary That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Farthing, be cL\adaT granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to John Mayor, Esquire,

8 D Superintendent

To the Bank for Reduction of National Debt:

Deficiency of Grants:

American and East Flo-ridaSuflerers:

Scotch Roads and Bridges:

African Forts1

Turkey Company:

Board of Agriculture:

British Museum:

654

2° Mali.

A. 1796.

Superintendent of Stationary to be furnished to the Public Offices) at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Stationary shipped by him for Upper Canada, according to the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Three hundred Forty-seven thousand Nine hundred Fifty-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year *795-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the loth Day of October 1796, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, forgiving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of 'Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1796, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the W'orks and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Eighteenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

licitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Lang, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery. That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Sixty thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 3d Day of May next, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England of One Pound and Ten Shillings, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say, One Pound Ten Shillings on or before the 3d Day of June next; Two Pounds on or before the 15th Day of July next; Two Pounds on or before the 19th

Day of August next; Two Pounds on or before the 16th Day of September next; Two Pounds on or before the 21st Day of October next; and Two Pounds on or before the 18th Day of November next; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1796, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on, or at any Time after, the 1st Day of July 1797, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Seven hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds at- any Time on or before the 21st Day of October 1796, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of 31, per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution, respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 18th Day of November 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charging an That an additional Duty of Excise of Thirty Pounds additional be charged for every Ton of French Wine, for, or in Duty respect whereof, none of the Duties imposed by an by Auction* Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets," shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Excise of Thirty Pounds

be

36 Geo. III. £° Mail. 655

be charged for every Ton of French Wine, for, or in respect whereof, none of the Duties granted in this Session of Parliament shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Charging an Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, EMi^Dut That an additional Duty of Excise of Twenty Pounds on Wine sold be charged for every Ton of Portugal and Madeira bj Auction. Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any

of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, for, or in respect whereof, none of the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Excise of Twenty Pounds be charged for every Ton of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, for or in respect whereof none of the Duties granted in this Session of Parliament shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by Auction and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of, the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines and British Sweets, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Four last of the said Resolutions.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and have agreed Mr. Graves:

10 Mr. Speaker,

Everton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Scaftworth, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, &c. Embank- j , . , t i i r j 1 °

meat and a - improving, certain low Lands and Grounds lying

Drainage being in the several Parishes or Townships of

Bill. Everton, Scaftworth, on the Hill, Misterton,

and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

Farnworth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and Kereley for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons nc osure i . an(j ^yaste Lan(js within the Manors or Lordships of Farnworth and Kersley, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amend-' ment: And also,

Bill for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Warvri'lfand ^or authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Braunston" Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Canal Act. Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mackarel Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Fl8he^jBl11' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repo ' explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Vol. 51.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question* severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, l*r°~ intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of Families1 of " Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of Militia Men,

" this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; ordered.

" and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament,

" passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing " into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called ,"

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Grey, and Mr. Douglas, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Motion for a Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Bill to repeal intituled, "An Act for the better Recovery of the tutes respectPenalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the ing the Game. " Game," might be read. Nog.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " amend an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

" intituled, "An Act for the better Recovery of the " Penalties inflicted upon Persons who destroy the " Game," by enlarging the Time within which Suits " and Actions are to be brought by Force of the said " Act," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Statutes, enabling Persons to bring Suits and Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Record, to recover Penalties incurred by Offences against Laws for the Preservation of the Game;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Orders, of the Day, for taking into Proceedings further Consideration the Book, intituled, " A Copy of of Court Marthe Proceedings of a Court Martial, holden for the ^,al °" MrTrial of John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, Colonel consklered!'

" of the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia," which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of April last; and also, for the said- Mr. s

attending in his Place, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

And Mjr. Cawthorne attending in his Place;

The Proceedings of the said Court Martial were again read.

The Book, containing the Copy of the said Proceedings, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Articles of Charge against the said Mr. Cawthorne, and the Sentences

Voceedings if Court Mar-ialon Col. Hawthorne.

650 T Ma 1790.

tences of the said Court Martial thereon, are as followeth; viz.

At a General Court Martial, held at the - on Friday the 27th Day of November 1795, and continued by Adjournments till Saturday the 30th Day of January 1796, by virtue of a special Warrant from His Majesty, bearing Date the 4th Day of November 1795:

Colonel George Earl of Powis, of the Montgomeryshire Regiment of Militia,

President;

Colonel George Earl of Euof the West Suffolk Regiment of Militia;

Colonel Sir William Smyth, Baronet, of the West Essex Regiment of Militia;

Colonel Lord George Henry ,of the

Derbyshire Regiment of Militia;

Colonel George Harry Lord Grey, of the Royal Cheshire Regiment of Militia;

Lieutenant Colonel John , of the Here-

fordshire Regiment of Militia;

Lieutenant Colonel Robert Hughes, of the Royal Flintshire Regiment of Militia;

Major John Beavan, of the Radnorshire Regiment of Militia;

Major Roger Barnston, of the Royal Cheshire Regiment of Militia;

Major John Keeling, of the West Essex Regiment of Militia;

Captain Bachc Heathcote, of the Derbyshire Regiment of Militia;

Captain William Morton Pitt, of the Dorsetshire

Regiment of Militia;

Captain John Thomas Stanley, of the Royal Cheshire Regiment of Militia;

Captain Thomas Gardner of the West

Essex Regiment of Militia;

Captain Thomas Smith, of the Herefordshire Regiment of Militia;

Captain Daniel Dulany, of the West Suffolk Regiment of Militia.

John Augustin Oldham, Deputy Judge-Advocate General.

The several Members of the Court being sworn, and the Judge Advocate also sworn;

John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, Colonel of the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia, came Prisoner before the Court; and was arraigned upon the following Articles of Charge, as preferred against him by Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Dennis O' Kelly of the same Regiment; viz.

Charge 1st. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne " received from the Receiver General of the Land " Tax for the County of Middlesex, in the Year 1793, " when the said Regiment was ordered into actual " Service, the Guineas, by an Act of Parliament, passed " in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England," " directed to be paid by the said Receiver General to " the Captains or other Commanding Officers of every " Company of Militia so ordered out, for the Use of " every Private Militia Man belonging to his Company,

" and for the Use of every Recruit, whilst in actual " Service as aforesaid (commonly called The Marching " Guineas) and did withhold the said several Guineas " so by him received, or some Part thereof, from the " respective Captains, or other Officers commanding " Companies in the said Regiment, whereby the said " Captains or other Officers commanding Companies,

" were prevented from laying out such Money for the " Advantage of the respective Militia Men, according to the Directions of the said Act; and which Receipt " of the said Money for Marching Guineas by Colonel " Cawthoi'ne, and the withholding of the same from the

" Captains of the Regiment, are in direct Violation of " the Cl*' Section of the said Militia Act, and a Misapplication of Monies with which Colonel Cawthorne " was entrusted for the Payment of the Soldiers under " his Command, against the IV:h Article of the XIIIth " Section of the Articles of War; and also against the " II4 Article of the XXIII4 Section of the said Articles " of War, or some or One of them.

2d. — " That several of the Militia Men having " complained that the said Colonel Cawthorne had " withholden the said Guineas, Lieutenant General " Lascelles(then Major General Lascel/es) did at the

" Camp at Brighton, in the Month of October 1793, " by Order of his Grace the Duke of Richmond, investigate the Grounds of such Complaints; and " upon such Investigation the said Colonel was ordered " by the Duke of Richmond, and by the Secretary at " War, or by One of them, to redress the same; and " the said Colonel having refused or neglected to obey " such Order, several of the Militia Men of the said " Regiment did, at Lydd Camp, in the Month of Septernber 1794, again complain thereof to General Sir " William Hence and Lieutenant General Lascelles: " That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, on or about " the 4th Day of November 1794, on receiving Directions for that Purpose from the said Generals, or " One of them, order the Captains, or other Commanding Officers of Companies in the said Regiment, to give Credit in their Accounts to the " Militia Men for the said Guineas called Marching " Guineas: Nevertheless the said Colonel Cawthorne, " having fraudulently obtained from several Persons " who had agreed to serve as Substitutes, and from " other Militia Men, Receipts or Agreements in respect of such Marching Guineas, did afterwards, viz. " on or about the 20th Day of November 1794, issue " Orders to the said Captains, or other Commanding " Officers of Companies, not to account for the said " Guineas to such of the Militia Men, or Substitutes " serving as Militia Men, as by any Receipt or Agreement appeared to have received the same; whereby " the said Colonel Cawthorne did, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an " Officer and a Gentleman, attempt to avail himself " of such Receipts or Agreements so fraudulently " obtained.

3d. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, since " the said Regiment was embodied, in a scandalous " infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an M Officer and a Gentleman, accept Sums of Money " for pardoning and discharging several Militia Men;

" viz.Samuel Cook, James Spence, Morris ——

" Hunt, George Richards, and Joseph Dyke, or some or " One of them, who had deserted from the said Regiment, and converted the same to his own Use.

4th. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, on " the 13th Day of March 1795, and at divers other " Times, since the said Regiment has been embodied, " and when the said Regiment was absent from the " said County of Middlesex, in Consideration of Money corruptly received by him, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an " Officer and a Gentleman, discharge several of the " Militia Men of the said Regiment, viz. William " Eastley, Thomas Cleaver, Thomas Oliver, Isaiah Allen, " Benjamin Beech, Corporal John Cathie, Elisha , " William Hornman, Alexander Hamilton,

" son, George King, Walter Lewis, George Neal, Richard " Parsloio, Andrew Stewart, Corporal Lander, Corporal " Gardner, John Hunt, William Rickwaiter, Humphry " Minor, and John East, or some or One of them,

" who had been sworn and enrolled, although such

" Militia

36 Geo. III. 2° M. 657

" Militia Men were not become unfit for Service,

" nor had produced Certificates from any Surgeon or " Medical. Person to that Effect, and although the " said Regiment was greatly short of its Complement;

" to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's Service.

5th. — " That the said Colonel , having at

" divers Times received large Sums of Money from " Men chosen by Ballot to serve as Militia Men in the said Regiment, on his undertaking to procure " Substitutes for them, did by himself, or Agent or " Agents, reject Men who offered to serve as Substitutes, and who were able and fit for Service, because " they would not engage for less Money than the " said Colonel, or his Agent, had received for such " Procurement; and did agree for Persons to serve " as Substitutes who were unfit to serve; Henry " Bayley, Charles John Ball, John Blake, Henry " Hewitt, Benjamin Briley, John Cambell, George " Cambell, William Harrison, Thomas Smallman, Joseph " Filcill, John Tobin, John White, Aaron Abbott,

" George Bradby, Jacob Emery, John Copeland, William

" Caton, Robert Paul, ----- ---- Sandell, ----- --Kendal,

" ----- --- Fox, Walter Lewis, and ----- ----- Cameron, or

" some or One of them, because such Persons engaged " to serve for less Money than the said Colonel, or " his Agent, had received for that Purpose j whereby " the said Colonel did obtain large Sums of Money " for his own Use, in a scandalous infamous Manner,

" unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a M Gentleman.

6th. — " That the said Colonel did pardon Militia " Men who had deserted from the said Regiment; viz.

Dennis Leeson, James Winter, Henry Molds, John " Callard, Edward Knight, George Rogers, John Strap,

" John Jones, John Wilson, John Hurley, Ambrose " Stephens, William Tuse, William Davis, James Pevey,

" Edward Malcolm, John , and Thomas Conolly,

" or some or One of them, and placed such Deserters " in the said Regiment as Substitutes for Men chosen " by Ballot to serve as Militia Men, from whom he " had received several Sums of Money to provide " proper Substitutes; whereby the said Colonel Caw-"thome did encourage Desertion in the said Regiment,

" to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's Service;

" and did, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, embezzle or retain considerable Sums of " Money which he had received for providing such " Substitutes.

7th. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, as " Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, or under " Colour of such Authority, since the said Regiment " has been embodied, in a scandalous infamous Manner,

" unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, receive divers large Sums of Money,

" exceeding respectively the Penalty inflicted by the " 26th Section of the said General Militia Act, from " several Persons chosen by Ballot to serve as Militia " Men in the said Regiment; viz. Francis Dolman,

" William Lynn, George Stone, Andrew Burrage, John " Vernon, Junior, Richard Bolton, William " Edward Walker, John Goodman, Thomas,

" John Oakley Clerk, James Jacobs, Charles Grey,

" William Burrell, Adam Smith, John Treadway, and " William Baker, or some or One of them, upon his undertaking to procure Substitutes for such Principals; but did embezzle or misapply the Money " so received, and did not procure any Substitutes for " such Principals, nor enter the Names of the Persons " so chosen in the Regimental Book provided and kept " for that Purpose.

8th. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, in the " Year 1794, oppressively and unjustly deduct, out of " the Bounty Money he had agreed to give to several " Substitutes; viz. Robert Blunderj

" William Anderson, Richard Terry, John Cox, John

Vo L.51.

Deane, John Humphries, John Jones, Junior, Anthony Proceedings

‘ Pindar, John Stephens, Mark Spranges, ----- -Turwyn, of Court Mar-

Amos Walter, Edward Blake, John Stephen

f‘ Farmer, William Sumners, John Holt, Edward Ryland, William Harris, Donald Glass, John Ashby,

" William Bolster, George Cable, Joseph Mall, William " Anderson, G. M. Boswell, William Cooper, Jonathan " Chapman, John Macartney, John Long, John Hulbert,

" Edward Callaghan, Bryan Maghauran, Harry Russell, James Worthington, Robert Bates, Joseph Cooke,

" John Palmer, and John Thorrington, One Guinea for " his own Use, alledging that he deducted the same * for Cloathing; although a full Allowance is made by " Government for the Cloathing of the Militia Men;

" thereby behaving in a scandalous infamous Manner,

" unbecoming the Character of an Officer and ft " Gentleman.

9th. — That the said Colonel did, at the Camp at *' Lydd, in or about the Month of August 1794, compel " several of the Militia Men; viz. Robert Blunderfield,

" William Eastley, Thomas Stewart, Walter Williams,

" -Edxoard Miller, John Philipson, Thomas Clark, John

" Knight, William Shaw, John Copeland, William " Lacey, Edward Gardner, James Butterworth, Timothy " Owen, John Benson, Cornelius Fay, Henry Cox,

" Jeremiah Macdonald, Thomas Taylor, John Hulbart,

" John Sankey, Thomas Sandell, David Lynch, Samuel " Newman, Richard Seymour, Drummer Macarty,

" John Chapman, William Cooper, Richard Standing,

" Thomas Parrot, Thomas Brookes, John Macinlire,

" Joseph Sedgby, John Ellis, William Lisle, Thomas " Whiteland, James Russell, Richard Spalding, John " Cowan, John Roper, Thomas Rainer Inn-

" holds, Henry Watson, James Elms, John Hill, William " Witch, George Cobb, James Turvey, Thomas Hudson,

" John Swan, Isaac Crow, William Burnston, John " Jones, Joseph Cock, Richard Bryan, James Bohannon,

" Thomas Carey, James Dennington, Elisha Jones,

" William Hawkes, and John Berry, or some or One " of them, to take Breeches, Gaiters, or Foraging Caps,

" at a Time when they did not want such Articles,

" and when their new Cloathing was due, and did " charge such Militia Men for the same more than " such Articles were worth, or more than the said " Colonel paid for the same, and in Violation to His Majesty's Instructions relative to the Pay and Allowances of Foot Soldiers serving at Home; which " several Oppressions, mentioned in this and the preceding Charges, N#* 2 and 8, and others, occasioned * great Discontent among the Militia Men in the said " Regiment; who having complained thereof to General Sir William Howe, and Lieutenant General " Lascelles, at the Camp at Lydd, in the said Year

1794, the said General ordered the said Oppressions,

" with many others also complained of, to be redressed " by the said Colonel Cawthorne; who then promised ‘‘ to redress the same: notwithstanding which Pro*

" ceedings, the said Colonel Cawthorne did, on or " about the 4th Day of November 1794, enter Orders " in the Orderly Book, stating such Complaints of the " Men to be frivolous and groundless, although he, the " said Colonel, well knew to the contrary; and that " the Major of the said Regiment had certified to the " said General Sir William Howe, and Lieutenant " General Lascelles, that the Grievances so complained " of were well founded.

10th. — " That the said Colonel did not supply the " Regiment, during Part of the Years 1793, 1794,

" and 1795, or some or One of those Years, with a " sufficient Number of Great Coats or Cloathing,

" whereby some of the Men; viz. Richard Monday,

" Walter Williams, Edxoard Miller, John Phillipson,

" Thomas Clarke, William Shaxo, John Copeland, WitHam Lacey, Edward Gardner, Samuel Butterworth,

" Timothy Owen, William Witch, William Burnston,

" Thomas Carey, James Dennington, Elisha Jones,

8 E William

658

2° Mail

A. 1796.

Proceedings of Court Martial on Col. Cawthorne.

William Hawkes, Jos. PullJames Thomas

Baldwyn, Rainer InnholdsThomas ——

" Dennington, — — Mansfi ----- ----- ---- Smith, and

" John Berry, or some or One of them, suffered from,

" the Inclemency of the Weather, and others were " obliged to wear their Blankets when on Duty as " Centinels, although Money was intrusted or allowed " to him by Government for such Cloathing, but did " embezzle or misapply the Money so intrusted or " allowed.

11 th. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne hath wilfully kept the said Regiment incomplete ever since " the 28th Day of January 1793, when it was ordered " out into actual Service, whereby he hath embezzled " or misapplied Sums of Money issued for Regimental " Purposes, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's " Service.

12th. — " That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, at " the Camp near Hythe, in the Month of May 1795,

" knowingly make a false Return of the State of the " said Regiment, to the Adjutant General, or Major " General Bruce (under whose Command the Regiment " then was); and did, at the Camp near " on or about the 28th Day of June, and on or about " the 1st Day of July, the 4th Day of July, the 12th " Day of July, and the 19th Day of July, on each or*

" some or One of those Days, knowingly make a false " Return of the State of the said Regiment to the " Secretary at War, the Adjutant General, and to " Lieutenant General Lascelles, under whose Commaud the Regiment then was, by carrying on, or " directing or knowingly suffering to be carried on,

" upon the Strength of the said Regiment, the Names " of Men; viz. Alexander Hamilton, Elisha Ford,

" Azariah Allen, Benjamin Beech, John Cathie, William

" Homiman, Anthony Jackson, George William

" Lezois, George Neal, Richard Andrew

" Stewart, Corporal Landen, Corporal Gardner, Francis " Hunt, William Rickwaiter, Thomas Davis, Thomas " Wilson, and Michael Weare, or some or One of them,

" who did not at the said several Days of making such " Returns, or some or One of them, belong to the said " Regiment; and that the said Colonel did, on or " about the 19th Day of September 1793, during the " Time the Regiment was encamped at Brighton,

" knowingly make a false Muster of the State of the " said Regiment, by carrying on the Names of Thomas Yeatman, Francis Oaks, and Richard Yeates, or " some or One of such Names, upon the Strength of " the said Regiment, who did not belong to the said " Regiment, and did wittingly sign, allow, or direct " the signing of the Muster Rolls wherein such false, u Muster is contained.

13th. — "That the said Colonel Cawthorne having,

" on the 28th Day of July 1794, by his own Authority,

" reduced Serjeant Thomas Jackson to the Rank of a " Private Militia Man, for an Offence of which he " was, on the 4th Day of August, fully acquitted by a " Court Martial, did, notwithstanding such Acquittal,

" on the 4th Day of August 1794, by his own Authority, oppressively order the said Serjeant to be again " reduced to the Rank of a Private Militia Man for the Space of Ten Months; by which Proceeding, not only the said Thomas Jackson, but the Militia Men of the said Regiment, understood that the said " Thomas Jackson was so reduced by Sentence of the " said Court Martial: That the said Colonel Cawthorne " having been informed that the said Thomas Jackson " had applied to the Secretary at War for Redress,

" thought proper to restore the said Thomas Jackson " to his Rank of Serjeant, but fraudulently and " colourably, and in a scandalous infamous Manner,

" unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, executed such Intention by falsely ordering " the following Entry to be made in the Orderly u Book; viz.

it

Head Quarters, Rye, 17 th 1794. " Parole — Dover: — Countersign — Canterbury, u Serjeant Thomas Jackson, of Lieutenant Colonel " O'Kellys Company, suspended by Sentence " of a Court Martial, is restored to his former " Station in the same Company."

Although the said Colonel Cawthorne well knew that the said Thomas Jackson was not suspended by Sentence of a Court Martial, but had been fully acquitted by the said Court Martial.

1.4th. — " That the said Colonel, since the said Regiment was ordered into actual Service, and when there was no Lieutenant for the said County of Middlesex, recommended to the Deputy Lieutenancy appointed by His Majesty to grant Commissions, and since the Marquis of Titchfield was appointed Lieutenant for the said County, did recommend to the said Marquis of Titchfield Persons to serve as Ensigns in the said Regiment, vis. John North Boydell, James Chauvell,

—— Clarke, and ----- --- Grant, or some or One of

them, and by Misrepresentation procure from the said Deputy Lieutenancy and Marquis of Titchfield Commissions for such Persons, although the said Colonel Cawthorne knew that some of them were not of sufficient Age for such Service, for the Purpose of appropriating to himself the Pay and Allowances issued for such Ensigns, or of giving the same to such Ensigns as a Gratuity, which Ensigns never joined the said Regiment; contrary to his Duty as an Officer, and in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman."

Tuesday, 15th December 1795.

The COURT, after mature Consideration of the Evidence before them, touching the First, Second* and Eighth Articles of Charge, proceeded to give their Opinion as follows; viz.

First Article of Charge.

With regard to the First Article of Charge, it appears to the Court, that Colonel Cawthorne did receive, from the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Middlesex, in the Year 1793, when the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia was ordered into actual Service, the Guineas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into One " Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, " in that Part of Great Britain called England," directed to be paid by the said Receiver General to the Captains or other Commanding Officers of every Company of Militia so ordered out, for the Use of every Private Militia Man belonging to his Company, and for the Use of every Recruit whilst in actual Service as aforesaid (commonly called the Marching Guineas), and the Court is of Opinion, that the said Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having withheld some of the said Guineas so by him received, from the respective Captains or other Officers commanding Companies in the said Regiment, whereby the said Captains or other Officers commanding Companies were prevented from laying out such Money for the Advantage of the respective Militia Men, according to the Directions of the said Act; by which Receipt of the said Money for Marching Guineas by him, and by his withholding the same from the Captains of the Regiment, contrary to the Provision made by the CI" Section of the said Militia Act, the said Colonel Cawthorne has misapplied Monies which has been entrusted to him for the Payment of the Militia Men under his Command.

Second Article of Charge.

With regard to the Second Article of Charge, it appears to the Court that several of the Militia Men, having complained that the said Colonel Cawthorne had withholden the said Guineas, Lieutenant General

Lascelles

36 Geo. III. 2° MaH.

655

Lascelles (then Major General did, at the

Camp at Brighton, in the Month of October 1793, by Order of his Grace the Duke of Richmond, investigate the Grounds of such Complaints; and, upon such Investigation, the said Colonel was ordered by the Duke of Richmond, and by the Secretary at War, or by One of them, to redress the same; and the said Colonel Cawthorne having refused or neglected to obey such Order, several of the Militia Men of the said Regiment did, at Lydd Camp, in the Month of September 1794, again complain thereof to General Sir William Howe and Lieutenant General Lascelles; that the said Colonel Cawthorne did, on or about the 4th Day of November 1794, on receiving Directions for that Purpose from the said Generals, order the Captains or other Commanding Officers of Companies in the said Regiment, to give Credit in their Accounts to the Militia Men for the said Guineas called Marching Guineas. And the Court is of Opinion, that Colqnel Cawthorne is guilty of having in general illegally, and in some Instances fraudulently, obtained from several Persons who had agreed to serve as Substitutes, and from other Militia Men, Receipt? or Agreements in respect of such Marching Guineas; and did afterwards, viz. on or about the 20th Day of November 1794, issue Orders to the said Captains or other Commanding Officers of Companies, not to account for the said Guineas to such of the Militia Men, or Substitutes serving as Militia Men, as by any Receipt or Agreement appeared to have received the same; whereby the said Colonel Cawthorne did, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, attempt to avail himself of such Receipts or Agreements, so illegally and fraudulently obtained.

Eighth Article of Charge.

With regard to the Eighth Article of Charge, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having, in the Year 1794, oppressively and unjustly deducted, out of the Bounty Money which he had agreed to give to several of {fie Substitutes named in the said Eighth Article of Charge, One Guinea for his own Use, alledging that he deducted the same for Cloathing; although a full Allowance is made by Government for the Cloathing of the Militia Men; thereby behaving in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman.

President.

J. A. Oldham,

Depr Judge Advocate General.

Thursday, 24th December 1795.

The COURT, after mature Consideration of the Evidence before them, touching the Third, the Sixth, and the Fourth Articles of Charge (which are here enumerated in the Order in which they have been investigated) proceeded to give their Opinion as follows; viz.

6th Article, of Charge. Proceedings

With regard to the Sixth Article of Charge, the £^1.^ Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty, Cawthorne. after pardoning the several Militia Men hereafter named, who had deserted from the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia; namely, Dennis Leeson,

James Winter, Henry Molds, Edward Knight, George Rogers, John Strap, John Jones, John Wilson, John Hurley, Ambrose Stephens, William Tuse, William Dads, John Lyon, and Thomas Conolly (being of the Number specified in this Charge) of having placed them, the said Deserters so pardoned, in the said Regiment, as Substitutes for Men chosen by Ballot to serve as Militia Men, from whom he had received several Sums of Money for providing proper Substitutes; and of having the reby, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, embezzled or retained to his own Use considerable Sums of Money which he had received for providing such Substitutes.

Fourth Article of Charge.

And, with regard to the Fourth Article of Charge;

viz.

" That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, on the 13th " Day of March 1795, and at divers other " Times, since the Westminster Regiment of " Middlesex Militia has been embodied, and " when the said Regiment was absent from the " said County of Middlesex, in Consideration of " Money corruptly received by him, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the " Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, discharge several of the Militia Men of the said " Regiment; viz. William EasThomas Cleaver,

Thomas Oliver, Isaiah Allen, Benjamin Beech,

" Corporal John Cathie, Elisha Ford, William " Homman, Alexander Hamilton, Anthony Jackson, George King, Walter Lewis, George Neal,

" Richard Parslow, Andrew Stewart, Corporal " Lander, Corporal Gardner, John Hunt, W " Rickwaiter, Humphry Minor, and John East,

" or some or One of them, who had been sworn " and enrolled, although such Militia Men were " not become unfit for Service, nor had produced " Certificates from any Surgeon or Medical Person to that Effect, and although the said Regiment was greatly short of its Complement;

" to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's " Service: —

— The Court is of Opinion that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of the Whole of the Crime by the said Article imputed to him, so far as relates to William Eastley therein named; — and that he is also guilty of having, in Consideration of Monies by him received (not in these Instances corruptly received) discharged the several other Militia Men in the said Article of Charge named, except Thomas Oliver and John East, although they were not unfit for Service, and although the Regiment was greatly short of its Complement; to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's Service.

Third Article of Charge.

With regard to the Third Article of Charge, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having, since the said Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia has been embodied, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, accepted Sums of Money for pardoning and discharging several Militia Men, who had deserted from the said Regiment; namely, James Spence,--- Morris,

—— Hunt, George Richards, and Joseph Dyke, (being the several Militia Men, except One, who are named in the said Third Article of Charge); which Sums, so by him accepted, the said Colonel Cawthorne converted to his own Use.

Vol. 51.

Powis, President.

J. A. Oldham,

Dep7 Judge Advocate General.

Wednesday, 30th December 1795.

The COURT being met, pursuant to Adjournment, delivered their Opinion upon the Thirteenth Article of Charge, as follows; viz.

With regard to the Thirteenth Article of Charge, being the last which has been investigated, it appears to the Court, That Colonel Cawthorne did, by his own Authority, on the 28th Day of July 1794, reduce Serjeant Thomas Jackson to the Rank of a Private

Militia

660 £° M. 1796.

proceedings Milida Man, for an Offence of which he was after-of Court Mar- wards, viz. on the 4th Day of August 1794, fully Cavnhoroe acquitted by a Regimental Court Martial; and did also, notwithstanding such Acquittal, by his own Authority, on the 4th Day of August 1794, oppressively order the said Serjeant to be again reduced to the Rank of a Private Militia Man for the Space of Ten Months; by which Proceeding not only the said Thomas Jackson, but the Militia Men of the said Regiment, understood that the said Thomas Jackson was so reduced by Sentence of the said Court Martial: — It does not however appear to the Court that Colonel Cawthorne (as is stated in the Article of Charge) in consequence of his being informed of an Application made by the said Thomas Jackson to the Secretary at War for Redress, did think proper to restore the said Thomas Jackson to his Rank of Serjeant; but the Court is of Opinion, that the said Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having colourably, and in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, caused a false Entry to be made in the Orderly Book in the following Words:

---Head Quarters, Rye, 17th November 1794.

" Parole — Dover: — Countersign — Canterbury. Ser-

" jeant Thomas Jackson, of Lieutenant Colonel O'Kelly %

" Company, suspended by Sentence of a Court Martial, is restored to his former Station in the same

" Company.....the said Colonel Cawthorne well

knowing-that the said Thomas Jackson was not suspended by the Sentence of a Court Martial, but lmd been fully acquitted.

Upon the' whole Matter, the Court, reflecting upon the several Crimes of which they have found themselves compelled, by the Evidence, to find the Prisoner, Colonel John Fenton , Guilty,

think it incumbent on them to adjudge, and do hereby Adjudge, that he be Cashiered, and declared Unworthy of serving His Majesty in any Military Capacity whatever; and that the same be notified to him in such public Manner as His Majesty may think most proper: — And the Court do, for the Sake of Example, further adjudge, that the Charges of which the Prisoner has been convicted, together with the Adjudication of the Court, be declared, if His Majesty shall think fit, in Public Orders, and that the same be read at the Head of every Militia Corps in the Kingdom.

The Court Martial having proceeded thus far an their Enquiry in Obedience to His Majesty's Commands, and having disposed of such of the various Articles of Charge, as from their being connected with each other, and from their very serious Nature, seemed to demand the most immediate Attention, beg Leave now to submit' to His Majesty, whether their Determination and Sentence may not satisfy the Purposes of Public Justice, and whether His Majesty may in His Wisdom think it necessary to j direct, that the Court should fully execute His Majesty's

1 Commands, by investigating the Remainder of the

! Charges, which have been preferred against Colonel

Cawthorne.

The Court adjourned till Thursday, the 21st of January 1796, at Twelve o'Glock. i Fowls, President.

J. A. Oldham, j Depy Judge Advocate General.

Thursday,21st Janua 17 96.

j The COURT met pursuant to Adjournment; and in

| Obedience to His Majesty's Commands, signified

through the President by Letter from the Judge Advocate General, proceeded in the Investigation

| of those Seven Articles of Charge preferred against

1 Colonel Cazvthome, which have not been already

1 disposed of.

Saturday, 30th January 1796.

The COURT, after mature Consideration of the Evidence before them, touching the Fifth, Seventh, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, and Fourteenth, Articles of Charge, proceeded to give their Opinion as follows; viz.

Fifth Article of Charge.

With regard to the Fifth Article of Charge, jt appears to the Court that Colonel Cawthorne has, at divers Times, received large Sums of Money from Men chosen by Ballot to serve as Militia Men in the Westminster Regiment of Middlesex Militia, on his undertaking to procure Substitutes for them; and that he did by himself, or Agent or Agents, reject Men who offered to serve as Substitutes, and who were able and fit for Service, because they would not engage for less Money than the said Colonel, or his Agent, had received for such Procurement; and also that he did agree for several of the Persons named in the Charge to serve as Substitutes who were unfit for Service, because such Persons engaged to serve for less Money than the said Colonel, or his Agent, had received for that Purpose; and the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having obtained large Sums of Money for his own Use, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman.

Seventh Article of Charge.

With regard to the Seventh Article of Charge, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having, as Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, or under Colour of such Authority, since the said Regiment has been embodied, in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman, received divers Sums of Money from several of the Persons named in the Charge, who had been chosen by Ballot to serve as Militia Men in the said Regiment;

George Stone, John Vernon, Junior, William Wightman, Edward Walker, John Goodm, Thomas Bradbury,

John Oakley Clerk, and Charles Grey, upon his undertaking to procure Substitutes for such Principals, without procuring any such Substitutes, or entering the Names of the said Persons so chosen in the Regimental Book provided and kept for that Purpose; thereby embezzling or misapplying the Money so received.

Ninth Article of Charge.

With regard to the Ninth Article of Charge; viz.

" That the said Colonel Cawthorne did, at the " Camp at Lydd, in or about the Month of " August 1794, compel several of the Militia " Men, in the said Charge named, or some or One uof them, to take Breeches, Gaiters, or Foraging " Caps, at a Time when they did not want such " Articles, and when their new Cloathing was due,

" and did charge such Militia Men for the same " more than such Articles were worth, or more " than the said Colonel paid for the same, and " in Violation of His Majesty's Instructions " relative to the Pay and Allowances of Foot u Soldiers serving at Home:" —

— The Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is not guilty; and does therefore acquit him.

Tenth Article of Charge.

With regard to the Tenth Article of Charge, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of not having supplied the Regiment, during Part of the Years 1793, 1794, and 1795, with a sufficient Number of Great Coats, although Money was entrusted or allowed to him by Government for such Cloathing; but it does not appear that he embezzled or misapplied the Money so entrusted or allowed.

Eleventh

1

2° Mail

36 Gf.o. III.

x

Eleventh Article of Charge.

With regard to the Eleventh Article of Charge, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel is guilty

of having wilfully kept the said Regiment incomplete, ever since the 28th Day of January 1793, when it was ordered out into actual Service, whereby an undue Emolument has accrued to him in respect of the Cloathing thereby saved, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's Service.

Twelfth Article of Charge.

With regard to the Twelfth Article of Charge, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is guilty of having knowingly made a false Return at the Camp near Hythe, in the Month of May 1795, to Major General Bruce, under whose Command the Regiment then was; and also of having knowingly made a false Return of the State of the Regiment at the Camp near Brighton, on the 28th of June and on the 1st of July 1795, to Lieutenant General Lascclles, under whose Command the Regiment then was, by carrying on, upon the Strength of the said Regiment, the Names of several of the Men named in the Charge, who did not at the said several Days of making such Returns belong to the said Regiment; but with regard to the latter Part of the said Charge, namely, that of making a false Muster, the Court is of Opinion, that Colonel Cawthorne is not guilty, and does therefore acquit him.

Fourteenth, and last Article of Charge.

With regard to this Article of Charge;

" That the said Colonel, since the said Regiment " was ordered into actual Service, and when " there was no Lieutenant for the said County of " Middlesex, recommended to the Deputy Lieu-

" tenancy appointed by His Majesty to grant " Commissions, and since the Marquis of " field was appointed Lieutenant for the said " County, did recommend to the said Marquis " of Titchfield, Persons to serve as Ensigns in the said Regiment; viz. John North Boy dell, James

" Chauvel ----- ---- Clarke, and — *---- Grant, or

" some or One of them, and by Misrepresentation " procure from the said Deputy Lieutenancy and " Marquis of Titchfield Commissions for such ' " Persons, although the said Colonel Cawthorne

" knew that some of them were not of sufficient " Age for such Service, for the Purpose of appropriating to himself the Pay and Allowances " issued for such Ensigns, or of giving the same " to such Ensigns as a Gratuity, which Ensigns " never joined the said Regiment; contrary to " his Duty as an Officer, and in a scandalous infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of " ar> Officer and a Gentleman —

— The Court is of Opinion that Colonel Cawthorne is not guilty of the same, nor of any Part thereof, and does therefore acquit him.

The Court Martial, upon considering of a Sentence adequate to those Articles of Charge of which they have now found themselves obliged, upon Investigation thereof, to convict the Prisoner, Colonel John Fenton Cawthorne, and adverting to the Sentence already passed by them in respect of the Seven other Articles of Charge before examined into, have only fully to confirm such their former Sentence, whereby he, the said Colonel John Fenton Cawthorne, Is adjudged to be cashiered, and declared unworthy of serving His Majesty in any Military Capacity whatever.

Powis, President,

J. A. Oldham,

Depy Judge Advocate General.

Vo l, 51,

661

Monday, 21st March 1796.

The Court being met, pursuant to Adjournment;

The Judge Advocate now publicly, in open Court, read the Whole of the Opinion of the Court Martial upon each Point, together with the Adjudication; and also declared His Majesty's Approval and Ratification thereof; and the Court was then declared (by His Majesty's Command) to be dissolved.

Powis, President,

J. A. Oldham,

Depy Judge Advocate.

Mr, Caw* thorne heard*

12*

And Mr. Cawthorne was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, having been found guilty of the First, Second, Third,

Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Thirteenth Articles of Charge, mentioned in the said Proceedings, in the Terms expressed in the Sentences given thereon by the said Court Martial, be expelled this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,'

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, tJu: }

Teller, for the Noe, Junior]108'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said proposed Question was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And it appearing to the House, That John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, a Member of this House, has been found guilty, by a Court Martial, of divers Charges, in respect of some of which he is found guilty of having acted fraudulently, and in a scandalous and infamous Manner, unbecoming the Character of an Officer and a Gentleman;

Resolved, That the said John Fenton Cawthorne, expelled. Esquire, be expelled this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Middlesex Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing Justices Bill, and making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty- P*8^' second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Administration " of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts " of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and /

" near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the ‘ more effectual Administration of the Office of a

Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties ‘ of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Me-‘ tropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of

Felonies."

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. Paper* refer-

And the said Order being read accordingly; red.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Treaty with Majesty Sardinia-

yGOOgll

Estimate of Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Chelsea In-Pensioners.

Widows Pensions.

Commitee of Ways and Means.

Account of Navy, &c. Bills, referred.

Quakers Relief Bill, committed.

662

2° Ma

A. 1796.

Majesty and the King of Sa,signed at London the 25th of April 1793; and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 17th Day of June 1793) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House; That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out between the 1st of February 1795, and the 30th of September following, inclusive, with Interest computed thereon to the 5th day of April 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons for Non-payment of Tythes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for fur-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ll‘^ SuPP°rt / upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An deferredf3' Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hat Duty Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Collection Bill, deferred, of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Act for to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Par- regulating liament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made flie. DIf"'

" in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His E^portatio^r " present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating of Sugar.

" the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the "^Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships " and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars " exported in any other than British Ships," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made " in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the " Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Shipsand " for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported " in any other than British Ships."

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill gjil ordered, to alter an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the " Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships " and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars " exported in any other than British Ships And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n Motion for to consider of the Motion, made upon Friday last,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the of LimT&c. Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the

Improvement

36 Geo. III. , 2° Mail.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Committee on Bill respecting the landing of Goods, &cc.

Committee on Duties on Melasses imported in Foreign Ships.

Improvement of Land, without Sufferance, Warrant, or Transire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass: And that Mr.

Mr. Rolle, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please, to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of imposing Duties on Melasses imported from any Parts out of Europe in Foreign Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Motion for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming adding a the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon Clause to the Friday, last, That a Clause to empower Justices to Hay ami award Costs, &c. to Salesmen, in certain Cases, then

rammed! ' offered to be added to the Bill to regulate the buying

and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen , and in the Vol.51.

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay arid Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, be made Part of the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be made part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative. '

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for indorsing the Warrant of Distress, and awarding Costs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing a Salesman, convicted, to obtain, in certain Cases, the Re-payment of the Penalty and Costs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Billto en-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Execution of " raising a certain Number of Men in the several Act forraisinj " Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Men for the

u Navy," might be read. dered' °r"

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce the due Execution of the said Act: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Importation ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the free Importation consjdered. of Arrow Root from the British Colonies in the West Indies.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Dog Tax Bill a Bill for imposing certain Duties on Dogs: And the Presente same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed MoorsomiV Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving 1V0rce 1 ' the Marriage of Richard Moorsom, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for. other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Hannington inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Chmmonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hannington, in the county of,

be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

RestJoed,

e

664

2" — 3° Mail. A. 1796.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-on Report of jflgt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, forth^Peti- to cons*^er of the Report which was made from the tion, deferred Committee to whom the Petition of George

Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 3* die Maii;

Anno 36° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796.

Praters.

Duke of A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Newcastle's Act to empower the Guardians of the most Noble

committed' Henry Duke of Newcas, an Infant, to charge his settled Estates with certain Sums of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, and to grant Building and other Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain Parts of the said Estates, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stoka Roch- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ford Inclosure the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, Bill, passed. within the Parishes of Stoke and Stoke,

otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 13. To leave out " passing this Act," and insert " First Day of January " One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five" instead thereof.

Pr. 28. I. 14. After "otherwise" to insert "except by Lease at Rack Rent."

Pr. 29. 1. 33, After " Description " to insert

andf "and Plan."

34.J

Pr. 36. 1. 26. To leave out from " Hand " to " And," in Pr. 37,1. 22.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from :he Tower Hamleta igainst the Application to license The Royalty Theatre.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto annexed, being principal Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Division of the Tower Hamlets, and the Parts adjoining, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having been informed that Two Petitions have been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license, as a Playhouse, during the Summer Season, the Theatre commonly known by the Name of The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of the Tower of London, beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Building, which it is the Object of those Petitions to convert into a licensed Theatre, is situated immediately between the great Silk Manufactories of , and the numerous and extensive Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, Ship Yards Rope Walks, and other most important Naval Establishments, on the Regularity, good Ordering, and Success, of which, the Prosperity, not of this Metropolis alone, but of the whole Kingdom, does most nearly depend: That Artizans of many Descriptions work there till the Hour of Eight in the Evening, and on sudden Emergencies, to which, from the Nature of their Business, they are constantly subjected, to a later Hour, and that many of the Petitioners are also busied very late in their Counting Houses, Shops, and Warehouses, when they have Occasion for the Attendance of different Descriptions of Persons engaged in their Employment, and it would be a most serious Evil to them if their Journeymen,

Servants, Apprentices, Workmen, and Labourers, were exposed to the Temptation (which a Theatre so near at Hand would necessarily offer) of absenting themselves from their several Employments at a Moment when their Services might be most required, and of rendering themselves unfit for the Labour of the following Day by the Excesses of the Evening:

That Multitudes of People are employed below Bridge amongst the Shipping, whose Leisure depends entirely upon the Tide, and for those Men to be loitering in a Playhouse, at a Moment when they are wanted on the River, would be an Evil of the last Consequence, immense Property depending not only upon their Exertions but upon their Punctuality; and that a still greater Number are employed in the Dock Yards,

Rope Walks, and other Places, where Naval Manufactories are carried on, and that Idleness and Dissipation, and a System of expensive Amusement, introduced amongst them, might prove fatal, in Moments of Public Exertion, to National Equipments, and must be so at all Times to the Interests of Commerce, the most important Venture of the Merchant being often exposed to Failure by a few Hours Delay in the Execution of his Order: And, that the Petitioners being firmly persuaded, as well for the Reason of the Thing, as from their own melancholy Experience, during the short Time the said.

Building was some Time since opened as a Place of Public Amusement, that these and other Evils will be the inevitable Consequence of its being now converted into a Theatre, and impressed with the most serious Concern and Alarm for the Mischiefs that they conceive must necessarily arise to the Public and themselves, therefore pray, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and that the said intended Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for assessing the Commissioners, Bill respect. Clerks, and other Officers of the Duties on Salt, for inf? the Land their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Tax A.ssesf* Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin office,* in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, passed. *

notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into «Somei'set Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue so much of an Act, Pawnbrokers passed in the Twenty-nipth Year of the Reign of His Bill, passed.

present

36 Geo. III.

3° M

665

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," as was not repealed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Moonom's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Div, ce for dissolving the Marriage of Moorsom, Gen-

tleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Tarrington An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-Incloaare Bill, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Little Caater- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open um Inclosure anci Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Ml, commit- and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little

Casterton, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Hobart, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com- Minutes of mittee, who were appointed to take into Consideration Evidence an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to "explain on Geneand amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, ral Turnpike " the general Laws now in being for regulating of Acts, reportTurnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britained‘

" called England, and for other Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Payment " of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the " Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn " on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of " Toll in particular Cases," and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, and who were instructed to report the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them to the House; That the Committee had directed him to report a Copy of the said Minutes accordingly; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

St. Martin's Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com-Outwich mittee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Parish reported1' Church of Saint Martin, Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the City of London, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and N.avy> &c-Transport Bills, held by the Bank of England, and Rb(^ which will fall due on or before the 30th of November dered. 1796.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, Account of from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, #,« Bank y at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their presented! Order,

An Account of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, held by the Bank of England, and which will fall due on or before the 30th of November 1796.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, held by the Bank of England, and which will fall due on or before the 30th of November 1796.

Bank of England, May 2d 1796.

THE Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, held by the Bank, and which will fall due on or before the 30th November next, amount to

£-573>86o. ss. o

A. Neudand, Chief Cashier.

Vol. SI.

8 G

Ordered

Committee on exempting Dftiriee, &c. from Window Duties.

Repoit Supply.

To make good Engagements with the King of Sardinia.

Report Ways and Means.

"Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

666 3° Man. A. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of exempting Dairies, and Rooms used solely for the Purpose of drying and keeping Cheese, from the Duties on Windows and Lights.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make good His Engagements with the King of Sardinia.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills, payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of May 1795, who shall, on or before the tst Day of July 1796, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed, and marked upon the said Bills, at the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, respectively, to the 30th Day of April last) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked or certilied by him or his Paymaster and Cashier, to the G overnor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to One hundred and Five Pounds Capital Stock for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per to commence from the 5th Duy of January 1796, to be payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, and to be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as the Annuities established by the Acts of the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in* or entitled unto, any

Bills, payable in Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, which were made out after the 31st Day of May, and on or before the 30th Day of Sep-temlter 1795, who shall, on or before the 1st Day of July 1796, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed, and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices respectively, to the 30 th Day of April last) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked or certified by him or his Paymaster and Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to One hundred and Four Pounds Capital Stock for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1796, to be payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, and to be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as the Annuities established by the Acts of the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, and that the said Annuities shall be charged upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Laws. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty " Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Three Acts, made in the Eighth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, u An Act for further encouraging and regulating the u Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the " more effectual securing the Duties now payable on " Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of Sep-teniber 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom,

@ and

Expiring

Law,

Longitude Bill, presented-

Bjllrtppeou

,ng Aliei^ presejQLted.

96 Geo. III. 3" Man. 667

and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth, Fourteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made " Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks " upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported," which was to be in Force from the 1st Day of July 1766, during the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of Three Years, and which, by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, amended, and further continued for the further Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the further Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Two First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of -ington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Residue of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles do prepare, and

bring in, die same.

Sir Philip Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill further to continue an Act, Vol. 51.

made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain CasesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide for the " Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the " Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving " therein, and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws " relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain " called EnglandAnd the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Plan stated to the House in a Petition by them presented on the 6th Day of February 1795, their Exertions have been continued to carry into Effect the several beneficial Purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment of a College for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science, and that, for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horses and other valuable Cattle, they have Pleasure in stating, that Thirteen Pupils have passed Examination at the said College, rn Addition to the Seven Persons mentioned in their former Petition, several of whom are settled in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are practising the Knowledge they have acquired, to the great Advantage of the Public, and their own considerable Emolument; and it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners are enabled to state, that the Importance of the Institution having been taken into Consideration by His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, the Propriety of appointing Persons educated at the College to be Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments of Cavalry has been determined on, in consequence of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been referred, and, in consequence of such Decision, Four Pupils, whose Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and Sixteen Pupils are pursuing their Studies at the College, several of whom have expressed their Willingness to fill similar Situations as soon as they shall be deemed duly qualified to undertake the same; and, in order that in future the Army may have the Advantage of the Services of Men so educated, the Walk of the Infirmary, together with the Lectures and Dissections of the Professor, are open for one Pupil, to be appointed by the Colonel of each Regiment of Cavalry, each of whom will be subject to the same rigorous Examination of the Medical Committee, and will be certified by them as has been heretofore practised in respect of the other Pupils of the College: That the College continues under the Direction of the Professor Mr. Coleman, a Gentleman of Talents and Skill, and who, by several useful and important Discoveries in the Science, has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully justified the Expectations formed of its Improvement from the Exertions of a Man, who, to a liberal Education, has added the Advantage of a successful Course of Study in the first Schools of

Anatomy

Bill to amend Act to provide for the Families of Militia Men, presented.

Petition of certain Subscribers to the Veterinary College for Leave to present a Petition for further Relief.

668 3° M A. 1796.

Antomy and Medicine; and that the Petitioners have already stated to the House the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan, and particularly, from the embarrassed State of their Finances, for that the Sum so liberally granted by Parliament last Year, though it has, in a considerable Degree, contributed to alleviate their Difficulties, has proved very inadequate to remove them entirely, notwithstanding the Petitioners have, with the utmost Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure much within the Estimate of the Committee of this House, to whom their former Petition was referred, and within those Limits to which they are still of Opinion it would be advantageous to . extend it, in order that the Public might derive the full Advantage of such an Establishment: That the Petitioners have again, with Regret, to state, that (under the heavy Pressure of Debt, of which an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament, it will be impossible to bring to Perfection an Establishment, which, from the Advantages likely to accrue from the more skilful Care of so important a Branch of Public Property as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever an Object of National Importance; and that the Petitioners, having been informed that certain Regulations for the Appointment of Persons, educated at the Veterinary to be

Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments of Cavalry, were under the Consideration of His Royal Highness the Commander in Chief, and of His Majesty's Ministers, thought it absolutely necessary for them to wait for the Issue of such Deliberations before they made their Application to the House, by which Means the Time for presenting private Petitions has elapsed: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of these Circumstances, they may be permitted to present a Petition for the Relief so essentially necessary for continuing their present Establishment. kMv» given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be

S'ven to present a Petition, as desired by the said oblemen, Gentlemen, and others.

Veterinary Then a Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, writeFM ot^ers' Subscribers to an Institution, called The tion. r$ eU Veterinary College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said - Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That such Relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

State of Debt Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a of Veterinary State of the Debt of the Veterinary College on the 1st of

College, be. May ,79(3

or ere , Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Veterinary College, from the 1st of June 1705 to the 1st of May 179b.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rt'of SUP" upon ingrosse(J P'H from the Lords, intituled, An Curates. Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-. posed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual her late Majesty's gracious Intentions for augmenting the " Maintenance of the poor Clergy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Quakers Re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, \ie£ Blll> upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People "eerr called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes; and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And the said Motion wras, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill f« regu-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, kting the to consider further of the Bill for regulating the ship- of

ping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the deferred. Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is King's Con-concerned in the Bill for draining and improving, *enttoMar*h. and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marsh-land Smeethand Marshland Fen, lying within the Bill.

Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof, which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been re-committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Hannington Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- incIosure Bill, ing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Com- or

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish Month#. ' of Hannington, in the County of Northampton, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for alto resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, lowing Costs upon the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of MiSemean the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as how is by ors> &c-

Law deferred.

36 Geo. III.

30 Mail

669

Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Foreign Me- A Bill for allowing the Importation of Melasses from lasses impor- any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships wmmitted or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.'

Report

respecting

Duties on

Melasses

imported in

Foreign

Ships.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing Duties on Melasses imported from any Parts out of Europe in Foreign Ships, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Three Shillings be charged on every One hundred Weight of Melasses imported from any Parts ont of Europe, in Foreign Ships. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed on the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Melasses which shall have been imported from any Parts out of Europe in Foreign Ships.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British. Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Bill respect- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the ing the land- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 4c reported*' more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in Case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for Conveyance of printedVotee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vol. 51.

to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of George Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe, Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by Weight.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets.

Ordered, That the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, " or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, " to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, " on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by " Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same," be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the free Importation of Arrow Root from the British Colonies in the fVesl Indies.

Ordered, That the Bill for imposing certain Duties on Dogs, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir JohnIVodehouseh&ve Leave to make

a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding and Depasturing, of the said

8 H Smeeth

& c. by the Post, deferred.

Committe on lteport of Mr. Stainforth's Petition, deferred.

Hat Duty Bill, deferred

Biscoe‘s Divorce Bill, deferred.

Black Lead Duty Bill, deferred.

Mahogany Duty Bill, deferred.

Wines, and Sweets additional Duties Bill, deferred,

Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties on Post Horses, deferred.

Committee on Importation of Arrov Root, deferred.

Dog Tax Bill, deferred

Marshland Drainage an Inclosure, See. Bill, passed.

Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Butt, Treasurer of the Veterinary College, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper intituled, " Debt of the Veterinary College, May ist, 1796 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Receipts and Disbursements of " the Veterinary College, from 1st June 1795 to 1st " May 1796."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

DEBT of the Veterinary College, May 1st 1796.

To certain Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to a Loan, as stated to a Committee

of the Honourable House of Commons, 1795 - - - - £. 4,200 ——

Sundry Tradesmen and others, as stated to the same Committee - 4,800 ——

Omissions in the above Account - 174 4 4 £. s. d.

9>174 4 4

Discharged of the above Accounts from 1st June 1795 to 1st May 1796 - - - 2,539 1 9

Balance remaining due - -- -Sundry Debts contracted from 1st June 1795 to 1st May 1796 - - 6,635 724 2 7

Total of present Debt - - £. 7,359 2 7

J. Butt, Treasurer of the Veterinary College.

RECEIPTS and DISBURSEMENTS of the Veterinary College, from 1st June 1795 to 1st May 1796.

RECEIPTS,

From 1st June 1795 to 1st May 1796.

By Balance of Cash ——

Subscriptions ——

Stables ——

Forge ——

Grant of Parliament -

Errors in Accounts -....

Profit by Composition -....

£. t. d.

132 14 11

986 17 —

1,011 17 5

192 17 10

1,500

204 8 —

561

£. 4,589 15 2

DISBURSEMENTS,

From 1st June 1795 to 1st May 1796.

To Fees on Grant of Parliament ——

Salaries to Professor and Collector ——

Rent ——

Repairs, and Vote of Committee towards building a Ride ——

Stables, including Forage, the Weekly Wages of Grooms, and the Dispenser of Medicines Forge, including Materials and the Weekly Wages of Smiths -

Incidental Expences not referable to any of the preceding Articles, as Stationary, Advertisements, Printing, Taxes, &c. ——

Discharge of certain Debts contained in the List of Debts delivered to a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons 1795> ar)d others which ought to have appeared in such List..... ——

£. s. d.

181 10 2

3°7 — 3

80 — —

196 2 5

950 4 5

164 17 2

160 15 5

2,539 1 9

4,579 11 7

May 1st 1796. J. Butt, Treasurer of the Veterinary College.

Ordered,

State of Debt of Veterinary College, &c. presented.

36 Geo. III. 3" — 4°-

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tillTo-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4° die Mail;

-5° Maii. 67 ]

heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to their Property, and may have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Anno 36° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

House ad- rT'HE House met, and being counted by Mr. journed. X Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovia, 5° die Anno 36" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

Swansea jV/Tit. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

Lighthouse J^VJ_ whom the Bill to amend and render more

1 ,repore . efl-eclua| an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Subscribers thereto, being Merchants and Ship Owners in the City of , was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Bromyard, in against' the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, Bromyard In- and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and closure Bill, selling Parts of certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and for letting the Residue of such Commons and Waste Lands, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor Rates, or other Public Expences within the said Parish, and for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of Bromyard aforesaid; and Representing to the House, That there are several Powers and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Property of the Petitioners, and several other Owners and Proprietors of -Lands and Estates within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be

Vol. 51.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Lincoln Poor the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the li|II»reP°ness-Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Inhabitants within the Parishes of -

ston, Bracebridge, and Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that die Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dwidas reported from the Committee, Longcot into whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, closure Bl,l> the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- reporte<i‘

mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Lands of the Annual Value of 1/. who had been applied to by Letter, but had not returned any Answer; and that the Annual Value of all the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,384/.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord John Russell reported from the Committee, to Bedford *nd whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Ampthill,&. enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- por tituled, " An Act for repairing and widening the

" Road

672 5° Man. A. 1796.

" Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End " of the Town of Bedford, to the Tow n of Ampthill, " and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, " in the County of Bedford, and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempston Field to the Turn-" pike Road leading from Hitcliin to the said Town of " Bedford,'' except so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of Town

to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of R Town aforesaid, through Huisbourn Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to all in

the said County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

-°rds The House proceeded to take into Consideration

oTatfer-6"13 the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, hall, &c. In- intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open losure and and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor DrainageBiJl, Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, greed to in t^e parjsh of Tattershall, and Townships of

shall Thorpe, and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow' Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the River Witham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 39. 1. 36. After " otherwise" insert " except " by Lease at Rack Rent."

Pr. 40. 1. 28. After " Parties" insert " a Dupli-( " cate of which Notice shall be

" deposited in the Episcopal " Registry at ."

Pr. 41. 1. 1. After "otherwise" insert " except " by Lease at Rack Rent."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-

ships.

dillion Bank Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Com-e-committed mittee, to whom the Bill for dissolving a certain Partner-nil, reported. ship Society or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other ' Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him

i to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the i Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

i Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

! Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

| severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Slock-with, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Johnson, Gentleman, Impropriator of the Tythes within the Township of East in

the Parish of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands within the said Township, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the adding of Two Commissioners therein named (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at 21. 12 s.4 d.and of 8 Common Rights, who

refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands rated at 4/. 6s. 8 and of 9 Common Rights, who could not be met with; and also, except the Owners of Lands rated at 11/. 12 s. 11 and of 20 Common Rights, who refused their Consent to the adding the Two Commissioners, but consented to the Bill in other Respects; and also, except One Owner of Ploughlands, who could not be met with, and Two Owners of Ploughlands, who objected to the adding of the Two Commissioners, but otherwise consented to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property concerned in the Inclosure is rated at 204/. 8

and there are 232 Common Rights; and that Six Persons are concerned in the said Ploughlands;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-ected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe, Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Morton, Wal-kerith, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, reported.

Committee on Biscoe's Divorce Bill.

Supply, deferred.

tyv vj Mit vy xii*

kJ

U I kJ

Ways and

Means,

deferred

Day appointed for considering Report on Cutting Retail Butchers Petition.

Bill for registering certain Ships ordered.

Day appointed lor considering Report on General Turnpike Acts.

Lincoln Writ.

Committee on Wines and Sweets additional Duties Bill.

House, to consider further of tire Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Cutting Retail Butchers of London, Westminster, the Borough of wark, and the Places adjacent thereto, was referred, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering and the granting Certificates of Registry to certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which have belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing Laws in that Behalf: And that Mr. Douglas and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 27th Day of April last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike " Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, " and for other Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and altering " an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same " relates to the Payment of Additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used " in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for " allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight " and Payment of Toll in particular Cases," and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincoln, in the room of John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, expelled this House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Voj.. 51.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself, into a Committee of the whole House, to °n E*st It)dia consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which Revenue^* were presented to the House, upon the 21 st Day of Account*, April last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East deferred. India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before Account re-this House, an Account of all Sums of Money that »pecting the have been paid by them to the Proprietors of the East ^ia India Stock, as Increase of Dividend beyond Ten per ordered^' Centum since the Act of Parliament which, in certain Cases, and under certain Restrictions, compels them to pay 500,000l. Annually to the State.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Orders sent by them to their several Presidencies in India, when they transmitted the late Regulations relative to their Military Officers, together with the Date of those Orders.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Lottery Bill, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of presented. Money to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report Reso-the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider lutionforex-of exempting Dairies, and Rooms used solely for the Purpose of drying and keeping Cheese, from the Duties window r°m on Windows and Lights, be now received. Duties.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Dairies and Rooms used solely for the Purpose of drying, keeping, or making Cheese or Butter, should be exempted from the Duties on Windows and Lights.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Billforgrant-further Consideration the Report from the Committee ing a Duty on of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Succession to real Estates, in re-committed. certain Cases, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ,of the said Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " immediately," and inserting the Words " upon this Day Three " Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Word " immediately" stand Part of the Question;

81 The

Committee on re-committed Bill for granting a Duty on Succession to Real Estates.

reported.

Committee on Bill for further Support of Curates.

Longitude Bill, committed.

Bill respecting Aliens, committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {& } 6* .

Tellers for the Noes, {»£ *& } 24-

So, it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report.be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases," be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide for the " Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the " Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving " therein, and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for AmenfN " ing, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the " Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by Weight.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Bill to amend Act to provide for the Families of Militia Men, committed.

Committee on Foreign Melasses Importation Bill.

Committee on Black Lead Duty Bill.

Committee on Mahogany Duty Bill.

36 Geo. III. 5*

675

Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties on Post Horses, committed.

Bill for repealing Duties on Glove Licences, committed.

Dog Tax Bill, committed.

Bill for making Allowances to Militia Officers, committed.

Bill for the more expeditious Conveyance of Writs, deferred.

Ordered, That the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iptituled, " An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time " being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, " made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling " Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be " willing to contract for the samev" be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for imposing certain Duties on Dogs, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mackarel An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Fishery Bill, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An passed. " Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bolton's A Petition of Thomas Bolton, Agent for James Petition Christie, Esquire, was presented to the House, and Christie'^ rea(l 5 Setting forth, That, by an Order of the House, Divorce Bill, made on the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Christie, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie Christie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it was ordered, that it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was Vol. 51.

then committed, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill, and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses: That the Petitioner hath caused diligent Search and Enquiry to be made after the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie, and the Place of her Abode, and, having learnt that she left England some Time ago, and went to reside in the Indies, or in some other Parts beyond the Seas, and that Lady Dowager Baird, the Mother of the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie, lived at Southampton, in the County of Hants, the Petitioner sent a Person thither to obtain from the said Lady Dowager Baird some further Information respecting the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie, and that the said Lady Dowager Baird informed the Person, so sent by the Petitioner, that the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie left England about a Year ago, and went to reside in the West Indies, where she now is: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that Service of the Order of the House, and delivering a Copy of the said Bill now depending, signed by the Clerk of the House, to the said Lady Dowager Baird, the Mother of the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie, may be as effectual Notice to the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie of the Order of the House, and of the Time of the Commitment of the said Bill, as if she was personally served with the same.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of February 1750, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Gascoyne Finch, Agent for Godfrey Copley, of Sprotbrough, in the County of York, Esquire, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that a. Person was attending at the Door, who could give the House an Account of the Allegations contained in the said Petition;

Mr. James Brindle, who had been employed by the Petitioner, Mr. Bolton, to make Enquiries respecting the Place of Residence of the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Service of the said former Orders of this House, and of this Order, upon the said Lady Dowager Baird, and leaving an attested Copy of the said ingrossed Bill with her, be deemed good Service of the same upon the said Elizabeth Leslie Christie.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, National a Bill for granting to His Majesty, the Sum of Two Debt Bill> hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Presented-Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill for Order, a Bill for permitting the carrying Coastwise permitting of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of ^Tecarried Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Coastwise, Let-pass: And the same was received; and read the presented. First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider °.n Importa-of allowing the free Importation of Arrow. Root from ^tof Arrow the British Colonies in the West Indies.

Ordered,

Instruction respecting Linseed Cake.

Hat Duty Bill, deferred.

Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, deferred.

Morton, Walkerith, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, passed.

' Million Bank . Bill, passed.

1

676

5# — 6° Mail A. 1796.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Society or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and mittee, That they do consider of permitting the free for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging . Importation of Linseed Cake from any Foreign Country thereto, amongst the Members thereof, whatever. Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Coalheavers Day appoint-

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. working upon the River Thames, between London Bridge «d for Second

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. and Greenwich, and to regulate the Price of their Coalheavers

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That Labour, and to prevent Frauds and Impositions on Bill,

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had such Labourers, be read a Second Time upon Monday directed him to report, when the House will please to Morning next, receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bichner's Morning. for naturalizing Otto Bichner, was read a Second Nat-

Time. commi

The other Order of the Day being read; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Pitt, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Collection of the Duty on Hats be read the Third Time Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s upon Monday Morning next. Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6* die Maii;

Anno 36* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morion, Walkerith, East Stock-with, Blilon, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Stockwith, Bliton,

Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for dissolving a certain Partnership Society or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcsohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Swansea an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the 'paMed' Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume be added to the Gen- Member add-tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ed to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- C08ure 1 ' scribed, being Owners of Estates in the Township of Harwood, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the.

County Palatine of Lancaster, and having Rights of Common, or other Rights, in, over, and upon, the Wastes and Commons lying and being within the said Township.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according Harwood Into Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, closure Bill, the Waste Grounds within the Township of Harwood, Presented-in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Longcotln-ing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, closure Bill, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste passed‘ Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commoa Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish' of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for Sals to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "^9° upon the Bill for the sale of Corn by Weight, and for *"

preventing Frauds in the Sale of Corn by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration, be now read.

c And

! Lincoln Poor Bill, passed.

Bollmann's Nat. Bill, committed.

BUI for Relief of Stock Holders, committed.

Report from Committee appointed to examine General Index to the Journals.

Petition from Cambridge against the Bill for Sale of Com by Weight.

36 Geo. III. 6°

677

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Henry Bollmann, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Corn by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners cannot see, without considerable Alarm, some of the Regulations contained in the said Bill, and humbly conceive, that, if they are permitted to be heard, they shall be able to prove to the House, that the same are highly injurious to the Petitioners, without being advantageous to the Public: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present Form, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel, ana may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish Church St. Martiu's of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within 9{'twlfhR.„ the City of London, was read die Third Time. pawed. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle , within the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Lushington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Nottingham Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, Road and commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South 68

End of the Bridge over the Nottingham, Canal, called mitted.

The Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Com- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords mittee, who were appointed to examine a General Mr. Graves: have agreed

Index to the Journals of this House, from the Year Mr. Speaker,

1774 to the Year 1790, compiled by Mr. Samuel Dunn, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for rais-and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; for raising the Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred *"8a ,s.um ^y That the Committee had examined the said Index ac- Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities; without any nnulties-cordingly, and had directed him to make a Report Amendment

thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his And then the Messengers withdrew.

Place; and afterwards delivered.it in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Second Er-

viz. Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein men- PlS

Your Committee having examined Mr. Samuel tioned relating to the better Encouragement of the Dunn, and received from him the said Index, find that making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encou-he has followed the Plan and Method of Arrangement raging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and of the most approved Index (Mr. Moore's); That his securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported;

General Heads, Divisions, and Sub-divisions are nearly to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, the same, with however some Additions and Im- and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to provements, as particularly a Table of controverted the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-Elections during the above Period; and the Committee made Cordage: And the same was received; and read having followed a considerable Number of the Re- the First Time.

ferences from different Parts of the Index 'to the re- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, spective Places pointed out in the Journals, have

found them to be perfectly correct: They are there- Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Bill for regis-

fore of Opinion that this Index has been compiled with Order, a Bill for authorizing His Majesty to order the ^ing of cer-

great Care and Skill, and that it is in every Respect registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry tain well calculated to answer the Purpose for which it was to, certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His P intended. Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which

Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are registered, according to the existing Laws in that Be-thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Dealers in half: And the same was received; and read the First Com residing within the Town of Cambridge, in the Time.

County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the Sale of Cora Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

by Weight, and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 51. 8 K Mr.

678

6° Mali.

A.

Bill to amend Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Act respect a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Ses-

presenS? s*on Pad'ament, intituled; " An Act to amend an " Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, ", and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and " Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in " Foreign Shipsand for reducing the Bounty on " Refined Sugars exported in any other than British " Ships And the same was received; and read the' First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for fur- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the of Curai>es°rt Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed reported. ' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 27. Leave out " the " and insert " a."

1.28. Leave out "of" and insert "not " exceeding."

Pr. 3. 1. 18. Leave out " void or."

1. 36. Leave out " void or."

At the End of the Bill add, " subject nevertheless to an Appeal, as well in the Case of a Grant of a Licence to a Curate who has " not been nominated, as in the Revocation of a Licence " granted to a Curate, such " Appeal to be made, in either " Case, to the Archbishop of " the Province, and to be " determined in a summary " Manner."

In the Title: At the End, insert " and for mak-

" ing Regulations respecting " the Appointment of such " Curates."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second , Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 19. After " it " to insett " further," and to leave out from " Enacted " to " that," in 1. 23.

1. 33. To leave out " Benefices, or in."

1. 37. After " explained " to insert " enlarged."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Certain East The House being informed that N4* 1, 2, and 14, of India Ac- the Accounts which were presented to the House, upon drawn and" 21st Day of April last, by Mr. Owen (from the others or- Directors of the East India Company) had been found dered. erroneous;

Ordered, That the said Accounts be withdrawn, and that others be substituted in their Place.

Corrections Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such of Bombay Corrections of the Bombay Accounts, already before ^ecr^nts, or* the House, as may be necessary, from the Accounts lately received from thence by The Milford.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Housd,. a Letters from Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Mr. Dundas, Jeremiah Fitzpatrick dated 8th i April 1795. ChtteGrey,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a ordered.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated the 20th of January 1794.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Accounts of Directors of the East Indict Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to of c'

the House, pursuant to their Orders, India Com-

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the pany, pre-East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, sented‘-Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Ophium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same — to be substituted in the room of N° 1. presented the 21st of April:And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Ophium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same — to be substituted in the room of N° 2. presented the 21st of April: And also,

N° 14. A General Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from the 1st of May 1795 to the 30th of April 1796 — to be substituted in the room of N° 14. presented the 21st of April: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest — to be substituted in the room of N° 16. presented the 21st of April: And also,

N° 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Alarlbro', and Factory at Canton, according to the latest Advices — to be substituted in the room of N° 21. presented the 21 st of April.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 21 st Day of April last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company.)

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Bill for allowing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ine Costii House, upon the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Dis- jen^nora cretion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as &c. deferred, now is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to * Witnesses,

Accounts and Papers respecting the Expedition to the West Indies, presented.

36 Geo. III. & Mail 679

Witnesses, whether Constable or other Persoti, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° l. An Account of the Number of Men destined for the Expedition to the West Indies, under Sir Charles Grey, at the Close of the Year 1793: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Men withdrawn from the Forces destined for the Expedition to the West Indies under Sir Charles Grey, and placed under the Command of the Earl of Moira: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Men who, after the Conquest of Martinique, Saint Lucie, and Guadabupe, were detached to Saint Domingo by Sir Charles Grey: And also,

N° 4. Returns of the Number of Men detached from Europe, and the Continent of America, to the West Indies, between the 1st of January 1793 and the 1st of April 1796: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Number of British Infantry, serving under the Command of the Earl of

in June 1794, and on the 1st of August 1795: And-also,

N° 6. Copies of His Majesty's Orders in Council appointing a particular Board for the Conduct of the Transport Service; viz.

Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council for establishing a new Board for Transports, and appointing Hugh C Christian, Philip Patton, and Ambrose Serle, Esquires, Commissioners of the said Board; dated 4th July 1794.

Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council transferring the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded to the Commissioners for Transports, also, for appointing Two additional Commissaries, &c. to the said Board for Transports; dated 15th 1795: And also,

N° 7. An Account of all Hospital Stores sent to the West Indies, for His Majesty's Service, in the Years 1794 and 1795, specifying the Ships in which they were sent; and of all Applications from the Hospital at Saint Pierre, in Martinique, on this Subject; viz.

Summary of Hospital Stores shipped in the Years 1794 and 1795, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies.

Hospital Stores shipped for Martinico in 1794 — shipped per the Young William, Concord, Arethusa, Olive Branch, Galatea; Portsmouth,

16th May 1794.

Hospital Tents, Bedding, and Stores, shipped for Jamaica 1794 — shipped per the Minerva Transport, 27th August 1794.

Return of Medicines sent to the West Indies 1794 and 1795.

Hospital Tents, Bedding, and Stores, shipped for Saint Domingo 1794 — shipped per the Minerva Transport, 28th August 1794.

Hospital Tents, Bedding, and Stores, shipped for Barbadoes 1794 — shipped per the Minerva Transport, 29th August 1794.

Hospital Bedding shipped for the Leeward Islands 1795 — shipped per the John, Chatham, Fanny, Scarborough; Portsmouth, 12th July 1795-

Hospital Tents, Bedding, and Stores, shipped for the Leeward Islands 1795 — shipped per the Britannia, General Elliot, Valentine, Ponsborne, Raymond, King George, Granada, Sir Edward Hughes, Contractor;River Thames, September

1795-

Hospital Tents, Bedding, and Stores, shipped - Vol. 51.

for Stint Domingo- 1795 — shipped per the Frances and Eliza, Boddington, Ulysses, Douglas, Trelawney Planters, Portland, Bushy Park, Meanwell, Ranger, and James; River Thames, September 1795.

Hospital Bedding and Stores for Ship Ulysses 1-795, October 1795.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Mallet, Director General of Hospitals, dated Barbadoes, January 21st 1794, to Mr. Keate.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. > Direc-

for of Hospitals, to Mr. Keate, dated Saint Pierre, Martinique, March 15th 1794.

Extract of a Letter from General Sir Charles Grey, K. B. to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Camp before Fort Bourbon, Island of Martinique, March 16th 1794.

Extract of a Letter from Dr. Clifton, Director of Hospitals, dated Martinique, May 12 th 1795-

Extract of a Letter from Dr. Macdonald, Purveyor to the Forces, dated Saint Pierre, Martinique, July 7th 1795, to Mr. Keate.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Jones, Surgeon to the Forces, to Dr. Clifton, dated Martinique, July 10th 1795.

Extract of a Letter from Dr. Macdonald to Dr. Clifton, Director of the Hospitals, dated Saint Pierre, Martinique, July 11th 1795.

Extract of a Letter from Dr. Clifton, dated July 11th 1795, Saint Pierre, Martinique, to Mr. Keate.

Extract of a Letter from Dr. Clifton, Physician to the Forces, dated General Hospital, Saint Pierre, Martinique, January 15th 1795, to Mr. Keate.

Extract of a Letter from Dr. Clifton, Director of Hospitals, dated Martinique, August 6th 1795,to Mr. Keate: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Total Expence incurred in the Transport Service, for the Expedition to the West Indies, in the Years 1794 and 1795, so far as the same can be ascertained; viz.

Navy Office, Alay 1796 — An Account of the Total Expence incurred in the Transport Service, for the Expedition to the West Indies, between the 1st January 1794 and 31st August following.

An Account of the Expence incurred at the Transport Office, for the India Expedi-

tions, between the 1st September 1794 and 31st . December 1795: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a joint Letter from Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis, dated the 13th of April 1794; and a Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey, dated the 6th and 8th of Alay; together with Extracts of Letters from Sir Charles Grey of the 16th and 25th oi March,

12th, 22d, and 29th of April, 6th of May, 11th and 13th of June, and 8th, 17th, and 21st of 1794, to Mr. Secretary Dundas; viz.

Copy of a joint Letter from Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Boyne, off Pointe d Petre, Guadaloupe, 13th April 1794.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Martinico, 6th and 8th of May 1794; marked Secret-inclosing Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Major' General Williamson, dated Martinico, 5th May 1794 — marked'Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Camp before Fort Bourbon, Island of Alartinico, the 16th

1794-

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Camp before Fort

Bourbon,

Accounts and Papers respecting the Expedition to the West Indies, presented.

680 6° Mali. A. 1

Bourbon, Island of Martinico, 16th March 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Fort Royal, Martinico, the 25th March 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Pointe it Petre, Guadaloupe, April the 12th 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Basseterre, Guadaloupe, April 2 2d 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Basseterre, Guadaloupe, 22d April 1794.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Guadaloupe, 29th April 1794; marked Secret — with One Inclosure.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Martinico, th© 6th May 1794.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Guadaloupe, 11th Time. 17 94.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Boyne, off Pointe a Petre, Guadaloupe, June the 13th 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Berville Camp, opposite Pointe d Petre, Guadaloupe, the 8th July 1794-

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Berville opposite Pointe d Petre, Guadaloupe, July the 8th 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Gi'ey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Martinico, July _ the 17th 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Boyne, off Guadaloupe, 21 st July 1794 — marked Secret: And also, N° to Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Major General Williamson, dated Martinique, the 10th of May 1794: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter, dated 28th April 1794; and Extracts from those of the 18th December 1793, the 13th of January, 6th of February, 7th of March, 22d of April, 24th of May, 25th of August, 28th of September, and 21st of November 1794, from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey;

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, K. B. dated 28th April 1794 — marked Secret.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated 18th December 1793 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Whitehall, 13th January 1794; marked Secret — with One Inclosure.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Whitehall, 6th February 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Whitehall, 7th March 1794.

Extracts of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Whitehall, aid April 1794 — marked Secret.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Whitehall, 24th May 1794.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Horse Guards, 25th August 1794.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary

Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Horse Guards, 28th September 1794.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Horse Guards, 21st November 1794: And also,

N° 12. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Williamson, dated Whitehall, 13th December 1793; and Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Major General Williamson, dated Whitehall, 20th March 1794: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from John King, Esquire, Under Secretary of State, to Major General Williamson, dated 3d April 1794: And also,

N° 14. Extract of a Letter from Sir Ralph crornby to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated 27th October 1795: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Jeremiah Fitzpatrick, Knight, M. D. dated 8th September 1794: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated 23d January 1795; and a Copy of their Answer to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated the same Day; viz.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated 23d January 1795.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Transport Office, 23d January 1795; inclosing — Extract from the General Embarkation of the Regiments bound to the West Indies — Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service to Captain Schank, Agent for Transports, dated 3d November 1794. — Copy of a Letter from Captain Schank, Agent for Transports, to the Senior Lieutenant Colonel of the Troops in the Transports under Convoy of The Trusty, dated 6th November 1794 — Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Skipsey, Resident Agent for Transports, to the Commissioners for conducting His Majesty's Transport Service, dated Plymouth, 8th November 1794 — Copy of a Letter from Captain Schank, Agent for Transports, to the Commissioners for the Transport Service, dated Portsmouth, 13th November 1794 — List of Articles supplied to the Transports at Plymouth, not usually supplied to Troops embarked, together with their Distribution — Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Hay, &c. of the 31st Regiment, to Lieutenant Skipsey, Agent for Transports at Plymouth, dated 10th January 1795 — Copy of a Letter from Mr. Worship, Surgeon of the 31st Regiment, to Colonel Hay, dated 1 oth January 1795 — -Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service to Lieutenant Skipsey, Agent for Transports at Plymouth, dated the 15th January 1795: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated 6th February 1795: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated Horse Guards, 28th February 1795; and Copy of a Letter from the Army Medical Board to the Secretary at War, dated 26th November 1794: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, 3d September 1795; and Copy of a Letter from the Army Medical Board to the Secretary at War, dated 22d February 1795: And also,

N* 20. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas

to

Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, passed.

36 Geo. III. 6® Mail. 681

to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated 24th September 1795; and Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated 24th September 1795: And also,

N® 21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Commissioners for executing the Transport Service, dated loth October 1795: And also,

N* 22. Proposal fora Board of Military and Medical Officers, to frame Regulations for the better Preservation of the Health of Troops at Sea, and on Service in hot Climates, War Office, 10th September 1795: And also,

N* 23. Report of the Board appointed by Sir Ralph Abercromby to consider of Regulations for the better Preservation of the Health of the Troops on the Voyage to the West Indies, and on Service there: And also,

N° 24. Regulations to be observed by Troops embarked in Transports for Service Abroad, particularly by those destined for the West , dated the 10th of October 1795, and signed by the Secretary at War — and Regulations for the Use of His Majesty's Troops upon their Arrival in the Indies: And

also,

N® 25. Extract from the Report made by Dr. namara Hayes, dated the 1 oth November 1795, on the Medical Equipment of the Forces under the Command of Lieutenant General Sir Ralph Abercromby, K. B. destined for the Leeward Islands And also,

N® 26. Extract of a Letter from Major General Whyte to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Cork, 11th December 1795; and Extract of a Letter from Major General Whyte to William Huskisson, Esquire, Under Secretary of State, dated Cork, 1st February 1796; and Extract of a Letter from Major General Whyte to William Huskisson, Esquire, Under Secretary of State, dated Cork, 4th February 1796: And also,

Copy of a letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Jeremiah Fitzpatrick, dated Horse Guards, 8th 1795: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Barbadoes, January 20th 1794.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Frauds by mixing Water, Sand, or Earth, with Hay or Straw, in order to increase the Weight.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 61.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw7, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of SuPPty-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Wa>'3 and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising Means‘ the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That-they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

8 L Mr.

682

6" Mail A. 1796.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wines and Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Sweets addi- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

llill reported grant'nS to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

London Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Docks,&c. Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, 3ill. deferred. au(] other Works, for the greater Accommodation

and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwallto the said Docks in be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to >n high Price resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to !f fCorr'' consider further of the present high Price of Corn; e arre . Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House >n Longitude to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 5lll‘ upon the Bill for continuing the Encouragement and

Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Philip Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Philip Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow' Morning.

tesolutions Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the jrpermitting Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

|?p°rta' ferred to consider of allowing the free Importation of ion ot Arrow . rrr

toot, and Arrow Root from the British Colonies in the West

.inseed Indies; and who were instructed to consider of peruke, re- mitting the free Importation of Linseed Cake from any

orte ‘ Foreign Country whatever, the Resolutions which the

Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to permit the Importation of

Arrow Root from the British Colonies in America in BrifwA-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, free of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to allow the Importation of Linseed Cake, free of Duty, from any Foreign Country whatever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Foreign Me-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lasses Im-allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country !rtallon H in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels 1 ?rep° belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Black Lead Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duty Bill, reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported reP°rted-into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Corn and Flour, imported into this £orn :in,i Kingdom, in the Month of April last, entitled to receive a Bounty on Importation, specifying the Ports in which April, or the Entries have been made, and the Names of the dered. Importers who claim the Bounties.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Mahogany Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Duty Bill, for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by rePorted-Weight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Certain Acts, last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for and a Resogranting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money *ution re"

O O O w / tno/'r T n or thp

" out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Application " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- of Public " five; and for further appropriating the Supplies Money, read. " granted in this Session of Parliament," might be read.

And

Motion relative to the Expenditure of Public Money, superseded.

Committee on Report of Mr. Stain-forth's Petition, deferred.

Lottery Bill, committed.

Committee on Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties on Post Horses.

36 Geo. III. 6° Mail.

683

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment " of the Army; and to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster " General of His Majesty's Forces," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the First of the Resolutions, which, upon the 12 th Day of January 1784, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the State of the Nation, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That, for any Person or Persons in His Majesty's Treasury, or in the Exchequer, or in the.

" Bank of England, or for any Person or Persons " whatsoever employed in the Payment of Public " Money, to pay, or direct or cause to be paid, any

Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the Support " of Services voted in the present Session of Parliament, after the Parliament shall have been prorogued or dissolved, if it shall be prorogued or " dissolved before any Act of Parliament shall have " passed appropriating the Supplies to such Services, will " be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, a daring Breach " of a Public Trust, derogatory to the fundamental " Privileges of Parliament, and subversive of the " Constitution of this Country."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That at all Times, and under all Circumstances, it is the indispensable Duty of the House of Commons vigilantly to superintend the Expenditure of the Public Money, and strictly to enforce the Application of the Grants made by Parliament to the Service for which they have been voted;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the YcasiJJj' } 209.

Tellers for the Noes, {m"L} 38'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Stainforth, Esquire, Messenger attending the Great Seal, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-

Vol. 51.

seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer,

" or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time " being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by. an Act,

" made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for Travelling " Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same;"

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed* him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Du^ on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail; Glove Li-

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. cence*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Emitted. Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Bill for per-Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, mi<-tingLimer without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass, was *ed Coast-read a Second Time. wise, oom-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. mitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Billtoexempt a Bill to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for Dairies, &c. making, keeping, and drying, Cheese and Butter, from Dutiw ^ra^ the Duties on Windows and Lights: And the same was seated.' received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills Annuities Bill, presented.

Biscoe's Divorce Bill, passed.

Returns of Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, presented.

Bill to enable the E. I.Company to widen Part of Lime Street, reported, and re-committed.

i Bill for enabling the £.1. Company to build Warehouses, &c.

; reported, and I re-committed.

n

684 6° — 7

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 7* die Mail;

Anno 36 Georgii III*U Regis, 1796. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe, Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third J ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 15th Day of June 1795.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

Maii. A. 1796.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Philip Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-six Thousand and Fifty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Nine hundred Thirty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1796.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum Three Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, out of of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the

Longitude Bill, reported.

Report

Supply.

Chelsea Pensioners.

Widows

Pensions.

Report Ways and Means.

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

c Ma*

lib UEO. 111.

the Exchequer, the Earl of Morning I on, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Air. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes from any Foreign Country, in any Ships BnVwA-built, without Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, VwtHorses, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His reported. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury " for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted " by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His f‘ present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as

" should be willing to contract for the same," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, . with the

Arrow Root and Linseed Cakes Importation Bill, presented.

Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties <in

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Bill for re-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pealing Du-repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves j^e"nc^love and Mittens by Retail, was committed, the Amend- reported.' ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Estimate Majesty's Command, of Foreign

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps raised, and pre* to be raised, for the Service of Great Britain, for the e Year 1796.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps raised, and to be raised, for the' Service of Great,

for the Year 1796.

Numbers. Charge.

Charge of Four Regiments of Cavalry, from 25th December 1795 to 24th £. s. d.

December 1796, both inclusive, being 366 Days. - 3,851 113,556 1 3

Ditto of Nine Regiments and Four Corps of Infantry, for the same Period 11,234 247,344 18 9

Ditto of a Legion, for Service in St. Domingo, for the same Period - 1,840 45,870 2 8

Ditto of Three Regiments of Infantry, from 25th June 1796 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days ----- - 3,363 31,264 — 6

Total - - - 20,288 £ 438,035 3 2

War Office,

7th May 1796.

Windham.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill toenforce Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

the due Exe- a gjn to enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed in for raising Ct l^e 'ast Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Men for the " raising a certain Number of Men in the several Navy, pre- " Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's »ented. " NavyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into mi Lottery a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

VtfL. 51.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill more effectually to prevent the Bill respect-landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without ing theland-the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize insGoo<ls, Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the &c'passed" Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the

8 M Admiralty,

Committee on National Debt Bill.

Committee on Bill for permitting Lime, &c. to be carried Coastwise*

Bill to exempt Dairies, &c. from "Window Duties, committed.

Navy, Vic-, tualling, and j Transport ' Bills Annuities Bill,

committed.

686 7° —

Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor arid Company of the Bank of , to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying. Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning riext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock*

Mali. A. 1796.

' Luna, 9° die Maii;

Anno 36° Georgii III"* Regis, 1796.

Praters.

MR. Henry Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Otto Bichner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Henry Bollmann, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whitby Piera and Harbour Bill, reported.

Bichner'* Nat. Bill,-reported, an A passed.

Bollmann'* Nat. Bill, imported, and passed.

Bill for enabling the E. I. Company to~ purchase Ground for building Warehouses, &c. reported.

toll to enable the E. I. Company to widen Pari of Lime Street, reported.

Bedford and Amptliill,&Cfc Roads Bill,

Leston and

Radford Inclosure Bill, reported.

36 Geo. III. 9" Mail

687

Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Art ingrossed Bill, to Continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act* passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West " End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of " hill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn " Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road " branching out of the same in Kempston Field to the " Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedfordexcept so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont Town, to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Huisboum Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West " End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of hill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn

" Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road " branching out of the same in Kempston Field to the " Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford," except so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of -mont Town to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husbom Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Part of the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Lord John Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same . Vox.. 51.

to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 8 Common Rights, who refused to sign, but do not oppose the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 112, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made sevpral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend -ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause wras offered to be added to the Bill, directing that a Race Ground shall be left open at a particular Season, and the Land be preserved by Gaps and Gates.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

10.

(Mr. Pierrepont, j

Mr. Daniel Parker >

Coke: J

Tellers for the Noes, {£ } 43.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Mr. Gregory shall make Compensation to such of the Subscribers to the Stand as shall chuse to take back their Subscriptions, by the Commissioners selling Part of the Common for that Purpose.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rMr. Daniel Parker "J Coke,

Mr. Robert Smith:

'Mr. Wigley,

Mr. Powys:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

*9-

34-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 10.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sharrington Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole InclosureBil Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sharrington, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Luddington Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all the and Gar-Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An CaistorincL Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open 8ure Bill-and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caisior, in the County of Lincoln;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Gringley Act ‘ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open "P°n the Hi Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, DC0SuieRl1 within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment:

And also.

' The

artvick in I met Indore Bill.

ortbam ~idge, &c. 11.

irldlesex stices Bill.

II for re-cing into le Act, the >nclon Mi-/a Acts.

iutral Ships Jemnity

LL

lesmere nal Devia-n Bill itween labon and lester.)

►ckerton, rklington, . Hoads 11. ‘

tisolidated nd Bill, ssentetL

688

9° Mail ' A. 1796.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings/Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barwickin Elmet, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southamptonand for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the " Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex " and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for " the more effectual Prevention of Felonies j" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in' Council, issued since the Twenty-second Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the . Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at " Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River " Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of " Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, and

" Winkbourne, in the County of ," and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of One of the said Roads, in the Village ef Kirklington, to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, all in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

02

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of Petition from the Town and Neighbourhood of Lewes, in the lewes County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and empting Cot-read; Setting forth. That, the Petitioners, highly ap- tagers Doga proving the Principle of the Bill for laying a Tax on from Taxa-Dogs, have learned with Concern that a Clause is about tion* to be introduced for the Purpose of exempting the Dogs of Cottagers from Taxation; and that the Petitioners believe it will be beneficial to the Public to lessen the Number of Dogs now kept, and that, in general, it is not conducive to the Benefit of a poor Man to keep a Dog: And therefore praying, That the Bill may pass intq a Law, without any Clause of Exemption in Favour of Cottagers, but, if the House shall think it right to allow some such Exemption, the Petitioners further pray that it may be confined to the Dogs now existing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commit!* of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply, to consider further - of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. Account-,&«.

And the said Order being read accordingly; referred.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Navy, Navy, A-c. Victualling, and Transport Bills, held by the Bank of England, and which will fall due on or before the 30th 1 e an ' of November 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Foreign Corps raised, and to be raised, for the Service CorPs-of Great Britain, for the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, Barracks, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, respecting Barracks, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of General Franks (supposing Amount of the same to have been charged with the Duty of Post- or_

age) from the 6th of April 1793 to the 5th of April dered. '

1795, and from the 11th of May 1795 (when the late Regulation in Franking took place) to the 5th of April

1796.

The House being informed that Mr Briggs, Account of

Frank Inspector and Accomptant General to the Post of

Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, pre_

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their wjnud.' Order,

ti

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of General Franks (supposing the same to have been charged " with the Duty of Postage) from 6th 1793 to " 5th April 1795, and from the 11th 1795 (when " the late Regulation in Franking took place) to the M 5th April 1796."

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordeird,

Report on Billfor granting a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, further considered.

36 Geo. III. 9" Mail. 689

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, in certain Cases, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the .} 8,.

f Mr. , 1

Tellers for the Noes, -! Lord George Augustus 52.

[ Henry Cavendish: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Persons from making false Declarations.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had, directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Vol 51.

Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Stock Purse of Militia Regiments, and for keeping an Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the same: And that General Smith, Mr. Sheridan, and Mr. Bastard, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Town of pool, concerned in the African Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, after the Rejection of the Bill brought into the House for the direct Abolition of the African Slave Trade, the Petitioners were in Hopes that they should have been permitted, with Security,-to continue the same, under the Restrictions and Regulations which Parliament had found, by a Trial of several Years, to answer every Purpose of Humanity and of Safety to the Objects of it; but, they are very much concerned and mortified to find that certain Clauses, proposed to be introduced into the Slave Carrying Bill, now pending in the House, will go to the same Effect as if the above Bill had passed into a Law, and at the same Time be attended with Circumstances of great Hardship to many Individuals concerned in it; and the Petitioners in the First Place, beg Leave to state, that the proposed further Extension of Tonnage per Slave will, in Effect, amount to a complete Prohibition of the Trade, because they cannot expect any Increase in the Price of Slaves sufficient to indemnify them for the same, and with regard to the Restriction of shipping to those actually employed in it, and no others, the Consequence will be, that some will have the Benefit of a larger Possession of the Trade than others, that it will be a Monopoly increasing in its Operation in Proportion to the Decrease of the Shipping, and it may happen that some of the greatest and most extensive Adventurers in the Trade may be cut off from their Share of this Monopoly, through the Capture or Loss of their existing Ships, and before they are replaced by others, at the Time of passing the said Bill: And therefore praying, That the new Clauses in the Slave Carrying Bill, now pending before the House, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, empowering the Bishop or Ordinary to revoke the Grant made to the Curate of the House, Garden, and Stable.

And tfae said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

8 N Resolved,

Bill to regulate the Stock Purse of Militia Regiments, ordered.

Petition fromf Liverpool against the Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

Bill for further Support of Curates, passed.

690

9* Mail A. 1796.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That " the Bishop or Ordinary shall have Power at 1* any Time, under his Hand and Seal, to " revoke the Grant to the said Curate of the " said House, Garden, and Stable, or any of " them, and also to insert in such Grant such " Terms and Conditions to be observed on the " Part of the Curate as he shall think reasonable; and also that the Curate shall peaceably deliver up the Possession of the Premises granted to him at the Expiration, or " other sooner Determination of the Grant thereof; and in case he shal] refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and lose, to the Rector or Vicar, all such Parts of his Stipend as shall " then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become " due, and also the Sum of Fifty Pounds to " such Rector or Vicar, and which shall be " recoverable in an Action of Debt."

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. l. 1. 12. To leave out " Benefice" and insert " Benefices" instead thereof.

After " Benefices " to insert with " respect to the Avoidance of " other Benefices."

To leave out " and" and insert " so as " instead thereof, leave out " same" and insert Benefices they enjoyed before " the Acceptance of the same" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

After " Curates," in the Amendment made thereto by the Committee, to add, " and the Admission of " Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's " Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other " Benefices."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to

tt

Pr. 3. 1. 11.

1. 10.

Pr. 4. 1. 3. To

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same; with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry to, certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered, according to the existing Laws in that Behalf, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for imposing certain Duties on Dogs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of " Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this " Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein, and to " explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Beaumont took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Beaumont reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment

e of

BiQ respecting the registering of certain Ships, committed.

Dog Tax Bill, deferred.

Wines and Sweets additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Hat Duty Bill, deferred.

Committee on Bill to amend Act to provide for the Families of Militia Men.

Committee on Quakers Relief Bill.

Committee on Bill respecting Aliena,

Arrow Root and Linseed Cakes Importation Bill, committed.

Bill to enforce the due Execution of Act for raising Men for the Navy, committed.

Lottery Bill, reported.

.36 Geo. III. . 9° Mali. .691

of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cases," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes from any Foreign Country, in any Ships JBri/wA-built, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the " several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amende ments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 51.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the National Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Debt Bilb granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred rePorle<1, Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for per-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for mittingLime, permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, ^t£^ar‘ Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking "ise out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass, was committed, ported, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, [for the House Navy, Vic-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tualling, and upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy cer- T^s£°rt . tain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, be now tiL BilC"1"' read. deferred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed. Bill for charging the Duty on Ma- Mahogany hogany imported, by Weight, was read the Third Duty Bill, Time. P"*1-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by Weight

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Encouragement Longitude and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries P338*1' for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, apd for making Experiments relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An

Black Lead Duty Bill, passed.

Bill for repealing Duties on Glove Licences, passed.

Foreign Me-lasses Importation Bill, passed.

Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties on Post Horses, passed.

Second Expiring Laws Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Act respecting Sugar, committed.

692

9° — 10" Man.

A. 1796.

An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed " Bill for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or " Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, " to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and " by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to " contract for the same," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enable, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm " the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on " Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, " to such Persons as should be willing to contract for M the same."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Cordage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fesolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, " made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar,

" and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and " Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in " Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on " Refined Sugars, exported in any other than British " Ships," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the Report which was made from the fort'h>g petj_ Committee, to whom the Petition of tion, deferred.

Esquire, Messenger, attending the Great Seal, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "ore expedi-upon the Bill for the more expeditious and regular anceofWriu Conveyance of Writs issued for the Election of Members deferred, to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Maii;

Anno 36° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

MR. Robert Stewart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming several Purchases, Conveyances, and Settlements, made of the Estates of the Most Honourable Francis Marquis of Hertford, and Isabella Ann Marchioness of Hertford, his Wife, Ix>rd William Gordon and Frances his Wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his Wife, Henry Hervey Aston and Harriot his Wife, and Sir John Ramsden and Dame Louisa Susanna his Wife, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Stewart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Duka of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Newcastle's An Act to empower the Guardians of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to charge his set- ' tied Estates with certain Sums of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, and to grant Building and other Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain Parts of the said Estates, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true;

Bill relating to the Marquis of Hertford's, Lord William Gordon's, &c. Estates, reported, and passed.

36 Geo. III.

10° M

693

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

little Caster- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to ton Inclosure whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Bill, reported. Qpen anci Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 17 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 720 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Guiseley In- Mr. Henry Duncombe reported from the Committee,

closure Bill, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common reported, and cajie(j Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, re-comnut e . Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the

West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Whitby Piers An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the Duty and Harbour of One Farthing ^er'Chalder on Coals, granted by an Bill, passed. passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Kin" George the

o o 00

Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act, You51.

passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and:

Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Falck's Nat. the Bill for naturalizing John Christopher was Bill, reported*

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table*

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Mr. Sabatier'S to whom the Bill for vesting in William Sabatier, Gen- Bill, reported, tleman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method of retaining Cotton throughout the British Settlements in the East Indies, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Amyattreported from the Committee, to whom Paper Mann-

the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Work- fecturers Bill, men employed in the Paper Manufactory, and for the rel, orted-better Regulation of their Wages, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Finch Hollingworth, of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners of Paper Mills and Works, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with ,the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed on Christie s Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the rvorce 1 Marriage of James Christie, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

8 0 A Message

The Lords have passed

Foley's Estate Bill.

Bill read.

Committee cm re-com-Twitted Bill k>r allowing Costs in Cases of Misdemeanors, &c.

Consolidated Fund Bill, committed.

C onwiiittee on Navy, Victualling, *ndTrunsport Bills Annuities Bill.

€94 10° Mail A. 1796.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Honourable Andrew , the surviving Trustee of Two Terms, of Ninety-nine Years, and One hundred and One Years, created by the Will of Thomas Lord Foley, his late Father, deceased, to grant Leases of some Parts of the Estates comprized in those Terms, and also to renew Leases and Copyhold Grants made to, or in Trust for, the said Lord Foley,

deceased, or One of those under whom he derived a Title; also to make Exchanges of some Parts of the Premises comprized in the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached Parts of the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the said Term of One hundred and One Years, and to lay out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated , for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Second upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein men- j^g^ tioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w-hlch they had directed him to report, when the House w'ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third National Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to DeL,t His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand passe Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to 11 is Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on 11 i*1 to upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Ses- ^p^cting* sion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Sugar.

" Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulatino the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment

O /

" of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and " for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee " into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign " Shipsand for reducing the Bounty on Refined " Sugars exported in any other than British Ships," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

36 Geo. III. 10° Mall.

towards discharging the Navy Debt

Defraying extraordinary expences of the Army.

Foreign

Troops.

Completing

Barracks.

Veterinary

College.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of1 this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Thousand Pounds, he granted to His Majesty, towards discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying any extraordinary Expences of the Army, for the Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty-eight thousand and Thirty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps raised, and to be raised, for the Service of Great , for the

Year 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ninety thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of completing the building of Barracks in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bill to amend Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report

Act to pro- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Famiiiraof ^'e Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Militia Men Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in-teported. ' tituled, " An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this " Kingdom,' and of Substitutes serving the rein, and " to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed " in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England," was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee cm Arrow Loot and Linseed Cakes Im-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed

portation Bill. Cakes from any Foreign Country, in any Ships British-built, without Payment of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Instruction Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-respecting mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the Rape Cake. gaj(j pjp for exempting Rape Cake from Duty on Importation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they Vo l. 51.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wrill please to receive the Same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Wines anil Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Sweets addi- Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and Bri- forre<JL

tish Sweets, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committed to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on re* upon the Bill for authorizing His Majesty to order the re^tenn^of registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry certain Ships, to, certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen w hether they are entitled to be registered, according to the existing Laws in that Behalf, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill respect-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fur- lr"s0^1ejn9' ther to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third repor e Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

"An Act for establishing Regulations respecting " Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein,

" in certain Cases," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Lottery Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to passed.

His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bil*for upon the Bill for making Allowances in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, Militia Offi-be now read. cers.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

Bill for per-mittingLime, &c. to be carried Coast-passed*

Bill for Sale of Corn by \Veight, put off for T hree Months.

DogTaxBlH,

deferred.

Quakers Relief Bill, deferred.

Motion for Address, respecting the War; Neg.

696 10° M A. 1796.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 25. After " Marie" to insert " Sand."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Sale of Corn by Weight, and for preventing Frauds in the Sale of Corn by Allowance or Addition, or by Adulteration, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for imposing certain Duties on Dogs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the BiH for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to offer to His Royal Consideration that Judgment which His faithful Commons have formed, and now deem it their Duty to declare, concerning the Conduct of His Ministers in the Commencement, and during the Progress, of the present unfortunate War. As long as it was possible for us to doubt from what Source the National Distresses had arisen, we have, in Times of Difficulty and Peril, thought ourselves bound to strengthen His Majesty's Government, for the Protection of His Subjects, by our Confidence and Support: But our Duties, as His Majesty's Councillors, and as the Representatives of His People, will no longer permit us to dissemble our deliberate and determined Opinion, that the Distress, Difficulty, and Peril, to which this Country is now subjected, have arisen from the Misconduct of the King's Ministers; and are likely to subsist, and to increase, as long as the same Principles, which have hitherto guided these Ministers, shall continue to prevail in the Councils df Great Britain:

It is painful to us to remind His Majesty of the Situation of His Dominions at the Beginning of this War, and of the high Degree of Prosperity to winch the Skill and Industry of His Subjects had, under the Safeguard of a free Constitution, raised the British Empire, since it can only fill His Mind with the melancholy Recollection of Prosperity abused, and of Opportunities of securing permanent Advantages wantonly rejected. Nor shall we presume to wound His Majesty's Benevolence by dwelling on the fortunate Consequences which might have arisen from the Mediation of Great Britain between the Powers then at War, which might have ensured the Permanence of our ' Prosperity, while it preserved all Europe from the Calamities which it has since endured, a Mediation which this Kingdom was so well fitted to carry on with Vigour and Dignity by its Power, its Character, and the Nature of its Government, happily removed at an equal Distance from the contending Extremes of Licentiousness and Tyranny:

From this neutral and impartial System of Policy, His Majesty's Ministers were induced to depart, by certain Measures of the French Government, of which they complained as injurious and hostile to this Country. With what Justice these Complaints were made, we are not now called upon to determine, since it cannot be pretended that the Measures of France were of such a Nature as to preclude the Possibility of Adjustment by Negociation; and it is impossible to deny that the Power which shuts up the Channel of Accommodation must ever be the real Aggressor in War. To reject Negociation is to determine on Hostilities, and, whatever may have been the Nature of the Points in Question between us and France, we cannot but pronounce the Refusal of such an authorized Communication with that Country, as might have amicably terminated the Dispute, to be the true and immediate Cause of the Rupture which followed. Nor can we forbear to remark, that the Pretences,-under which His Majesty's Ministers then haughtily refused such authorized Communication, have been sufficiently exposed, by their own Conduct, in since submitting to a similar Intercourse with the same Government:

The misguided Policy, which thus rendered the War inevitable, appears to have actuated the Ministers in their Determination to continue it at all Hazards. At the same Time, we cannot but observe, that the Obstinacy with which they have adhered to their desperate System is not more remarkable than their Versatility in the Pretexts upon which they have justified it. -At one Period the Strength, at another the Weakness, of the Enemy, have been urged as Motives for continuing the War: The Successes as well as the Defeats of the Allies have contributed only to prolong the Contest; and Hope and Despair have equally served to involve us still deeper in the Horrors of War, and to entail upon us an endless Train of Calamities:

After the original professed Objects had been obtained, by the Expulsion of the Armies from the Territories of Holland and the Austrian Netherlands, we find His Majesty's Ministers, influenced either by Arrogance or by infatuated Ambition and vain Hope of Conquests, which, if realized, could never compensate to the Nation for the Blood and Treasure by which they must be obtained; rejecting, unheard, the Overtures made by the Executive Council of France, at a Period when the Circumstances were so eminently favourable to His Majesty and His Allies, that there is every Reason to suppose that a Negociation, commenced at such a Juncture, must have terminated in

02 an

36 Geo. III. W Mail697

an honourable and advantageous Peace. To the Prospects arising from such an Opportunity they preferred a blind and obstinate Perseverance in a War, which could scarce have any remaining Object but the unjustifiable Purpose of imposing upon France a Government disapproved of by the Inhabitants of that Country. And such was the Infatuation of these Ministers, that, far from being able to frame a wise and comprehensive System of Policy, they even rejected the few Advantages that belonged to their own uu-fortunate Scheme: The general Existence of a Design to interpose in the internal Government of France was too manifest not to rouse into active Hostility the National Zeal of that People; but their particular Projects were too equivocal to attract the Confidence, or procure the Co-operation, of those Frenchmen who were disaffected to the then Government of their Country. The Nature of these Plans was too clear not to provoke formidable Enemies, but their Extent was too ambiguous to conciliate useful Friends:

We beg leave further to represent to Your Majesty, that, at subsequent Periods, Your Ministers have suffered the most favourable Opportunities to escape of obtaining an honourable and advantageous Pacification: They did not avail themselves, as it was their Duty to have done, of the unbroken Strength of the great Confederacy which had been formed against France for the Purpose of giving Effect to Overtures for Negociation: They saw the Secession of several powerful States from that Confederacy; they suffered it to dissolve without an Effort for the Attainment of a general Pacification: They loaded their Country with the Odium of having engaged in a Combination charged with the most questionable Views, without availing themselves of that Combination for procuring favourable Conditions of Peace. That, from this fatal Neglect, the Progress of Hostilities has only served to establish the Evils which might certainly have been avoided by Negociation, but which are now confirmed by the Events of the War. We have felt that the unjustifiable and impracticable Attempts to establish Royalty in France, by Force, has only proved fatal to its unfortunate Supporters. We have seen with Regret, the Subjugation of Holland and the Aggrandizement of the French Republic, and we have to lament the Alteration in the State of , not only from the

Successes of the French, but from the formidable Acquisitions of some of the Allied Powers on the Side of Poland, Acquisitions alarming from their Magnitude,

but still more so from the Manner in which they have been made, so fatally has this War operated to destroy, in every Part of Europe, that Balance of Power for the Support of which it was undertaken, and to extend those Evils which it was its professed Object to avert:

Most cordially, therefore, did we assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons heard, with the sincerest Satisfaction, His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 8th of December, wherein His Majesty acquaints them that the Crisis, which was depending at the Commencement of the present Session, had led to such an Order of Things as would induce His Majesty to meet any Disposition to Negociation on the Part of the Enemy, with an earnest Desire to give it the fullest and speediest Effect, and to conclude a general Treaty of Peace whenever it could be effected on just and suitable Terms for Himself and His Allies. That, from this gracious Communication, they were led to hope for a speedy Determination to this most disastrous Contest; but that, with Surprise and Sorrow, they have now Reason to apprehend that Three Months were suffered to elapse before any Steps were taken towards a Negociation, or any Overtures made by His Majesty's Servants:

With equal Surprise and Concern they have observed, when a fair and open Conduct was so peculiarly

Vol. 51.

incumbent on His Majesty's Ministers, considering Motion for the Prejudices and Suspicions which their previous Address, Conduct must have excited in the Minds of the French, that, instead of acting in that open and manly Manner Neg. which became the Wisdom, the Character, and Dignity of the British Nation, they adopted a Mode of Proceeding calculated rather to excite Suspicion than to inspire Confidence in the Enemy. Every Expression which might be construed into an Acknowledgment of the French Republic, or even an Allusion to its Forms, was studiously avoided; and the Minister, through whom this Overture was made, was in a most unprecedented Manner instructed to declare, that he had no Authority to enter into any Negociation or Discussion relative to the Objects of the proposed Treaty:

That it is with Pain we reflect, that the Alacrity of His Majesty's Ministers in apparently breaking off this Negociation, as well as the strange and unusual Manner in which it was announced to the Ministers of the various Powers of Europe, affords a very unfavourable

Comment on their Reluctance in entering upon it, and is calculated to make the most injurious Impression, respecting their Sincerity, on the People of France:

On a Review of so many Instances of gross and flagrant Misconduct, proceeding from the same pernicious Principles, and directed with incorrigible Obstinacy to the same mischievous Ends, we deem ourselves bound, in Duty to His Majesty, and to our Constituents, to declare, that we see no rational Hope of redeeming the Affairs of the Kingdom, but by the Adoption of a System radically and fundamentally different from that which has produced our present Calamities:

Until His Majesty's Ministers shall, from a real Conviction of past Errors, appear inclined to regulate their Conduct upon such a System, we can neither give any Credit to the Sincerity of their Professions of a Wish- for Peace, nor repose any Confidence ift their Capacity for conducting a Negociation to a prosperous Issue. Odious as they are to an Enemy, who must still believe them secretly to cherish those unprincipled and chimerical Projects, which they have been compelled in Public to disavow, contemptible in the Eyes of all Europe, from the Display of Insincerity and Incapacity which has marked their Conduct, our only Hopes rest on His Majesty's Royal Wisdom and unquestioned Affection for His People, that He will be graciously pleased to adopt Maxims of Policy more suited to the Circumstances of the Times than those by which His Ministers appear to have been governed, and to direct His Servants to take Measures, which, by differing essentially, as well in their Tendency as in the Principle upon which they are founded, from those which have hitherto marked their Conduct, may give this Country some reasonable Hope, at no very distant Period, of the Establishment of a Peace, suitable to the Interests of Great Britain, and likely to preserve the Tranquillity of Europe;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for«heY^{^"-unior: } 4,

Teller, for the No^Jfc ££* }

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for relief to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House of Stock hold-upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, er», deferred. An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, be now read.

8 P And

69 8

10° — 11°

A. 1796.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Jill to exempt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House rOTn*Window to reso^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, )uties, de- upon the Bill to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used erred. solely for making, keeping, and drying Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

3ill to enforce he due Exe-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ution of Act *° reso^ve itsetf into a Committee of the whole House, "or raising upon ti'e Bill to enforce the due Execution of an Act, Men for the passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Mavy.de- " An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the erred. severai Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die;

Anno 36* Georgii III*" Regis, 1796.

PRAYER8.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Christie's _

Divorce Bill, il. Act to dissolve the Marriage of James passed. Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Falck'a Nat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Christopher Bill, passed. Falck, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Falck.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Paper Maim- An ingrossed Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations facturers Bill, of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory, and passe . for the better Regulation of their Wages, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory.

Ordered, That Mr. Amy at t do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Guiseley Inclosure, recommitted Bill, reported

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was re-committed.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com- Billingsgate mittee, to whom the Bill to authorize the Sale of Fish Blll» at Billingsgate, by Retail, was committed; That the reporte ' Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham, was prc- Nottingham sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Road and Bill for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, Trent Bridge* the Road from the North End of the Bridge, com- Bl"‘ monly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South End of the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such

and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water; and Setting forth, That the Entrance into the said Town from the Lecn Bridge, as far as Saint Mary's Church, by Way of Hollow Stone, is very steep, narrow, inconv -nient, and dangerous, and it would be a very great Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons having Occasion to pass to and from the same, if the said Entrance thereto was altered, amended, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Entrance into the said Town, as far as Saint Mary's Church, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Orchard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Inhabitants of the County of Nottingham, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Road from the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, to Fishergate, within the said'

Town of Nottingham, and also the Bridge over the River Leen, called The Leen Bridge, have hitherto been repaired and maintained by the County of Nottingham, but it would be very beneficial to the said County, and for the Accommodation of the Public in; general, if the same, in future, should be maintained and repaired in common with the rest of the Road from the Nottingham Trent Bridge to the Town of Nottingham, by the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, by and out of the Funds to be thereby provided: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said

36 Geo. III. 11° Maxi.

said Bill for maintaining and repairing the said Road and Bridge, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Consoli- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dated Fund Upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money, arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Navy, Vic- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the tuailing, and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for BUhTArmui- granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, ties Bill, and Transport Bills, was committed, the Amendments reported. which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Second Ex- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the BdTreported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ' continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to

the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British'made Cordage, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Placd; artd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One'; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 51.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to amend Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^ctsruespect" amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, reported^' intituled, "An Act, to amend an Act, made in the " Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the " Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Shipsand " for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported " in any other than British Ships," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill respect-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for in& tl?e reauthorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and cirta^nShips the granting Certificates of Registry to, certain Ships reported. and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing Laws in that Behalf, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; , and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for mak-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern utia Officers, Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was com- reported, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the on l>ric present high Price of Com. of Corn‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke tookt he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and The Lords

Mr. Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, - to

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made, Amendment by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the s„p_ further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the port of CuV Church of England: And also, rates.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ah Mackarel Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Fishery Bill.

Session

Pawnbrokers

Bill.

Bill to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw.

Bill respecting the Land Tax Assessment for the Salt Office.

The Lords

have passed

Sir J. Johnstone s Estate Bill.

Bill read.

Arrow Root and Linseed Cakeslmpor-tation Bill, reported.

Bill respecting Aliens, passed.

Account and Orders respecting the East India Company, presented.

TOO 11° Man. IT

Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen , and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Plantations and Estates in the Island of Grenada, late of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, in Trustees, to raise Money by Mortgage for repairing the Damage done thereto in the late Insurrections; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the jBritish Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes from any Foreign Country, in any Ships Jfri/isA-built, without Payment of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordei'ed, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this " Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respect- ing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, " in certain Cases."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* i. An Account of all Sums of Money that have been paid, by the East India Company, to the Proprietors of East India Stock, as Increase of Dividend beyond Ten per Cent, since the Act of Parliament which, in certain Cases, and under certain Restrictions, compels them to pay 500,0001. Annually to the State; And also,

N° 2. A Copy of the Orders, sent by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to their several Presidencies in India, when they transmitted the late Regulations relative to their Military Officers; together with the Date of those Orders.

Together with a List of the said Account and Paper.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Time for Payment of the Duties on Wine imported, before the 1st Day of August.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, and on Foreign Wines sold by Auction.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for imposing certain Duties on Dogs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to limit the Exemption from the Tax to be imposed on Dogs, to such Dogs only, as are now kept by Persons inhabiting non-assessed Houses;

The House was moved, That the First of the Resolutions, which, upon the 28th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Wines and Sweets additional Duties Bill, passed.

Committee on Dog TaK. Bill.

Motion for an

Instruction,

withdrawn.

36 Geo. III. IT — 1

701

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House f" Mvto jD* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Execution of* upon the Bill to enforce the due Execution of an Act, Act for rais- passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An ingMenfor " Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the se-

the Navy. " veral Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Hat Duty Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill, deterred. Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-morrow- Morning.

Committee on Bill to exempt Dairies, &c. from Window Duties.

Committee on Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Guisely Inclosure Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying. Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Mali;

Anno 36*. Georgii III. U Regis, 1796. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 51.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the W est Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Little Cester-the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, ton Inclosure Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the P88^-Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate Billingsgate, by Retail, was read the Third Time. Fish Bill>

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title passed> be, An Act to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the United Company Bill for ena-of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to bling theE.l. purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and ComPanyt

l O__ & 9 niirph'icfi

to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Ground for Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane, was building read the Third Time. Warehouses,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title &c- Pused-be, An Act for enabling the United' Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to While Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the United Company of Bill to enable Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to E I-purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the wy^Part of East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Lime Street, Street, was read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Additional whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Petitions to Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Town of Not ting- Trent Bridges ham; and also, the Petition of the Persons, whose Bill, reported. Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the County of Nottingham, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read,

And is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, George Coldham, Esquire, being examined, said,

8 Q That

SI. LI

Report from Committee appointed to inspect Temporary Ex-piiing Laws.

That the Entrance into the Town of Nottingham, from the Lecn Bridge, as far as Saint Mary's Church, by Way of Hollow Stone, is very steep, narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and that it will be a very great Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons having Occasion to pass to and from the same, if the said Entrance was altered, amended, improved, and kept in Repair: Then,

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Coldhambeing further examined said, That the Road from the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, to Fishergate, within the said Town of Nottingham, and also the Bridge over the River Lecn, called The Lecn Bridge, have hitherto been repaired and maintained by the County of Nottingham, but that it will be very beneficial to the said County, and for the Accommodation of the Public in general, if the same in future should be maintained and repaired in common with the rest of the Road from the Nottingham Trent Bridge to the Town of Nottingham, by the Trustees to be appointed by the Bill for repairing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South End of the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water.,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South End of the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Maiy, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road at the Entrance of the Town of Nottingham, from the Bridge over the River Leen, called The Leen Bridge, as far as Saint Marys Church in the said Town, and also, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, to Fishergate, within the said Town of Nottingham, and also, for maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Bridge over the River Leen, called The Leen Bridge.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect and consider all the temporary Laws whatever of a Public Nature, which are expired or expiring; and to report to the House a Statement of all

such expired Laws as shall appear to them to have been made upon Occasions, whereof the like may recur hereafter; and also, a Statement of all the expiring Laws of every Sort whatever of a Public Nature; describing each Statute by its principal Matter, Date, Chapter, Section, and Title; and distinguishing the Duration of such as are Expiring; together with the Observations of the said Committee arising out of the several Matters referred to them; and who were empowered to report, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had inspected and considered the several Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws, of a Public Nature, which are Expired or Expiring; and to report to the House a Statement of all such Expired Laws as shall appear to them to have been made upon Occasions whereof the like may recur hereafter; and also a Statement of all the Expiring Laws of every Sort whatever; — describing each Statute by its principal Matter, Date, Chapter, Section, and Title; and distinguishing the Duration of such as are Expiring; together with the Observations of the said Committee arising out of the several Matters referred to them; and who were empowered to report, from Time to Time; — have, pursuant to the Order of the House, inspected and considered the several Matters to them referred, and agreed upon the following Report.

Having inspected all the Public Statutes of the Realm, so far as they were enabled by the Transcripts which appear to have been printed from the original Statute Rolls and Rolls of Parliament, and by this Inspection having been led into some general Considerations upon the Statute Law, your Committee conceive it may not be unprofitable to state them to the House, as preliminary to the particular Consideration of the Temporary Laws, upon which they are ordered to report more especially.

§ i-

In the First Place, it appears to Your Committee,

that THERE IS NO AUTHENTIC AND ENTIRE PUBLICATION of the Statutes*; that a very considerable Number of Statutes, as well as Clauses and Sentences of Statutes, w'hich are upon the original Rolls, never have been printed at all f; that many, which

are

All the STATUTES are contained, either in the Parliament Rolls, or Statute Rolls.

The Parliament Rolls are deposited

from 18 Ed. I. to 22 Ed. I. - - - at the Chapter House of Westminster,

from 5 Ed. II. to End of Ed. IV. - - at the Tower,

from 1 Ric. III. downwards - - - at the Rolls.

N. B. 29 H. VI. is - at the Chapter House.

The Statute Rolls are deposited

from 6 Ed. I. to 8 Ed. IV. - - - at the Tower.

from 12 H. VII. downwards - - - at the Parliament Office.

N. B. 13 Ed. I. is - at the Chapter House.

Of the Statute Rolls at the Tower, there is a complete Chronological Calendar; and of those in the Parliament Office, there is one Alphabetical Calendar, indicating the principal Matter of each Statute, usually stiled The Short Calendar; and there is also another Chronological Calendar of all the Statutes, setting foith the Title of each at large, and this is stiled The Long Calendar.

t

Instances of Statutes, and Clauses and Sentences of Statutes, upon the Rolls, but not printed in the Statute Books.

Statutes,

18 Ed. III. ..... 3 R. II. n. 39. - -

li H. IV. n. *3. - -

11 H. IV. n. 28. - -11 H. IV. n. 63. - -8 H.VI. n. 17. - -

3 H. VII. c. 10. n. 3. % H.VIII. n. 10.

concerning Ecclesiastical Livings, concerning Justices of Peace, concerning Grants of the Crown, against Corruption in Judges, against Attornies.

that the Queen Dowager shall not contract or marry without the King's Licence. See Hargf. Co. Lit. 133. b. Moneyers not to debase the Coin.

concerning placing the Lords in the Parliament Chamber.

Clauses, kc*

36 Geo. III. 12° Mail 703

are printed as Statutes, do not exist upon Record; or have not properly the Form or Force of Statutes *: and that the Statute Law has through a Series of Six Centuries, accumulated at length to a most voluminous Mass, which is rapidly increasing, and has been more than doubled in Bulk within the last Fifty

Years f. That without presuming to question the Expiring Policy of the Statute Law in any of its Branches, your Laws. Committee cannot but observe the Matter of it to be in many Places discordant in other Places obsolete §; in others perplexed by its miscellaneous Composition of Incongruities ||; and that its Style is for the

Clauses, &c.

37 H. III. c. 19. - - - - See Nicolson's English Hist or. Lihy. p. 5x4.

18 Ed. III. St. 6. c. 1. - - See Burr. 2549.

25 Ed. III. St. 6. - - - See 2 Inst. 588, on the Statute of Pro visors.

4 H. IV. c. 23. - - - - See 1 Rep. in Chancery. Appendix 5a.

And see Harletan MSS. n. 1574. 3.so. 12. to 21. Observations on many old Statutes; wherein the Differences, between the Records and the printed Books are noted; beginning 15 Ed. III. and ending 21 H. VI. See also, Sir Thomas Raymond's Rep. 1. 197. 2 Jo. 51. 2 Mod. 240. 2 Bla. 1102; and the Book usually called Cotton s Abridgment of the Records in the Tower of London, published by Prynne, 1757, but which was compiled by Bowyer, Keeper of the Tower Records, in the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth and James the First, and completed by his Son, as appears by the original Manuscript in the Herald's Office.

The printed Statutbs are sometimes distinguished into Three Classes, according to their Date; viz. — Ist Such as precede Time of legal Memory, m. iR.I; and these are considered as Part of the Common Law. — IId Antiqua Statuta from 1 Ric. I. to Ed. III. — IIId Nova Statuta, comprehending all subsequent Statutes.

Of the First Class, there is a MSS. Collection in the Bodleian Library, by Sir Henry Spelman, in Folio, and in his own Hand Writing, intitled, " Codex Legum Veterum & Statutorum Regni Anglia; quae ab ingressu Gulielmi 1. usque ad Annum Nonum Henrici Tertii edita sunt." — Upon the MSS. is written an Imprimatur,t€ July 5th 1640, John Bramston." — but it does not appear to have been printed till Dr. Wilkins published it in his Leges Anglo-Saxonicae, in 1711.

As to the Two other Classes; some of the printed Statutes are not to be found at present, either upon the Parliament Rolls, or amongst the Statute Rolls; viz. the Statutes of Merton, Marlbridge, Westmr. 1st, &c. besides 20 Ed. III. intitled, The Judges Oath} and 20 Ed. III. St. 1. c. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. Sec. See also Inst. 50 a. and Prynne on Inst. 38. and Harletan MSS. 244. so. 40: And the Informality of others amongst the Antiqua Statuta, and even amongst the Nova, has made learned Men doubt whether some of them have the Force of Statutes. Such are Statutum Hiberniae 14 Hen. III. — De Anno et Die. Bissextili, ai Hen. III. Assisa Paris et Cerevisiae, 51 Hen. III. Statutum de Scaccario,5i Hen. III. — Statute of Mortmain, 7 Edw.I. Statute of Rothelan, 10 Edw. I. And thus also 13 Ed. I. St. 4. called the Statute Circumspecte agatis, is alleged to be a mere Writ: The Statute of Fines, 18 Ed. I. is contended to be a mere Rule of Court 5 and the Statute of Wards, 28 Ed. I. is said to be only a judicial Note. See Nicolson's English Hist. Lily, p. 154. The Statute I Ed. II. de Militibus, is called a Writ by Lord Coke, 2 Inst. 593. and Harg. Co. Lit. 69. a. So is the Statute of Carlisle, 15 Ed. II. Nicolson's English Hist. Lihy. p. 154. The Statute entitled 17 Ed. II. St. 2. is denied to be any Statute at all, by Madox Bar. Angl. 272. and Har. Co. Lit. 67 a. n. 2. The Statute 15 Ed. III. St. 2. " Dissimulavimus, &c." is contended to be a mere Proclamation. And 23 Ed. III. Statute of Labourers, c. 1. See. is impeached by Barrington and by Harg. Co. Lit. 42 b. n. 1. though apparently supported in Fitzherbert, N.B. 167. B. In Fact, it could not be a Statute, for no Parliament was holden in that Year.

With regard to the Parliamentary Forms of enactingLaws, thus much seems to be agreed; that where the Proceeding consisted only of Petition from Parliament, and Answer from the King, these were entered on the Parliament Rolls; and if the Matter was of a public Nature, the Whole was then usually stiled an Ordinance: If, however, the Petition and Answer were not only of a public, but a novel Nature, they were then formed into an Act by the King, with the Aid of his Council and Judges, and entered on the Statute Roll. Many Instances of these Distinctions are to be found upon the Rolls of Parliament. See 22 Edw. III. 11. 20. 30. vol. 2. p. 203. Rot. Parl. — *28 Edw. III. n. 16. vol. 2. p. 257. — 37 Edw. III. n. 39. vol. 2. p. 280. — and 1 Ric. II. n. 56. vol. 3. p. 17. Butler & Harg. Co. Lit. 260. b. notis, and 3 Reeves Hist. Eng. Law, 143. An Ordinance on the Parliament Roll, with the King's Assent upon it, has nevertheless equal Force with a Statute*. And a Respectuatur entered upon the Roll in no Degree lessens its Authority. See Stat. 11 H. IV. n. 28. cited and admitted in Evidence on Lord Macclesfield's Trial, State Trials, mol. 6. p. 735, 759. At the End of the Reign of Henry VI. the Petition began to be inserted in the Body of the Bill: In 13 Car. II. St. 2. c. 2. the Form of expressing the Authority by which each Clause is enacted, was first introduced: And from that A£ra our Statutes assumed the same Form which they now bear.

The printed Editions of the Statutes are all of them defective in their Contents, and different from each other. There were some Parts printed by R. Pinson, in 1497 and 1514, from Magna Charta to the End of the Reign of Edward the Third, called Antiqua Statuta. Other Collections were published by Bertbelot in x *43; others by Tottel in 1556. The most complete of the early Editions goes under the Name of RastelT, it was printed by Norton and Bill, Deputy Printers to K. James the First, in 2 vols. folio, 1618, containing Acts from Magna Charta to 7th of Jac. 1. together with a great many which were then void, either by Expiration or Repeal, several of which are not contained in any of the subsequent Editions. Afterwards Pulton, Keble in Continuation of Pulton, See. successively published their Collections $ and at length Serjeant Hawkins completed an Edition of the Statutes at Large, in 6 vols. so. down to 7 Geo. II. inclusive; professing to have collated its Contents with the original Records, though he was not made officially responsible for its Accuracy. Cay, and afterwards Ruffhead, continued this Series. Since which, Rujfhead, Pickerings and Runnington have also published different Editions upon different Plans. But the most correct Edition of the Modern Statutes is to be found in the Yearly Collection, printed by the King's Printer from the Statute Rolls, which are in the Parliament Office: These Yearly Collections are printed in Folio, and formerly were in the Black Letter, till this was changed to the Roman Type in 34 Geo. III. for the Sake of diminishing their Bulk, which it does by about One Third. They contain all the Acts of a public Nature, or which are made so by special Clause, except Road Acts; viz. Acts for Churches, Bridges, Navigations, Drainage, and sometimes Inclosures.

f The following List of Editions, and their respective Contents, exhibits a View of the progressive Increase of the Statutes;

Editions. near Volumes.

Hawkins - - 500 Years - - 1225 to X704 - - hi.'i Folio.

*30 Years - - 1704 to 1734 - - in./ VI.

Ruffhead 500 Years - - Xf25 to 1699 - - iii.-j Quarto. XVI.

60 Years - - 1699 to 1762 - - v-r

30 Years - - 1762 to X794 - - VIII.J

Runnington - 500 Years - - 1225 to 1698 - - HI.'I

60 Years - - 1698 to 1766 - - IV. 1 Quarto.

30 Years - - 1766 to 1794- - - IV. f XII.

Index - - I.J

Pickering - 500 Years - - I225 to 1701 - - X-1

60 Years - - I70X to 1763 - - XIV. 1 Octavo.

30 Years - - i76j to 1795 - - XIV. f XL.

Indexes - - II.J

The King's Printer Annually publishes Two thick Folio Volumes; the Statutes 33 Geo. III. occupied 3,936 Folio Pages.

X Instances of Discordant Statutes:

These are what Jac. I. in his Speech upon his Accession calls, " divers cross and cuffing Statutes And see Harleian MSS. n. 244. in the Report of such Statutes as are fit to be repealed, and a new Law to be drawn in their Place.

§ Obsolete Statutes, as far as such a Denomination is known to the Law of England, mean such only as are superseded, and indirectly repealed by subsequent Statutes; no Statute losing its Validity by mere Desuetude: Obsolete in this Sense are, all those relating to Religious Houses, which were abolished by 31 H. VIII.; and all those relating to the Tenures, which were abolished by 12 Car. II. c. 24; those which regard Wales or Scotland prior to their respective Unions with England; and those which regard our former Dominions beyond Sea, &c.

Obsolete, in the popular Sense, mix. by the Non-existence of the subject Matter of the Law} are such as regard: — -i° Extinct States; viz. the Duchy of Burgundy — 4 Ed. IV. c. 5. — 20 Coins no longer known; viz. Scottish Coins — 47 Ed. III. c. 2. 14 Ric. II. c. 1. Gally-halfpence,

Pollards, and Crochets — 27 Ed. I. c. 3. 11 H.IV. c. 5. Suskins & Dodkins — 13 Hen. IV. c. 6. 3 Hen. V. c. 1.-3° Pecuniary Prices of Trades

& Manufactures, long since changed; viz. Waxchandlers — 11 H. VI. c. 12. Sweet Wines — 6 Ric. II. c. 7* Poultry — 37 Ed. HI. c. 3. Hats and Caps — 21 H. VIII. c. 9. Patten-makers — 4 Ed. IV. 4 Hen. V. c. 3. Girdlers — 15 Ric. II. c. 11. — 40 Arms long since laid aside; viz. Bows, Hand-guns, Cross Bows — 7 Ric. II. c. 13. 12 Ed. IV. c. 2. 1 Ric. III. c. 11. 3 Hen. VII. c. 13. 3 Hen. VIII. c. 3. S Eliz. c. xo. Sec. Sec. Sec.

|| Hodge Podge Acts. These have been discontinued of late Years; but the Statute Book abounds with them. The following are remarkable ^10 Ann, c. 14. 8 Geo. II. c. 24. 10 Geo. II. c. 32. 35 Geo. II. c. 33. 22 Geo. II. c. 46. 27 Geo. II. c. 16. 28 Geo. II. c. 15. 4 Geo. III. c. 12.

And Two may be selected as Patterns; viz.

In 20 Geo. II. c. 42. for explaining the Window Tax Act, there is to be found a Clause, viz. § 3. That all existing, and all future Statutes which mention England, shall also extend to Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, though not particularly named; — after which § 4. reverts to the Window Tax again.

17 Geo. II. c. 40. is entitled thus‘u An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern u Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violencies to

Vol. 51. "the

704 12° M A. 1796.

the most Part verbose, tautologous, and obscure *; all of which Circumstances seem to have engaged the Attention of Parliament at successive Periods, but not to have produced any Improvement, in the Degree which their Importance demands.

§ 2.

A GENERAL REVISION OF THE STATUTE LaW appears to have been often recommended from the Throne; to have been petitioned for by both Houses of Parliament; to have engaged the Labours of successive Committees, and to have been undertaken by Individuals under the Sanction of Royal and Parliamentary Authority; but never to have been carried forward to any Degree of Maturity. In Queen Elizabeth's Reign, Lord Keeper Bacon drew up a Plan for reducing, ordering, and printing the Statutes of the Realm; this was in 1.577 and the Queen afterwards recommended to Parliament a general Revision of the Statute Law in 1593 t- King James the First, upon his Accession to the Throne of England, and in subsequent Periods of his Reign, recommended also to Parliament a Reform of all the Statute Law, and of the Penal Laws in particular; and a Committee of the House of Commons was appointed in 1597, to consider of a Bill for the abridging and reforming the excessive Number of superfluous and burthensome Penal Laws §. In the Year 1610, a digesting and repealing of the Penal Law was expressly stipulated by the House of Commons, and acceded to by the House of Lords in their joint Transaction of the great' Contract with the Crown ||; and in the same Reign Lord Bacon, Lord C. J. Hobart, Serjeant Finch, Mr. Nov, and others, by the King's Command, made considerable Progress in the general Work of reforming and re-compiling the Statute Law*, which Lord Bacon describesas "an

" EXCELLENT UNDERTAKING, of HONOUR TO HIS " MAJESTY'S TIMES, AND OF GOOD TO ALL TIMES;"

and recommends in Imitation of the Statutes 27 Hen. VIII. c. 15. and 3, 4 Edw. VI. c. n. for appointing Commissioners to examine and establish ecclesiastical Laws, that Commissioners be named by both Houses for this Purpose also, with Power not to conclude, but only to prepare and propound the Matter to Parliament.

During the Commonwealth, the same Undertaking was resumed with Ardour. In 1650 a Committee was named, with Lord Commissioner Whitelock at the Head of it, " to revive all former Statutes and " Ordinances now in Force, and consider, as well " which are fit to be continued, altered, or repealed, " as how the same may be reduced into a compendious Way and exact Method, for the more ease " and clearer understanding of the People'And

the Committee were empowered " to advise with the " Judges, and to send for and to employ, and call to " their Assistance therein any other Person whom they " should think fit for the better effecting thereof, and " to prepare the same for the further Consideration " of the House, and to make report thereof JJ." In

1652 Matthew Hale, Esquire (afterwards Lord Chief Justice Hale) Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper (afterwards Lord Chancellor Shaftesbury) and Rushworth, the Historian, with other Persons out of the House, were appointed to report to the Committee their Opinions upon the Inconveniencies of the Law; and a revised System of the Law was reported to the House in the Course of the same Year § §. The same Labour was afterwards transferred to other Hands; but the Work was not abandoned; and in

1653 a Committee was appointed to consider of a new Model or Body of the Law || ||.

After the Restoration, Finch, Solicitor General (afterwards Earl of Nottingham and Lord Chancellor) Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Pkynne, and others, were appointed, in 1666, to be a Committee, " to confer with such of the Lords, the " Judges, and other Persons of the Long Robe, who " have already taken Pains and made Progress in " perusing the Statute Laws; and to consider of " repealing such former Statute Laws as they shall " find necessary to be repealed; and of Expedients of " reducing all Statute Laws of One Nature under such " a Method and Head as may conduce to the more " ready understanding and better Execution of such " Laws ^[." This seems to be the last recorded Instance of the Sort. And thus it is that Parliament has hitherto failed to accomplish this general Revision, and has now suffered it to sleep for more than a Century, although the Delay of it has annually augmented its Necessity. . The Attention of Modern Times has perhaps been the less directed to this National Work, as upon this Subject our general Histories, with too great an Inattention to Matters of legislative or juridical Importance, are wholly silent.

§ 3-

Your Committee cannot, in this Place, abstain from submitting to the House, as the Result of their Observations upon this Investigation, the extreme Importance of obtaining a complete and authentic Publication of the Statutes; and that, in their Opinion, the surest Method of proceeding at present to obtain it, would be by extracting them from the Parliament Rolls (printed a few Years ago in Six Volumes Folio, by Order of the King, upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament, and to which an Index and Glossary remain to be added) completing them also from the Statute Rolls at the Tower, the

u the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to " prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more " effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting u or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases, or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said " Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Pro-u secution of Offenders for embezzling Naval Stores or Stores of War; and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that u Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence."

Prolixity and Tautology begin in the Reign of Hen. VIII. Instances of Prolixity:

28 H. VIII. c. 7«§ 28 — a singular Instance of a superfluous Proviso.

1 Ed. VI. c. 1. and c. 12. 5 and 6 Ed. VI. c. 3 and c. 12. — prolix and metaphorical Style of Preambles.

Instances of Tautology passim.

t 1577. Harleian MSS. 149»fi. 117 # nS; and Ld. Bacon's Works, 4to. 2 Vol.so. 326.

1593. D'Ewes's Journal, 473. IV. Pari. Hist. 345. 371.

J 4 Co. Rep. in Pres. V. Pari. Hist. 30. 395.

§ D'Ewes's Journal, 553. V. Pari. Hitt. *59.

|| Lords Journ. II. 661. & V. Pari. Hist. 259.

An elaborate Report of all the Statutes, from the Stat. of Westminster, 3 Ed. I. to 7 Jac. I. which were actually repealed, or expired, or then fit to be repealed, and in what Instances requiring new Laws to be made in their Place, is to be found in the British Museum. Probably it may be the very Work spoken of by Lord Bacon, 2 Vol. 546. It is drawn up as by Authority, with detailed Reasons for every proposed Measure; noting also such Statutes, as were not then printed in Rastell; and distinguishing what were properly Proclamations, and not Statutes: a Table is subjoined to it, exhibiting the Result of the Report. Harleian MSS. n. 244.

tt *d Vol. 4*0. 547. t X ?! Comm. Joum. 427. §§ VII. Cosnm. Journ. 58. 74. 249. 250.

|| || VII. Comm. Journ. 304. & XX. Pari. Hist. 213. 232. 236. If VIII. Comm. Joum. 631.

Chapter

36 Geo. III. 12° Mail

Chapter House, and the Parliament Office; so far as these Two distinct Sets of Records continue to run in a parallel Series. From thence the Statute Rolls in the Parliament Office are the only Records which are strictly original, and they should be transcribed or collated throujpiout. This Portion of the Work would, however, be the less difficult, the public Acts having already been printed from the Statute Roll, by the King's Printer, in modern Times, and a regular Series of them, from l Will. III. being preserved in the Custody of your Officers.

With such a complete Publication of the Statute Law, when provided, the Plan for a Revision might not be difficult to devise, however laborious in its Execution. Adopting the Idea of the Commissioners employed in the Reign of James the First *, but executing it more comprehensively, an Examination might be instituted, and a Report made of all the Laws; enumerating them chronologically, and noting against each individually; either, l. An existing perpetual Law; and whether lit to stand, or to be repealed simpliciter, or to be repealed and replaced by a new Law: Or, 2. An existing, but expiring Law, and whether fit to expire, or to be continued, or to be made perpetual: Or, 3. Repealed, and whether fit to be re-enacted: Or, 4. Expired, and whether fit to be revived.

The Detail of such a Work might be distributed, as Lord Keeper Bacon proposed to Queen Elizabeth f, by Divisions between different Sets of Persons; whose Labours might proceed concurrently, and be afterwards submitted to the Judgment of a superior Commission, as Lord Chancellor Bacon proposed to James the First, to be appointed for the Purpose of preparing a digested Result of the whole Matter for Parliamentary Consideration.

In the re-compiling of past Laws, or the Enactment of future Laws, it becomes indispensably necessary to introduce a methodical Order of Distribution, and a Precision and Conciseness of Style, to which it would be often of singular Utility to add the prescribed Forms of proceeding by Way of Schedule; (such, for Instance, as are subjoined to the general Highway Acts, 13 Geo. III. c. 78, 84. and the Act for re-building Parsonages, 17 Geo. III. c. 53): Wherever summary Jurisdiction is given to inferior Magistrates, in the Discharge of their multifarious and difficult Duties, it is equally expedient to provide these Means of facilitating the Execution of the Laws, for the Ease of the Magistrate, and in many Cases also for the Benefit of the Public Revenue, and in all Instances, for the Safety or Convenience of Individuals.

Although such has hitherto been the fruitless Labour of former Ages in attempting a general Revision of the Statutes, it nevertheless appears to your Committee, that Partial Amendments have token place from Time to Time, and desultory Expedients have been applied, with different Degrees of Efficacy, at different Periods. Consolidation, or Repeal, have been principally applied to the Improvement of our perpetual Laws; and the same desultory and occasional Measures have been sometimes applied to our temporary Statutes, which have also, from the Peculiarity of their Duration, attracted the more frequent Attention of Parliament to their Revival or Continuance.

Some of the most distinguished and meritorious Labours of Parliament in die Consolidation of

Statutes, are to be seen in the general Act for the Regulation of Artificers, 5 Eliz. c. 4; the general Act for Regulation of the Navy, 22 Geo. II. c. 33; the general Gunpowder Act, 12 Geo. III. c. 61; the general Highway Acts, 13 Geo. III. c. 74, 84; the general Militia Act, 2 6 Geo. III. c. 107, the general Custom House Act, for Duties and Drawbacks; the general Act for Sheep and Wool, 28 Geo. III. c. 28; the general Corn Act, 31 Geo. III. c. 30; and the general Act for Seamen's Wages, 32 Geo. III. c. 28, &c. &c. The Declaration contained in the Preamble to Stot. 5 Eliz. c. 4. may serve as the best Notice of the Utility of Consolidation; and as a standing Document for promoting the future Prosecution of similar Labours. As an Auxiliary to this Plan of Consolidation, or even as an intermediate Substitute for it, the Parliamentary Abstract of the Law, respecting Seamen's Wages, inserted first in the Stot. 31 Geo. II. c. 10. and since repeated, with Improvements, in the Stot. 32 Geo. III. c. 67. may serve as a Model for the Instruction of the lower Classes of Men in their respective municipal Rights and Duties.

With regard to the Repeal, Revival, and Continuance of Statutes, it appears to your Committee, that this Process has been entrusted to the express Care of a Committee, specially named for this Purpose, at least as far back as the Reign of James the First, and that their Attention was formerly directed also, to the Consideration of Sleeping Bills, and of Bills brought into Parliament in former Sessions, and not passed; the House requiring the Opinion of these Committees, upon the Necessity or Utility of renewing them J. The Effects of this Vigilance are evident, when we observe, that in the Reign of Elizabeth, Nine general Statutes of Repeal and Continuance were enacted; that Stot. 39 Eliz. c. 18. disposes of no less than Fifty-three different Acts of Parliament; that by 1 Jac. I. c. 25. Fifteen are repealed, and Forty-five revived or continued; and that by 21 Jac. I, c. 28. there were no less than Sixty-four revived or continued, and Seventy-one repealed.

According to modern Usage, it is only from this Committee, Annually appointed to enquire what Laws are immediately fit to be revived or continued, that any regular Correction or Improvement whatever is bestowed upon the Statute Law of Great Britain.

But the limited Province of that Committee, or perhaps the Limitation rather, with which its Powers have been exercised since the Restoration, has prevented its producing the same beneficial Consequences as in earlier Ages. Add to this, that the Multiplicity and Irregularity with which, in modern Times, our temporary Laws have been made or continued, has greatly enhanced the Difficulty. In some Instances, we may find a temporary Law enacted, by the Insertion of a Clause in the Body of a perpetual Act; viz. *7 Geo. III. c 13. § 22. and in other Laws, which are wholly temporary, there is no settled Form or certain Place assigned to the operative Words, which denote its Continuance. We find its Duration sometimes expressed in the Preamble; as in the Acts provided for the Continuance of any particular W ar: sometimes in the First Section: sometimes in the Middle of the Act; 4 Geo. III. c. 27. § 4. 6 Geo. III. c. 28. § 11: but generally at the Close: sometimes it is to be collected only by Inference; 34 Geo. III. c. 9. 34 Geo. III. c. 79. and 35 Geo. III. c. 15. and c. 80. The Efficacy given to these Laws is sometimes retrospective, as well as prospective; 16 Car. I. c. 4. Sometimes the Existence of the Law is made to depend

HarUian MSS. n. 144. f HarUian MSS. n. >49. 1.

t 1604. Comm.Joum. I 152.-1(7]. Comm. Jtmrn. IX. 296. — 1614. Comm. I. 457. — 1667. Comm. IX. 3. — 1(73. Journ. IX. 19

Vol. 51. 8 R upon

Expiring

Laws.

706 12" Mau. A. 1796.

upon the Legislation of other Countries; 24 Geo. ill. St. a. c. 14. And in other Cases, it is declared, that after the principal Provisions shall have ceased to operate, the Act shall nevertheless remain in Force for the Punishment of Offences committed in Violation of it during its Continuance; 29 Geo. III. c. 64. 33 Geo. III. c. 66. 34 Geo. III. c. 80. The Variety of Periods prescribed for the Duration of each Statute, is such, that Caprice herself seems to have exercised her full Dominion, and displayed her uncontrouled Powers over different Clauses of the same Law: A pregnant Instance of this is exhibited in St. 36 Geo. III. c. 40. And the numberless Continuances of Statutes still remaining temporary in Form, though permanent in their Principle, strongly claim the Attention of Parliament, as contributing to add Complication to a Labyrinth already too intricate*. It is perhaps to be regretted also, that Laws confined to Cases of a limited Description, but depending on some general Principle have not, by the Means of such Committees, been extended to all the Cases which fall within the Range of the Principle j\ — But your Committee forbear to state any further Detail of their Observations on these Points,

apprehensive that they may have already expatiated upon them too largely.

§ 5-

Impressed however with the Result of their Research, and armed, upon the present Occasion, with more extensive Powers of Enquiry, your Committee have proceeded with the most earnest Desire to render the Execution of the Work entrusted to their Hands as serviceable to the Public as its Scope will allow; in considering the temporary Laws of a public Nature, with a View, in the First Place, to report as correctly as possible that Class of Expired Laws which Expe rience has shewn to be of a recurring or periodical Nature; and in the next Place to report as completely as possible all the Expiring Laws whatever. The First Part of this Labour admits, as your Committee are well aware, of a considerable Latitude of Discretion, the Second requires only Diligence and Accuracy.

Law's may be said to be Expired, the Duration of which has ceased either by the Termination of the express Time for which they were limited, or by the Extinction of the subject Matter of their Operation.

An Enumeration of all the Expired Law's of a public Nature, made upon all individual and occasional Subjects, would be endless and fruitless; and from this Sort of Detail your Committee profess w'holly to abstain. The Laws which they have conceived proper to omit, relate mostly to Matters of obsolete Custom J, or local Regulation §, or personal Concerns||, or they are such as have been superseded*,

though not formally repealed, by subsequent Mutations in our Jurisprudence.

To ascertain conclusively all the Expired Laws, which belong even to such Matters as the general Resolutions of Time are likely to bring again before us, is perhaps impossible; all that we can do is to approximate to this Enumeration. So far as the Work is completed, it will be useful; and any Omissions of this Sort will probably be more easily supplied, if the Necessity of recurring to them should arise. It will be a principal Use of the Collection of these Expired Law s, to exhibit to Parliament an instant View of the legislative Measures adopted by our Ancestors upon the Events of their Days, whenever similar Occurrences happen to us; enabling us to profit by the Experience of former Ages; and either to preserve a consistent Policy in our Laws, or to improve upon the given Precedents of other Times; or departing from them, to do it advisedly, if Prudence shall dictate such a Departure.

The Heads of Arrangement under which these Expired Laws may be most conveniently distributed, seem to be; First, such as accord with the established Order of the Constitution in its regular State of Operation; and afterw ards such as belong to those Casualties and Calamities which have occasionally disturbed or contravened the general Tranquillity or Happiness of the Nation. Their Specification will at once demonstrate their Importance. Amongst the First Class are, all the Events which affect the Crown, the Parliament, Courts of Justice, Army, Navy, Revenue, Commerce and Agriculture, Amongst the

latter, are the contingent Events of War, Rebellion, Sedition, Dearth of Provisions, Conflagration, and Contagious Distempers, See. Each of which occasional Incidents has been provided for by the Parliament of the Day, and may again require an instant Provision at any indefinite Moment ff.

Amongst the Expiring Law's of a public Nature, all of every Description must be comprehended; and there is an obvious Necessity as well as Utility for making this Register correct: lest, by the undesigned Expiration of any Statute, some important public Benefit should be lost; or some illegal or even fatal Act, should be committed by Magistrates entrusted with the Execution of the Laws^J. Upon this Subject Your Committee are also of Opinion, that it will be expedient for the House hereafter to give an Annual Instruction to the Committee for expired and expiring Laws, directing it to inspect all the Statutes of each preceding Session, and to insert in the Register of Expiring Laws those which are temporary; with similar Distinctions as to their Matter, Date, Chapter, and Duration: transferring at the same Time any Law

In the Second Part of the Appendix to this Report, all the Instances may be seen of these subsidiary Statutes. Some still temporary have been kept alive by no less than Thirteen successive Statutes in the present Century.

f Thus, by Geo. II. c. 18. to forge Mediterranean Passes, is made a capital Felony. But the Offence is described in Terms which seem to apply only to the forging of Passes issued in pursuance of Treaties existing at the particular Date of that Statute: Whereas, if the Principle be right at all. the Statute should have been extended also to such similar Cases as might arise out of subsequent Treaties.

t Mummers and Visors, 3 Hen. VIII. c. 9. Bowyers, 8 Eliz. c. 10. &c. § Calais, Gascony, &c. See. || Grants, Pardons, &c.

Pilgrims, Liveries, Sanctuaries, Purveyors, Sec,

ft With a View to such a Knowledge of practical Politics, as may be derived from the History of our experimental Legislation, the Train of Enquiry might be usefully pursued by the Investigation of other Classes of Statutes, which, although enacted upon particular Occasions and for limited Purposes, do not properly fall within the Scope of the present Reference 5 namely — OCCASIONAL STATUTES, but such as, whether temporary or perpetual in their original Form, have been since repealed; or such as being perpetual in their Form, though adapted to a transient Purpose, are still to be considered as subsisting. Instances of occasional Laws, afterwards rtpealtd, may be found in the sumptuary Laws of 3 Ed. IV. c. 5. and I Hen. VIII. c. 14. and 7 Hen. VIII. c. 6. repealed by 22 Ed. IV. c. x. and 1 Jac. I. c. 15. And Instances of occasional but perpetual Laws, may be seen by referring to the Statutes confirmatory of particular Parliamentary or Judicial Transactions, 1 Hen. IV. c. 4. 1 Ed. IV. c. 1. 12 Car. II. c. 12 — the Statutes respecting Royal Grants & Resumptions — 1 Ed. IV. c. 4. 4. 5. P. Sc M. c. 1. 18 Eliz. c. 2. uRic. II. c. 8. 32 H. VIII. c. 27.

5 W. & M. c. 5. § 6. The Statutes giving Validity to unstamped Deeds executed in the American Colonies, at a certain Period, 6 G. III. c 51. and the Confirmation of Marriages solemnized in Churches or Chapels erected after the general Marriage Act, by 21 G. III. c. 53.

II 4 Ann. c. 17. was suffered by Mistake to expire. See Degols a/. Ward. Bro. P, C. 317. — So was St. 29 Geo. II. c. 28. See Burr, 799, 901. — So was 4 W. & M. c. 24. § 16. giving 6 Days Notice to Jurors. It was continued by several Statutes, <viz. 7, 8 W. & M. c. 32. § 10. 1 Ann. St. 2

c. 13. § 2. 10 Ann. c. 14. § 4. and 9 Geo. I. c. 8. § 2. after which it was never continued: But St. 3 Geo. II. c. 25. was passed for the general Regulation of Jurors, without any such Provision; and this latter Statute, by 6 Geo. II. c. 37. § x. was made perpetual: Yet the Trial of Crossfield for High Treason, April 1796, at the Old Bailey, was postponed upon a supposed Continuance of 7, S W. & M. c. 32. §10 — In like Manner 16 Geo. III. c. ,3. empowering the King to call out the Militia and summon Parliament on 14 Days Notice, in case of Rebellion or Invasion, was suffered to expire. It had been enacted to continue 7 Years; and it was not till 26 Geo. III. c. 107. that this Law was revived in the General Militia Act, § 95, 96, 97. So that (he Nation was deprived of this important Constitutional Safe-guard for Three Years, by the Expiration and Non-continuance of 16 Geo. III. c. 3.

that

36 Geo. III. 12° Man. 707

that may have become extinct into the other Register of Expired Laws, if its Object be of a Nature likely to recur in subsequent Times.

§ 6.

Your Committee have accordingly proceeded to distribute the Statutes referred to their Consideration into TWO TABLES; and they conceive it proper in this Place to remark, with respect to Statutes of all Sorts, that in the Progress of their Work, they find that the Number marked upon each Statute Roll is indorsed by the Clerk of the Parliament according to its Order of passing; one continued Series of Numbers running through the whole Catalogue of Acts, public and private, belonging to each Session; but that the Numerical Marks prefixed by the King's Printer in the printed Copies, by Way of Chapter, to each public Statute, do not correspond with the Numbers on the Statute Rolls; there being one distinct Series used in printing for the public Acts, and another for the private Acts: and further, that these Numerical Marks prefixed in Print to each Chapter, and the Figures also prefixed to each Clause by Way of Section, as well as the Marginal Abstract of each Clause, and the Punctuation, are wholly the Work of the King's Printer, and rest on his private Authority*. Some Mode however, of Numeration, Division, and Distinction being found indispensably necessary to the public Convenience, for the Purposes of Citation and Reference, ought for that Reason, as your Committee humbly conceive, to be sanctioned by Parliament itself, and executed hereafter under its own Authority, in the same Manner as the proper Parliamentary Officer has been recently directed, by Stat. 33 Geo. III. c. 13, upon similar Reasons of Convenience, to indorse upon each Roll the Day on which each Act receives the Royal Assent: and in Addition to this, it might be further useful, that the Titles of all such Laws as are temporary should also express the Term of their Duration.

Your Committee, impelled by an ardent Desire to render their Labours of permanent Service to the Public, having entered upon so large a View of the Matters referred to their Consideration, beg Leave now to close their Report with a Suggestion which they cannot forbear to state, as its general Importance seems to merit an immediate Attention. Promulgation of the Statutes has been in all Times conceived to be absolutely necessary for giving Efficacy to the Law, and providing for the Safety of the Subject. Whilst the ancient Usage prevailed, of annexing the Tenor of every Ordinance and Statute to the Proclamation Writ which was directed to each Sheriff in

his County, this Purpose was accomplished in a Manner adapted to the Circumstances of those Times to which the Usage belonged j\ Since this Course has been superseded by the more convenient and popular Use of Printing, although the Expediency of Promulgation cannot have been diminished, and although the Means of it have been so greatly facilitated, and the Occasions of it have multiplied so rapidly, yet the Measure itself has been wholly discontinued, to the great Prejudice of Justice, the Embarrassment of Magistracy, and the Peril of Individuals. What your Committee would therefore humbly propose, as a Remedy for this Grievance, would be, that the King's Printer should Annually (or oftener, if necessary) transmit to the Sheriff, or Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace of each County, a printed Copy of all public Acts; laying aside the present incommodious and expensive Form of printing them, and adopting the more serviceable and compact Form, which Experience has pronounced to be the most preferable for general Use. It may deserve some Consideration also, whether a limited Number of Copies should not be printed of all the private Acts of each Year, to be deposited in the Royal and public Libraries, and the superior Courts of Justice. So that all the Statutes of every Denomination, enacted in each Session, may be rendered more easily accessible to all the Subjects of the Realm.

In Conclusion, your Committee have subjoined, by Way of Appendix to this their Report, One Table, or Register, comprehending the expired Laws, whereof the Consideration was referred to them; and another Table, or Register, of the Laws which are expiring. Of the former Description Your Committee have judged proper to select between Four and Five hundred Statutes, and these they have classed under the distinct Heads to which they seem respectively to belong. Of the latter Description there appear to be not less than One hundred and Fifty original Statutes, continued from Time to Time by near Three hundred subsidiary Statutes.

With regard, however, to both these Tables, your Committee are desirous of representing to the House, that on Account of the advanced State of the present Session of Parliament, they have been unable to complete them in a Manner wholly adequate to the Importance of the Object, or even to the Extent of their own Expectations; but they presume nevertheless to hope, that they have collected Materials in sufficient Quantity, and traced the Outline of their Arrangement with sufficient Distinctness, to render the Completion of these Labours not very difficult, whenever Parliament may be disposed to resume the Subject hereafter.

The Origin, Succession, and Extent of the Patents granted to the King's Printers are fully stated and discussed in i Blackstones Reports, 105, &c. and 2 Burrow's Reports, 661, See.

t Lord Cole, 2 Inst. 52b, says this obrained before Printing, and till Hen. VII. and 2 Inst. 639, the Tenor of such a Writ is set forth. Lord Coke, in another Place distinguishes the Degrees in which the Operation of Statute 1 Hen. V. c. 5. commenced; vix. that as to the King, it commenced from the Time of its receiving the Royal Assent, but as to the Subject, only from the Time of its being proclaimed. Ibid. 670.

Expiring

Laws.

Vol. 51.

APPENDIX.

12° Mail,

A. 1796

APPENDIX.

IN TWO PARTS:

"I. Register of EXPIRED Laws.

II. Register of EXPIRING Laws.

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

PART THE FIRST.

Register of EXPIRED Laws;

UPON HATTERS REGARDING,

i. The KING or REIGNING QUEEN. Page.

Sucession to the Crown ----- ---- 714

Accession - -- -- - - --ib.

Security of Person - - ib.

Support of the Royal Dignity ----- --- 715

Royal Property - - - - _ - - - - ib.

Debts ----- ----- --ib.

Marriage - -- - - -- -- 716

Divorce - -- ib.

Legitimacy - -- ib.

Education of Royal Children - ib.

Visitatorial Power ----- - - -- -ib.

Corporate Capacity ----- ---- ib.

General Pardon - -- - ib.

Union of Kingdoms - -- ib.

Regency - -- ib.

Inter-regnum - -- - 717

3. Hie QUEEN DOWAGER.

Support.....--- ib.

Re-marriage - ib.

3. The PRINCE of WALES.

Principality of Scotland ----- ---- ib.

Duchy of Cornwall - - - - -ib.

Marriage - -- 718

Support..... ----- - ib

Princess Dowager ----- ----- ib.

4. The PRINCESS ROYAL, YOUNGER CHILDREN, and COL-

LATERAL BRANCHES of the BLOOD ROYAL.

Support - -- --ib.

Marriage - -- 719

5. PARLIAMENT.

Summoned by the King's Lieutenant or Lords Justices - - - ib.

Place of Election changed - -- -- - ib.

Trial of Election Petitions - - - - -ib.

Privilege vindicated - -- ib.

Prosecutions enforced - -- 720

Royal Assent - - -ib.

Varying or repealing Acts of the same Session ----- ib.

Enlarging Time for Execution of Acts ----- - ib.

Adjournment and Determination of Session - - - ib.

Proceedings continued, notwithstanding Prorogation or Dissolution - ib.

6. CHURCH.

Ecclesiastical Laws - -- ib.

Tythes - - - -ib.

7. COURT8 of JUSTICE.

Judicial Proceedings helped or vacated ----- - 731

Sheriffs continued in Office - ib.

Jurors having Notice - -- - - -- ib.

Gaols - - - - ib.

Judges indemnified ----- ---- ib.

Commission of Sewers - -- ib.

Judicature for settling Differences after Destruction by Fire - - - ib.

8. MINISTERIAL OFFICERS, &c.

Indemnity for Omissions to qualify ----- -- ib.

Indemnity for Advice or Acts - - - - -ib.

Suspension of Powers - - -722

Compensation for Losses - -- -- - ib.

9. ARMY. See Title WAR. Mutiny Act -Militia

ib.

ib.

10. NAVY.

M

709

3b liEO. 111.

10. NAVY. See Title WAR.

Marine Mutiny Naval Court Martial Disturbance of Seamen Building Ships of War Naval Stores -Carriage of Navy and Ordnance -

u.TAXATION.

Subsidies - -

Poll Tax ——

Marriages, Births, Burials, Batchelors, and Widowers Beer, &c. ——

Wine ——

Coals.....-

Lottery ——

Land Tax ——

Malt Tax ——

in. REVENUES.

Loan ——

Appropriation ——

Funds pledged for Annuities for Lives or Years Exchequer Orders assigned -

Losses replaced ——

Debts levied ——

Debts compounded ——

Debtors eased ——

Sale of Forfeited Estates ——

Bequests to the Public returned -

Indemnity against Penalties -

13. COIN.

Coinage ——

Coining suspended ——

Currency -

Importation of light Coin prohibited -Counterfeiting Foreign Coin -

14. PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.

Public Accounts of the Kingdom -

Account of Fees of Office ——

Accounts compelled - -

Balances to be paid ——

15. AGRICULTURE.

Husbandry, Houses, and Tillage -

16. SHIPPING, NAVIGATION, and COLONIES.

British Ships ——

Prize Ships ——

Fisheries ——

Plantation Trade ——

Foreign Trade ——

»7. TRADES and MANUFACTURES.

Public Companies ——

South Sea Company ——

African Company ——

East India Company ——

Artificers ——

Bankrupts ——

Insolvents ——

18. PUBLIC SERVICES, ARTS, and SCIENCES. Pecuniary Rewards:

For Military Services ——

For Civil Services ——

For Discoveries - -

Grant of sole Exercise of Right....

In printed Works - -

In Engravings ——

In Cement ——

In Steam Engine ——

In Fire Plates - -

Enlargement or Confirmation of Patents -

For a Light-house ——

For Porcelain....

For Ship Blocks ——

Lottery - -'

Liberty of the Press ——

Vol. 51. 8 S

Page.

722

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

723

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

724 ib. ib.

ib.

ib.

725 ib. ib-

726 ib. ib. ib. ib. ib.

ib.

727 ib. ib. ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

728

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

729

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

730 ib. ib.

Expiring

Laws.

ib.

ib.

ib.

731 ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib.

732 ib. ib.

19. CHA-

12° Mail

A. 17

19-

20.

CHARITIES.

In Time of Plague and Fire Greenwich Hospital -

WAR.

Army recruited

22.

Militia augmented ——

Volunteers raised ——

Soldiers in Election Towns....

Foreign Troops quartered in the Kingdom -

Seamen raised ——

Foreign Seamen naturalized -

Wages of Merchant Service restricted ——

Protections granted or superseded -

Naval Stores purchased ——

Correspondence with the Enemy ——

Post Office opening and returning Letters -

Trade with the Enemy - - - .-

Supply of Ships to the Enemy ——

Navigation Act relaxed — as to Seamen -

----- --- as to Goods, Ships, and Places of Produce

Fisheries encouraged ——

Convoys ——

Enemies banished the Realm -

Wager on the War, &c. -

Insurance of Enemy's Property ——

Loans to Foreign Powers ——

Letters of Marque and Reprisal ——

Prize Goods recovered, 8cc. ——

Bounty for taking or destroying Ships ——

Free Importation from conquered Country -

Prisoners released ——

Indemnities for Acts done in War ——

21. RESTORATION of PEACE.

Allowance and Relief to Soldiers and Officers -Disbanded Soldiers, Seamen, Militia, and Fencibles, permitted to exercise Trades ——

Soldiers Children naturalized - -

Inhabitants of ceded Countries permitted to import, Duty free

Compensation for Losses ——

Accounts of Prizes, Transports, Subsidies, &c.

REBELLION and TREASON.

23-

*4-

25.

16.

27-

Rebellions and Treasonable Acts Reducing Rebels -

Suspending Colony Proceedings Trade interdicted -

Privateers -

Free Exportation to conquered Places -Exchange of Prisoners -

Treating with Rebels -

Reward for taking the Pretender Securing and detaining Traitors -Continuing their Imprisonment -Trial of Rebels -

Pains and Penalties - -

Attainder -

Forfeited Estates vested, sold, &c. Pardon of Rebels -

Restitution -

Indemnity for Acts during Rebellion -Losses supplied or compensated -Naturalization of Children born abroad SEDITION.

Seditious Acts declared and punished -RIOT.

Riot....

Indemnities -

CONFLAGRATION. Judicature for Differences -Powers of rebuilding Losses supplied INUNDATION.

Repairing Banks of Rivers W R E C K.

Hutting a Crew

Page.

732 ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

733 ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib.

734 ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib.

735 ib. ib. ib. ib.

ib.

736 ib. ib. ib. ib.

737 ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib. ib.

738 ib. ib. ib. ib.

739 ib. ib. ib. ib.

ib.

740 ib.

741

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

28. CON-

711

36 Geo. III. 12" Maxi.

38. CONTAGIOUS DISTEMPERS. Page. Expiring

The Plague - - 741 Lawj.

Murrain of Cattle 742

39. DEARTH.

Importation of Corn, &c. - . - - - ib.

Stopping the Exportation of Com, &c. ib.

Stopping the Distilleries - -- -- - ib.

PART THE SECOND.

Register of EXPIRING Laws;

UPON MATTIES REGARDING

ALIENS....

American Intercourse -Annuities -Antigua -

Baltic Stores -Bank of England -Bankers -

Bankrupts -

Bishop, Sir William, and Company

Blue....

Books -British Fisheries -Buckrams -

- 743, 744, 748, 749, 751, 752, 754, 755

.....757

R

- - - - - 761

743, 744, 745, 74$, 749, 757

..... 744, 745

.....746

- - - - 757

.....761

- .747

.....754

.....753

C.

Callicoes ....

Cambricks and French Lawns Carlton, Lady Maria -Certificate Goods -

Chatham, Earl of -

China Ware -

Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods Clarence, Duke of Coals -

Coal Tar ——

Cochineal and Indigo -

Coffee....

Coin, Foreign -

Copper -

Cordage -

Corn -

----- Indian -

Corps, Emigrant -

----- Volunteer -

Correspondence -

Cottons ——

Creditors, Scotland ..

Culm ——

D.

Debts, small, in Scotland -

Distilleries, Scotland -

- — stopped - -

Duchy of Cornwall -

Dutch Property -

E.

East Indies -

East India Company -Eliott, Sir Geo.

Emigrant Corps -

F.

Factors, Alien ----- Fees - . -

Fisheries ——

Vol. 51.

- 753

- 758

- 754

- 745

- 752

759

- 745, 746

- 755

- 748, 750

- 753

- 747

- 745, 746

- 744

- - 746

- 750

- - - - 760

- - - - 761

- 758

- - - ‘ 758

- 757

- 753

- 752

- 749

760

- 757

- - 700

- 758

- 759

743, 750, 752, 757, 760

- 753

- 758

‘ 758

- 750

- 754

Flax

12° Mail.

A. 1796

Flax ——

---- Seed ——

Flour ——

French Goods -

----- Islands -

----- Lawns -

--- — ' Property -

G.

Geneva ——

Glass ——

Gloucester, Duke of -Going armed -

Government - -

Greenland Fishery -

H.

Hair Powder -

Hard Labour -

Hemp and Flax -

---- Irish -

Hides and Skins, Tanning of Home Spirits -

Hovering ——

I.

Imperial Loan -

Indemnity ——

Indian Corn -

Indigo ——

Innkeepers, Subsistence of Soldiers Insolvents ——

Islands, French -

Justices of Peace for Middlesex, &c.

K.

Kiln or Oven -

King, The -

---- and Government -

L.

Land Tax ——

Lawns, French -

Leather ——

Linens ——

Loan, Imperial -

Longitude....

Lumber ——

M.

Mackarel ——

Malt Tax - -

Marine Mutiny -

Marlborough, Duke of -Meal ——

Meetings, Seditious -

Melasses -

Merchants, Alien -

Militia ——

Mutiny ——

----- --Marine -

Newfoundland -North Passage -

----- Pole

North-West Passage

Oven or Kiln

N.

O.

P.

Pawnbrokers -

Penn, William, Esq....

Pilchard Fishery - - -.

Police Offices - -

Port, St. John's -

Post Horse Duties -

Potatoes ——

Pretender's Sons -

Page.

749, 753, 759

- 759

- 760

- 754

- 759

- 758

- 758, 759

- 757

- - 760

- 750, 753

- 748

- 761

- 754, 758

761

- 749

- 752

- 758

- 755

- 745

759

761

761

747

7 61 756 759 756

- 759 745, 749, 75L 761

- 761

- 760

- 758

- 75i

- 748, 753

- 759

- 75i

- 745

- 759

- 760

- 761

- 744

- 760

- 761

- 760

- 758 7J8, 761

- 761

- 761

- 754, 756

- . - 75»

- 751

- 748

759

755

755

755

756

757 755 760

745

Prince

36 Geo. Ill

12° Mail

713

Prince of Wales Princess of Wales Princes Frederick, Prizes Property, Dutch French Provisions - &c. Princesses Charlotte, &c. - Pag*. - 75* . 760 Expiring Lkws.

Queen, The Q.

R. Rape Seed, and other Seeds, for Oil - Raw Hides ----- -- Regency ----- --- Rodney, Lord ----- -- Rum ----- --- and Spirits ----- -- Rye - - 760 . 749 - 753, 757 - 745, 749, 752 - . - 747

s.

Sago - ....

Sail Cloth, British - - - *

----- ---- Foreign -

Saint Albans, Duke of.

Saint John's Port -

Salt ——

Scotland, Distilleries in

----- ---- Small Debts in

----- ---- Transportation -

Seal Skins -

Seamen -

Seditious Meetings -

Ships and Seamen - -

----- and alien Merchants, or Factors -

Silk....

----- Manufacturers - -

Silks and Velvets ..

Skins, ^Tanning of

Skynner, Sir John -

Slave Trade -

Soldiers, Subsistence of

Southern Whale Fisheries -

Spirits ——

Starch ——

Succession to the Crown

Sugars ——

T.

Tallow ——

Tanning Hides and Skins -

Thames, Lastage and Ballastage -Timber ——

Tobacco Pipe Clay - -

Tools and Utensils -

Transportation -

Treason and Disherison of Heirs -

V.

Vegetable Colours -

Velvets ——

Volunteer Corps -

- 75® - 745. 747

- 748

- 755

- 757

- 749

- 757

- 760

- 758

- 755

- 761

- 757

- 758

- 759 745. 746, 749

- 749

- 758

- 754

- 755

- 761

- 759

- 747. 755

- - 761

- 743 747. 759. 76o

- 750

- 758

- 747

- 745

- 75*

- 754 752, 758

- 745

753

749

758

Watson, Brook, Esq. -Whale Fishery -

----- -Southern

Wheat -Willis, Dr. Francis Wood, Timber, and Lumber Woollen Cloth -

Yellow Colour Patent -York, Duke and Duchess of

W.

Y.

- 754 758, 759

- 759

- 761

- 755

- 745

- 756

756

756

Vol. 51.

8 T

I. REGISTER

714

12° Mail

A. 1796.

Expiring

Laws.

i.

REGISTER or EXPIRED LAWS, i. The KING or REIGNING QUEEN.

Matter. Date. Ch. TITLE OF THE ACT.

SUCCESSION to the 7 H. 4. 2. The Realms of England and France intailed to the King and his Four Sons by Name.

CROWN. 25 H. 8. 22. Concerning the King's Succession.

26 H. 8. 2. The Oath of Obedience to the King and the Heirs of his Body begotten of Queen Anne — Any former Oath may be reputed vain and annihilate, &c. &c.

28 H. 8. 7. Concerning the Succession of the Crown.

35 H. 8. 1. For the Establishment of the King's Succession.

1 Eliz. 3* For Recognition of the Queens Highness to the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

iW.M. St. 2. 2. Declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and setding the Succession of the Crown.

4 Aon. 1. For exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalizing the most excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

4 Ann. 4- For the Naturalization of the most excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

ACCESSION. 1 Geo. 2. St. 1. 5- For making further Provisions to enable Persons possessed of Offices, at the Demise of his late Majesty, to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices; and for altering and explaining the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying Persons for continuing in Offices, and to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall, and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demise of his late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for continuing such Laws as would expire at the End, of this Session of Parliament.

SECURITY of PERSON. 1, 2 P.M. 9- If any Person shall pray or desire that God will shorten the Queen's Days, or take her out of the Way, or any such malicious Prayer, amounting to the same Effect, he, his Procurators and Abettors, shall be adjudged Traitors.

See Rebellion. 1,2 P. M. 10. Whereby certain Offences be made Treasons, and also for the Government of the King's and Queen's Majesty's Issue.

1 Eliz. 5- If any person shall compass or imagine to deprive the Queen, or the Heirs of her Body to be begotten, being King or Queen of this Realm, from the Style or kingly Name of the Crown of this Realm, or to destroy the Queen, or any the Heirs of her Body, being King or Queen, or to levy War against the Queen, or any the Heirs of her Body, within her Dominions, or to depose the Queen, or any of the Heirs of her Body, &c. from the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and the same Imaginations shall utter by open Words, &c. or shall publish and directly say, that the Queen, during her Life, is not, or ought not to be Queen, or that after her Death, the Heirs of her Body ought not to be King or Queen, or that any other Person ought to be King or Queen, so long as any of the Heirs of her Body shall be in Life, then such Offender shall forfeit to the Queen all his Goods and Chattels, and the Profits of his Lands during his Life; and if any Person or Persons shall, by writing, printing, overt Deed, or Act, commit any of the Offences aforesaid, it shall be adjudged High Treason.

It

36 Geo. III. 12°

7 IS

l. The KING or REIGNING QUEEN —

SECURITY of PERSON. (continued.) See Rebellion. 13 Eliz. 1. It shall be High Treason to intend Destruction or bodily Harm to the Queen, or to levy War, or to move others to war against her, &c. &c.

27 Eliz. 1. Four and Twenty Persons at the least, whereof Part of the Queen's Privy Council, and the Residue being Peers of the Realm, by the Queen's Commission, shall examine the Offences of such as shall make any open Invasion or Rebellion within this Realm, or attempt Hurt to the Queen's Person, &c. &c.

13 Car. 2. St. 1. 1. For Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.

7, 8 W. 3. 27S.20. For the better Security of His Majesty's Royal Person and Government.

SUPPORT of the ROYAL DIGNITY. 2 W. M. St 1. 3- For granting to their Majesties, for their Lives and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

9W. 3. 23- For granting to his Majesty, a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, towards raising the Yearly Sum of Seven hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and other Uses therein mentioned, during His Majesty's Life.

1 Ann. St. 1, 7- For the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

1 Geo. i. St. 1. 1. For the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

l Geo. 2. St. 1. 1. For the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

ROYAL PROPERTY. 1 Ric. 3. 5. Those Lands whereof the King was enfeoffed jointly with others, to the Use of the Feoffor, shall be in his Co-feoffees.

26 Geo. 3. 87. For appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents.

30 Geo. 3. 50. To continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents.

DEBTS. 7 Geo. 1. 27. For raising a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by charging Annuities, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown; and for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (by causing such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil List the Payments which have been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing Money upon certain Lottery Tickets, and for discharging the Corporations for Assurances of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to his Majesty, and for making good a Deficiency to the East India Company.

21 Geo. 1. 2. For granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million, to be raised by Way of Lottery. N. B.See 11 Geo. 1. c. 17.

1 Geo. 2. St 2. 8. s. 26. For granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at Four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and-Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevi3 and St. Christopher's Debentures, for Annuities at Three per Centum, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues.

23 Geo. 3. 84. To enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

Vol. 51. The

Expiring;

Laws.

716

12° Mail

A. 1796.

i. The KING or REIGNING QUEEN — continued.

MARRIAGE. l Mar. Sess. 3. 2. The Articles of Marriage between Philip Prince of Spain and the Queen rehearsed and confirmed. The Queen shall and may only, as a sole Queen, use and enjoy the Crown and Sovereignty over her Dominions and Subjects, &c. &c.

l, 2 P. M. 1. Touching Letters Patents, and other Writings to be signed by the Queen.

l Ann. St. 2. 2. For enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George, Hereditary of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

DIVORCE. 25 H. 8. 22. s. 2. Concerning the King's Succession.

32 H. 8. 25- The Marriage solemnized between the King and the Lady Ann of Cleves, by the Judgment of the Clergy of England in their Convocation, is adjudged and pronounced to be void, and also by her own Consent, and that the King shall be at Liberty to marry any other Woman, and she any other Man, &c. &c.

LEGITIMACY. 1 Mar. St. 2. 1. Declaring the Queen's Highness to have been born in a most just and lawful Matrimony; and also repealing all Acts of Parliament and Sentence of Divorce had or made to the contrary.

EDUCATION of ROYAL CHILDREN. 1 P. M. 10. Whereby certain Offences be made Treasons, and also for the Government of the King's and Queen's Majesty's Issue.

VISITATORIAL POWER. 1 Mar. Sess. 3. 9- The Queen, during her Life, shall have Authority, by Writing, to be sealed with the Great Seal of England, to make and prescribe to all those Churches, Cathedral and Collegiate, that were erected and established by King Henry the Eighth, to the Deans, &c. &c.

1 Eliz. 22. Giving Authority to the Queen, during her Life, to make Ordinances in Collegiate Churches and Schools.

6 Ann. 21. For avoiding of Doubts and Questions, touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

CORPORATE CAPACITY. 4 Geo. 1. 2. To enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

1 Geo. 2. St. 1. 2. To enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

GENERAL PARDON. 12 Car. 2. 25 Car. 2. 2 W. M. 6, 7W.3. 7 Ann. 3 Geo. l. 7 Geo. 1. 20 Geo. 2. 11. 5-St. 1. 10. 20. 22. 19-29. 52. A > For the King's Most Gracious, General, and Free Pardon.

UNION of KINGDOMS. 1 Jac. 1. 2. Authorizing certain Commissioners of England to treat with Commissioners of Scotland for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

1 Ann. St. 1. 14- For enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, &c. &c.

REGENCY. 25 H. 8. 22S.11. Concerning the King's Succession.

2 W. M. St. 1. 6. For the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, during his Majesty's Absence.

6 Ann. 7 s. 11. For the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

2 Geo. 2. 27. To enable her Majesty to be Regent of this Kingdom, during his Majesty's Absence, without taking the Oaths. To

36 Geo. Ill

12° Mail

717

Expiring

i. The KING or REIGNING QUEEN — continued.

REGENCY continued. 24 Geo. 2. 24. To provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown shall descend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

INTER-REGNUM. 1 W. M. Sess. 1 4- s. 11. For reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Courts at Westminster, and discontinued by the not holding of Hilary Term, and for supplying other Defects relating to Proceedings at Law.

2. The QUEEN DOWAGER.

SUPPORT. 1 Geo. 2. St. 1. 3- For enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen in case she shall survive his Majesty.

15 Geo. 2. *9- s. 21. For granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred Thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England; and for ascertaining the Customs and Duties upon Quicksilver, taken as Prize during the present War; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

RE-MARRIAGE. 8 H. 6. n. 27, on the Pari' Roll. That the Queen Dowager shall not contract or marry without the King's Licence. N. B. See Report, p. 70a. Note *.

3- The PRINCE of W A L E S.

PRINCIPALITY of SCOTLAND. 25 Geo. 2. 20. To obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission of the . Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

DUCHY of CORNWALL. 21 Jac. 1. 29. To enable the Most Excellent Prince Charles to make Leases of Land, Parcel of his Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

t Car. 1. 2. To enable the King's Majesty to make Leases of Land, Parcel of his Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

13 Car. 2. St. 2. 4- To enable the King's Majesty to make Leases, Grants, and Copies of Offices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made. N. B. The like, aa Car. a. c. 7, and 25 Car. a. c. 3.

1 Jac. 2. 9- To enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

5 W. M. l8. For enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made. N. B. The like it, 13 W. 3. c. 18.

1 Ann. St. 1. 7-s. 8. For the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

fj Ann. 25. To enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, &c. &c. N. B. A Continuance of this Act, 12 Ann. c. 22.

Vol. 51. to ^eo. 2. 29. S. 9. 10. 11. For enabling his Majesty, &c. and for enabling his said Royal Highness, to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same. 8 U To

718

12° M

A. 1796

Expiring o. The PRINCE of WALES — continued.

Laws, __ ____ ____________________

DUCHY of CORNWALL, continued. 24 Geo. 2. 50. To enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same. N. B. The like, 33 Geo. t. c. 10.

i Geo. 3. 11. To enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

MARRIAGE. i Geo. 1. 22. For enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

g Geo. 2. 24. For exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.

9 Geo. 2. 28. For naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.

SUPPORT. 1 Geo. 1. 37- To enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown, in North Wales and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales and Earldom of Chester have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales; and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

10 Geo. 2.- 29. For enabling his Majesty, &c. and for exempting such Yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted or shall grant to his said Royal Highness from the Payment of Fees, Taxes, and other Charges whatsoever, &c. See.

3o Geo. 2. 3-s. 92, 93- For granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven, and for discharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned, and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future.

PRINCESS DOWAGER. 1 Geo. 1. 22. For enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

10 Geo. 2. 29- For enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, &c.

4. The PRINCE SUPPORT. :SS ROYA 15 Car. 2. lL — Th< 14. 5 YOUNGER CHILDREN, and the COLLATERAL BRANCHES of the BLOOD ROYAL. For settling the Profits of the Post Office, and of granting Wine Licences, on his Royal Highness the Duke of York, and the Heirs Male of his Body.

6 Geo. 2. 25. s. 6. To enable his Majesty to apply Five hundred Thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One Million of South Sea Annuities; and for enabling His Majesty, out of the Monies arisen by Sale of the Lands in the Island of Saint Christopher, to pay the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal, and Ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, for making good all Deficiencies and Charges by taking of, &c.

7 Geo. 2. 13- To enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity of Five thousand Pounds on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

To

1

36 Geo. Ill

12* Man.

719

Expiring

4. The PRINCESS ROYAL, &c. — continued. Laws.

SUPPORT continued. 12 Geo. 2. 13- To enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body; and also one other Annuity of Twenty-four thousand Pounds on their Royal Highnesses the Princess Amelia, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Louisa.

15 Geo. 2. J9-s. 21. For granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred Thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, and for ascertaining the Customs and Duties upon Quicksilver taken as Prize during the present War; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

19 Geo. 2. 29. For settling an additional Revenue of Twenty-five thousand Pounds upon his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to this Country.

30 Geo. 2. 3-s. 92, 93- For granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven; and for discharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears in future. N. B. To exonerate the Royal Family from the Land Tax.

4 Geo. 3. 2. s. 97. For granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four. N.B. The same as the preceding.

MARRIAGE. 7 Geo. 2, 4- For naturalizing the Most Serene Prince William Charles Henry Friso, Prince of Orange and Nassau.

13 Geo. 2. 13- For providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary.

SUMMONED by the King's Lieutenant or Lords Justices. 8 H. 5. 1. 5. PARLIAMENT. Parliament Writs being awarded in the Name of the King's Lieutenant, shall not be stayed by the King's Return into England.

(» Ann. 7- s. 23* For the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

PLACE of Election changed. 20 Geo. 3. 1. For holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the Town of New Alresford, in the said County. N. B. See Title WAR.

TRIAL of ELECTION PETITIONS. 25 Geo. 3. 17- To enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament."

31 Geo. 3. 3- To give further Time to John Macbride, Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

PRIVILEGE Vindicated. 4 Hen. 8. 8. All Suits, Condemnations, Executions, Charges, and Impositions, put or hereafter to be put upon Richard Strode, and every of his Accomplices, that be of this Parliament, or any other hereafter, for any Bill, speaking or reasoning of any Thing concerning the Parliament to be communed and treated of, shall be void.

Vol. 51. For

720

12° Mali.

A. 1796.

5. . PARLIAMEN T — continued.

PROSECUTIONS enforced. 6.7W. 3. 19. For imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Firebrace, Charles Bates, Esquire, and James Craggs, and restraining them from alienating their Estates.

22 Geo. 3. 54- For restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same. N. B. See also 23 Geo. 3. c. 5 23 Geo. 3. c. 60.

ROYAL ASSENT. 21 R. 2. l6. Authority given by Parliament to certain Commissioners, to examine and answer Petitions exhibited to the King.

VARYING or REPEALING ACTS of the same SESSION. 27 Geo. 3. 13. 3s 73- For repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue, &c. &c. &c. N. B. Numberless Instances of the like Provision occur in subsequent Acts, but this seems to have been the First Introduction of such a Clause in any Statute.

ENLARGING Time for Execution of Acts. 30 Geo. 2. 27. For enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament. N.B. See also 33 Geo. 2. c. 14. — 17 Geo. 3. c. 16. — 19. Geo. 3. c. 55, &c. Sec.

ADJOURNMENT and DETERMINATION of Session. 1 Car. 1. 7- This Session of Parliament (by Reason of the Increase of the Sickness, and other Inconveniences of the Season, requiring a speedy Adjournment, nevertheless) shall not determine by His Majesty's Royal Assent to this and some other Acts.

i6Car. 1. 7- To prevent Inconveniences by the untimely Adjournment of Parliaments.

PROCEEDINGS continued, notwithstanding PROROGATIONS or DISSOLUTIONS. 22 Geo. 3. 59- To provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanours, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort St. George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament. N. B. See also 23 Geo. 3. c. 59. — 26 Geo. 3. c. 96.

ECCLESIASTICAL LAWS. 25 H. 8. '9- 6. CHURCH. The Submission of the Clergy, and Restraint of Appeals.

27 H. 8. i5- The King shall have Authority to name 32 Persons, viz. 16 Spiritual and 16 Temporal, to examine the Canons and Constitutions heretofore made, according to the Statute of 25 Hen. 8. c. 19; but no Canons or Constitutions shall be made without the King's Assent, nor which be contrary to the King's Prerogative, or the Laws of this Realm.

35 H. 8. l6. The King shall have Authority, during his Life, to name Two-and-thirty Persons, viz. Sixteen Spiritual and Sixteen Temporal, to examine all Canons, Constitutions, and Ordinances, Principal and Synodal, and to establish all such Laws Ecclesiastical as shall be thought by the King and them convenient to be used in all Spiritual Courts.

3>4 Ed.6. 11. That the King's Majesty may nominate and appoint Two-and-thirty Persons to peruse and make Ecclesiastical Laws.

TYTHES. 3.4W.M. 3- For the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax; Four Shillings per Acre to be paid for Tythe of Flax or Hemp, to be recovered as other Tythe9.

For

36 Geo. III.

1.2° Mail

721

6. CHURC H — continued.

Expiring Laws*

TYTHES. continued. 11, 12, W. 3. l6. For the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

31 Geo. 2. 12. To encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof there.

5 Geo. 3. 18. For continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS Helped or Vacated. i W. M. 7- St. 1. 4- / COURTS OF JUSTICE. For reviving of Actions' and Process lately depending in the Courts at Westminster, and discontinued by the not holding of Hilary Term; and for supplying other Defects relating to Proceedings at Law. N. B. See Judgments avoided, 13, 14 Car. a. c. 24. s. 5, 6.

SHERIFFS continued in OFFICE. 1 Ann. St. 1. 24. For the continuing the present Sheriffs in England and Wales until the First Day of Hilary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner.

JURORS having NOTICE. 4,5W. M. 24. s. 16. For reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring. N. B. See also 7, 8 W. M. c. 33, s. 10. — 1 Ann. St. 2. c. 13. s. 2. — 10 Ann. c. 14. s. 4. — 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. s. 2. — 3 Geo. 2. c. 25. — 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. s. 1.

GAOLS. 23 Hen. 8. 2. For making Gaols in several Counties.

JUDGES indemnified. 19 Geo. 2. 39-s. ly. For the more effectual disarming, &c. and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, &c. &c.

COMMISSION of SEWERS. 12 E(l. 4. 6. For Sewers.

12 Car. 2. 6. For the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers.

JUDICATURE, for settling Differences after Destruction by FIRE. 19 Car. 2. 2. For erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished, by reason of the late Fire which happened in London. N. B. See also 22, 23 Car. 2. c. 14. — 25 Car. 2. c. 10.

29 Car. 2. 4- For erecting a Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burned and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwark.

INDEMNITY for OMISSIONS to QUALIFY. 1 11, 12 W. 3. 3. MI 17- NISTERIAL OFFICERS. &c. To prevent Disputes that may arise by Officers and Members of Corporations having neglected to sign the Association, and taking the Oaths in due Time. N. B. This seems to be the First; since which this has been an Annual Statute, extending to various Omissions of qualifying for Offices Civil and Military, &c. &c.

INDEMNITY for ADVICE or ACTS. 7 Geo. 3. > 7- For indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution the Order of Council of the Twenty-sixth Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the said Embargo. N.B. See a Repetition of these Statutes continually; and see Title WAR and REBELLION.

Vol. 51. 8 X To

722

12° Mail

A. 1796.

f i xpirtng I aws.

[ I

I i

j

l

4

i!

e

5

« -

1

8. MINISTERIAL OFFICERS, &c. — continued.

SUSPENSION of POWERS. 13 Geo. 3. 9- To restrain the East India Company, for a litnited Time, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company's Affairs, at their Presidencies in the East Indies.

COMPENSATION for LOSSES. 3iOe0.3. 28. To enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office for the Loss of their Offices. N. B. See Title WAR and REBELLION, &c.

MUTINY ACT. 13 W. 3. 2. 9. A R M Y. See Tale WAR. For punishing of Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland. N. B. Thu seems to be One of the earliest in die modern Form.

35 Geo. 3. 6. For punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of tire Army and their Quarters.

20 Geo. 2. 2. s. 15. Offences against the Mutiny Act excepted out of General Pardon.

MILITIA. i4 Geo. 3. 18. For defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

35 Geo. 3. 33- For defraying the Charge of [the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

MARINE MUTINY. 28 Geo. 2. 11. 10. NAVY. See Title WAR. For the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. N. B. This seems to be one of the earliest.

35 Geo. 3. 7- For the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

NAVAL COURT MARTIAL. igGeo. 3. 6. To authorize the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to order any Court Martial, which may be appointed on the Charge of Vice Admiral Sir Hilgh Palliser against the Honourable Admiral Augustus Kcppel, to be holden on Shore.

DISTURBANCE of SEAMEN. 16 Car. 2. 5- To prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal — M ho may punish Disturbances by Seamen and others relating to die Navy Office. N. B. See also 19 Car, 2. c. 7. — 22, 23 Car. 2. c. 23. — 1 Jac. 2. c. 17. s. 12. — 4, 5 W. & M. c. 24. s. 8.

BUILDING SHIPS , of WAR. 13* 14 Car. 2. 11. s- 37- r For preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs. N. B. See also, 22, 23 Car. 9. c. 11. s. 13. — 5 W. M. c. 24.

NAVAL STORES. 3,4 Ann. l6. For encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America.

12 Ann.; St. 1. 9. S. 2. For continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the " Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in " America, and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores " from that Part of Great Britain caUed ScoUand, to that Part of Great Britain called England." N. B. See also, 8 Geo. i. c. 12.^-2 Geo. 9. c. 35. s. 12. — 4 Geo. 3. c. 11. s. 3.

Embezzling

36 Geo. III. 12° Mali. 723

lo. NAVY — continued.

NAVAL STORES, continued. 20 Geo. 2. 52. s. 32. _L_: — _ —: — 1: Embezzling Stores, &c. excepted out of General Pardon.

CARRIAGE of NAVY and ORDNANCE. 13, 14-Car. 2* 20. For providing of Carriage by Land and by Water for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

l Jac. 2. 11. For reviving an Act for the providing of Carriages by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance. N. B. See also 4, 5 W. M. c. 24. — .11, 12 W. 3. c. 13.

SUBSIDIES. 9 H. 3- 37- 11. TAXATION. A Subsidy in respect of this Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, granted to the King,

11 H. 7- 10. A Remedy or Means to levy a Subsidy or Benevolence before granted to the King.

32 H. 8. 23- A Confirmation of a Subsidy, to be paid within Two Years, of Four Shillings in the Pound, granted to the King by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, and of such Sums of Money which after shall be granted to him by the Clergy of the Province of York.

2 W. M. St. 1. 4- For granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, &c.

TOLL TAX. 18 Car. 2. 1. For raising Monies by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of the present War. N. B. See similar Acts, 19 Car. 2. c. 1. — 29 and 30 Car. 2. c. 1. — 1 W. M. St. 1. c. 13. — 1 W. M. St. 2. c. 7 — 2 W. M. St. 1. c. 2. — 3 and 4 W. M. c. 6 — 4 and 5 W. M. c. 14.

5 W. M. 14. For raising Money by a Poll, payable Quarterly, for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

MARRIAGES, BIRTHS, BURIALS, BATCHELORS, and WIDOWERS. 6 and 7 W. M. 6. For granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Batchelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

BEER, Ac. 22 Car. 2. 5- s. 1. For an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

29 Car. 2. 2. For an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors for Three Years.

3 W. M. 1. For granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year, &c.

WINE. 30 Car. 2. 2. For granting an additional Duty to his Majesty upon Wines for Three Years.

COALS. 16, 17 Car. 2. 2. For regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

2 W. M. St. 2. 7* For reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

9,ioW.3. i.i s. 3, 4, 5, &6. For granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm.

10, 11 w. 3. 21. s. 28. For laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties as Well upon Vinegar as upon certain Lot* Wines and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging Cyrtders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Ashes, and for preventing Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Ale, and Frauds in Importation of Tobacco. 11

Vo l. 51. For

ExpTrin

Laws.

a*

724

12° M

A. 1796

[ i Expiring

I L*t\vs.

i I

i 1

A

s

11. T AX ATIO N — continued.

LOTTERY. 5 W. M. 7.S.34. For granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recoinpences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France. N. B. First Lottery Act.

35 Geo. 3. 36- For granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery. K. B. Last Lottery Act.

LAND TAX. 1W. M. Sess. 1. 20. For a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve Pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

1 W. M. Sess. 2. 1. For a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for One Year. N. B. See Chap. 5. St. 1. W. & M. Sess. 2.

4W.M. 1. For granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

11, 12 W. 3. 2. ' For granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned. Two Shillings in the Pound.

35 Geo. 3. 2. For granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five. N. B. Last Land Tax Act,

MALT TAX. 8,9W. 3. 22. For granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carying on the War against France, as for the necessary Occasions of his Majesty's Household, and other Occasions. N. B. The First Act like the modem Malt Tax.

9, 10 W.3. 8. For explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry; Duties arising, &c.

35 Geo. 3. 1. For continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five. N. B. The last Malt Tax Act.

e

5

12. REVENUES.

LOAN ACTS. 4 W. M. 3- For granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing certain Recoinpences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred Thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France. N. B. First Loan Act.

35 GEO. 3. 21. For raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five. N.B. Last Loan Act.

APPROPRIATION. uEd.3. St. 2. 1. The King's Grant, that the foresaid Subsidy of the Ninth Lamb, &c. shall be no Example, nor prejudicial to his Subjects; all shall be spent in his Wars.

5 Ric. 2. St. 2. 3- A Subsidy granted to the King, so that the Money that cometh thereby may be wholly employed upon the keeping of the Sea. For

36 Geo. III.

12" Mail

725

is. REVENUE S — continued. Expiring

_________ Laws.

APPROPRIATION, j continued. J, 10W.3. 37- For applying to the Use of His Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores which were provided, &c.

4 Ann. 12. s. 15. For laying further Duties upon Low Wines; and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty's Revenue, by Importation of Foreign cut Whalebone; and for making some Provisions, as to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on fiirths, Burials, and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets; and for enabling Her Majesty to dispose the Effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and for appropriating the public Monies granted in this Session of Parliament.

35 Geo. 3. 120. For granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. N. B. The last Appropriation Act.

FUNDS PLEDGED for ANNUITIES for LIVES or YEARS. 4W.M. 3- s. 7. For granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred Thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France.

5,6W.M. 5-s. 20. To supply the Deficiency of the Money raised by a former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred Thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France.

6,7W.3. 5- For enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts therein mentioned, to purchase or obtain further or more certain Interests in such Annuities, and in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the same, for raising Monies for carrying on the War against France.

' 1 Ann. St. 2. 5- For granting an Aid to her Majesty, by Sale of several Annuities at the Exchequer, for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

8 Ann. 4- s.13,14. For continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and granting new Duties upon Houses having Twenty Windows or more, to raise the Sum of Fifteen hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten.

8 Ann. 7. s. 28. For granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a Yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Nine hundred Thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and in Default thereof by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten.

6 Geo. 1. 4- For enabling the South Sea Company to increase their present Capital Stock and Fund, by redeeming such Public Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for lessening several of the public Debts and Iucumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, and for making forth new Bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged, upon Demand, at or near the Exchequer.

EXCHEQUER ORDERS assigned. 19 Car. 2. 12. For assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation.

5 Geo. 1. 2. 9. 8. For continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen; and for enlarging the Time for entering at the Exchequer such Assignments of reversionary Annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment

LOSSES REPLACED. 7 Geo. 1. 20. s- 33- For continuing the Duties upon Malt, &c. and touching Lost Bills, Tickets, or Orders, &c.

Vol. 51* g Y For

JL<W J.TM W»(

Expiring

>aws.

12. REVENUE S — continued.

LOSSES REPLACED, continued. 2 Geo. 2. 6. For making good the Loss occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four.

2 Geo. 3. 9- For charging certain Annuities, granted in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

DEBTS LEVIED. 22 Car. 2. 10. For Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Prittiman, for Satisfaction of a Debt by him due to the King's Majesty.

DEBTS COMPOUNDED. 10 Geo. 3. 12. To enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye, for which they are Sureties. N. B. See similar Acts, 14 Geo. 3. c. 35. — 15 G. 3. c. 19 — 17 G. 3. c. 31. & 49. — 19 G. 3. c. 77. — .24 G. 3. c. 14, &c.

DEBTORS EASED. 3, 4 Ann. 15- For the Relief of Fulke Ernes, Gentleman, and others, who had elapsed their Times, either for paying their Money, or naming their Nominees, for purchasing Annuities, &c. &c. &c.

10 Ann. 26. s. 112. For laying additional Duties on Hides, &c. and for Relief of Mary Ravenall, in Relation to an Annuity of Eighteen Pounds per Annum, &c. N. B. See similar Acts, 3 Geo. a. c. 16. s. 19 — 30 G. 2. c. 26. s. 18.

SALE of FORFEITED ESTATES. 6 Ann. 34- For a limited Time to Persons to come in and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates to the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword Blades in England, and divers other Purchasers.

BEQUESTS to the Public returned. 20 Geo. 2. 34- To enable His Majesty to allow to the Residuary Legatees of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knt. late Master of the Rolls, deceased. Part of the Legacy given by his Will to the Use of the Sinking Fund.

12 Geo. 3. 53- To enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll from a Debt due to His Majesty for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer.

14 Geo. 3. 89. To enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, to sell 10,000l. South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon; as also on 10,000l. East India Stock, and for applying the same as therein is mentioned.

INDEMNITY against PENALTIES. 32 Geo. 3. 61. To indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, and other Publications, from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

COINAGE.

13. C O I N.

7,8W. 3. 1.

7, 8 W. 3. *9- s. 4.

7,8W. 3. 30. s. 47.

i4 Geo. 3. 70.

For remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

To encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

For laying several Duties upon low Wines or Spirits of the First Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

For applying a certain Sum of Money for calling-in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England; and of taking the re an Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfaction for the same; and for authorizing all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin that shall not be allowed to be current by His Majesty's Proclamation.

To

36 Geo. III.

12° M

727

13. C O I N — Continued Expiring

_____________________________________________________________Laws.

COINING < SUSPENDED. 10W.3. 2. To prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom, and for re-coining such as is now in being, and for making out new Exchequer Bills, where the former Bills are or shall be filled up by Indorsements.

CURRENCY of WEIGHT. 8 W. 3. 2. For the further remedying the ill state of the Coin of the Kingdom.

IMPORTATION of LIGHT COIN PROHIBITED. 14 Geo. 3. 42. To prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum. N. B. See also 18 Geo. 3, c. 45, s. 5.

COUNTERFEITING FOREIGN COIN. 6 Geo. 2. 26. To prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins, commonly called Broad Pieces.

14. PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.

PUBLIC ACCOUNTS of the 19 Car. 2. 9* For taking the Accounts of the several Sums of Money, therein mentioned.

KINGDOM. 2 W. M. St. 2. 11. For appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom. N. B. See 4 W. M. c. 11 5, 6 W. M. c. 23. — 6, 7 W. M. c. 9. — 7, 8 W. M. c. 8.

1 Ann. St 1. 10. For taking, examining, and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

1 Ann. St. 2. *9- For taking, examining, and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom, &c. See.

9 Ann. 13- For the taking, examining, and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom. N.B. Continued by 10 Ann. c. 8. — 12 Ann. c. 3.

20 Geo. 3. 1 54* For appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom, and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service, and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services, can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public. N. B. See also 21 G. 3, c.45. — 22 G. 3, c. 50. — 23 G. 3, c. 68. — 24 G. 3. St. 2, c. 13. — 25 G. 3. c. 68. — 26 G. 3. c. 67.

ACCOUNT of FEES of OFFICE. ,10 Ric. 2. 1. The King's Commission to the Chancellor and others to examine into the State of his Courts, Revenues, Grants, and Officers Fees.

25 Geo. 3. »9- For appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices. N. B. See also 26 G. 3. c. 66. — 27 G. 3. c. 35.

29 Geo. 3. 64. To authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue.

ACCOUNTS COMPELLED. 1 Ann. St. 2. 24. To oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of Public Money as hath been received by him.

5 Ann. 33- For obliging John Rice to account for Debentures granted to him in the last Session of Parliament.

Vol. 51. To

Expiring

Laws.

728

12° M

A. 1796.

14- PUBLIC ACCOUNT

BALANCES to be PAID.

21 Geo.

3-

48.

To direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. AGRICULTURE.

HUSBANDRY, HOUSES, and TILLAGE. 6 H. 8. 5- Whosoever decayeth any Town or House of Husbandry, or doth convert Tillage into Pasture, shall forfeit to the Lord of the Fee Half of the Profits thereof.

2,3 P. M. 1. Commissions shall be awarded to certain Persons to enquire what, and how many Castles, Fortresses, Villages, Houses, and Habitations, have been decayed within the Counties of Northumberland, Westmorland, and the Bishoprick of Durham, &c. and what Parts of the said Counties and Bishopricks be apt to be inclosed, and converted to Tillage, or other necessary Manurance, &c.

2, 3 P.M. 2. A Confirmation of the Statute of 4 H. 7. c. 19. touching maintaining of Houses of Husbandry, and Land convenient for the upholding of Tillage. Commissions shall be awarded to certain Persons to esquire, hear, and determine all Defaults and Offences committed since Anno 29 H. 8. or hereafter to be committed, contrary to the Tenor of the said Statute of 4 H. 7. and the Statute of H. 8. c. 1, &c.

39 Eliz. 1. The Statute of 4 H. 7. c. 19. and all other Statutes made against the Destruction of Towns and Houses of Husbandry, repealed; and the Penalty for decaying of Houses of Husbandry, since 1 Eliz. &c.

39 Eliz. 2. Arable Land made Pasture since 1 Eliz. shall be again converted to Tillage, and what is Arable shall not be converted to Pasture, &c.

7 Jac. 1. 17. There shall be no burning of Ling, Heath, 8cc. in certain Counties in Summer.

16. SHIPPING, NAVIGATION, and COLONIES.

BRITISH SHIPS. 3 Ed. 4. 1. No Alien shall export Wool, &c. out of this Realm; certain Ordinances to be observed by Denizens in exporting thereof.

23 H. 8. 7- The Statutes of 5 Ric. 2. c. 3. 6 Ric. 2. c. 7. and 4 H. 7. c. 10. touching the bringing of Wines, &c. into this Realm by Ships only of England, Ireland, or Wales, and by only Masters and Mariners of the same Country, confirmed, &c.

PRIZE SHIPS. 19 Car. 2. 11. To make Prize Ships free for Trade.

FISHERIES. 5 Eliz. 5- s. 1,2,4. Touching politic Constitutions for the Maintenance of the Navy.

13 Eliz. 11. For the Maintenance of Navigation.

23 Geo. 2. 24. For the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery. N. B. See also 38 Geo. 3. c. 14. — 30 Geo. 3. c. 30.

PLANTATION TRADE. 3, 4 Ann. 10. For encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America. N. B. See also 12 Ann. St. l. c. 9.

5 Geo. 3. 44. s. 7. An exclusive Grant of trading for Twenty-one Years to the Port of Regeala, or Gueder, on the Coast of Africa.

For

36 Geo. IIL 12° Mail T29

16. SHIPPING, NAVIGATION,

PLANTATION TRADE, xontinutd. 25 Geo. 3. 1. For confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence, according to the Form hereunto annexed. N. B. See also 26 Geo. 3. c. 1.

FOREIGN TRADE. 27 Hen. 6. 1. If woollen Cloths, manufactured in England, shall be prohibited in Brabant, Holland, and Zealand, then no Merchandize, growing or wrought there, within the Dominion of the Duke of Bargoin, shall come into England, upon Pain of Forfeiture. N. B. See also 28 Hen. 6. c. 1. — & Ed. 4. c. 5.

4,5 W. M. 17- s. 29. For the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade. N.B. See also 7, 8 W.M. c. 33. — 10 Geo. 1. c. 16 — 12 Geo. i. c. 26. a. 7.

17. TRADES and MANUFACTURES.

PUBLIC COMPANIES. SOUTH SEA COMPANY. 7 Geo. 1. St. 1. 1. For restraining the Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, Director, Treasurer, or Cashier, Deputy-Cashier, and Accountant, of the South Sea Company, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

7 Geo. 1. St. 1. 2. To disable the present Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, and Directors of the South Sea Company, at, from, and after the respective Times for electing a Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, and new Directors of the said Company, to take, hold, or enjoy any Office, Place, or Employment in the said Company, or in the East India Company or Bank of England, and from voting upon Elections in the said Company.

7 Geo. 1. St. 1. 28. For raising Money upon the Estates of the late Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, Directors, Cashier, Deputy-Cashier, and Accountant of the South Sea Company, and of John Aislabie, Esquire, and likewise of James Craggs, Senior, Esquire, deceased, towards making good the great Loss and Damage sustained by the said Company; and for disabling such of the said Persons as are living to hold any Office or Place of Trust under the Crown, or to sit or vote in Parliament for the future; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed.

8 Geo. 1. 23- For prolonging the Times for hearing and determining Claims before the Trustees, in whom the Estates of the late South Sea Directors, and of John Aislabie, Esquire, and likewise of James Craggs, Esquire, deceased, are vested; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. N. B. See also 13 Geo. 1. c. 22.

AFRICAN COMPANY. 23 Geo. 2. 3»- s.32. For extending and improving the Trade to Africa.

24 Geo. 2. 49- For allowing further Time to the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, to enquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for staying all Suits for Money due from or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 22 Geo. 3. 5i-s. 2. To discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a further stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

8 Z

Expiring

Laws.

VOL. 51.

To

17. TRADES and MANUFACTURES-amfinwed.

EAST INDIA COMPANY, continued. 33 Geo. 3. 36. S. 2. To discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, from all Damages, Interest, and Losses, in respect to their not making regular Payments of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment, and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three. N. B. See also 33 Geo. 3. c. 83. s. 10 — 24 Geo. 3. St. a. c. 2.

ARTIFICERS. 36 Ed. 3. St. 1. 14. The Fines and Amerciaments of Labourers, Artificers, and Servants, shall be to the Use of the Commons, and distributed among them, during Three Years.

2 H. 6. 14. Justices may punish Servants, Masons, Carpenters, &c. for taking unreasonable Wages.

39 Eliz- 12. What Workmen or Labourers Wages Justices of Peace may assess.

BANKRUPTS. 3,4 Ann. 12. For the Relief of the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and apprehending of him, and the Discovery of the Effects of the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Accomplices. N. B. See also 5 Ann. c. 23.

\ 4 Ann. 17- To prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts. N- B. See also 5 Ann. c. 2a. — 7 Ann. c. 25. s. 4.

5 Geo. 1. 24. For the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts. N. B. See also u G. i. c. 29 — 13 G- 1. c. 27.-3 G. 3. c. 29. s. 4 & 5.

INSOLVENTS. 22, 23 Car. 2. 20. For the Relief and Release of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt. N.B. See also 30 Car. 2. c. 4.

2 W. M. Sess. 2 15- For Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages. N.B. See also 5, 6 W. M. c. 8.-7, 8 W. 3. c. 12.

1 Ann. St. 1. 2 5- For the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt. N.B. See also 2, 3 Ann. c. 16. — 10 Ann. c. 20.

6 Geo. 1. 22. For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the more easy Discharge of Bankrupts out of Execution after their Certificates allowed. N.B. See also 11 Geo. 1. c. 21.

2 Geo. 2. 20. For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. N. B. See also 2 Geo. 2. c. 22.-3 G. 2. c. 27. — 8 G. 2. c. 24. — 10G. 2. c. 26. — 11 G. 2. c. 9 — 14 G. 2. c. 34. — 16 G. 2. c. 17. — 21 G. a. c. 31. — 28 G. 2. c. 13. — 29 G. 2. c. 18. — 29 G. 2. c. 28. — 32 G. 2. c. 28.

1 Geo. 3. 17. For Relief of Insolvent Debtors. N.B. See also 5 Geo. 3. c. 41 — 9 G- 3. c. 26.-12 G. 3. c. 22,23. — 14 G. 3. c.77. — 16 G. 3. c. 38 — 18 G. 3. c. 52. — 21 G. 3. c. 63 — 26 G. 3. c. 44. — 34G. 3. c. 69.-35 G. 3. c. 88.

,8. PUBLIC SERVICES, ARTS and SCIENCES.

PECUNIARY REWARDS; For MILITARY SERVICES. 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. 12. s. 34. For enlarging, &c. and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that Building was carried on at the Expence of her late Majesty Queen Ann, of blessed Memory; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

For CIVIL SERVICES. 2 Geo. 3. 33- For granting to His Majesty, &c. and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the last Five Parliaments.

For DISCOVERIES. 3 Geo. 3. 14. I 'or the Encouragement of John Harrison, to publish and make known his Invention of a Machine or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

For

35 Geo. III.

12° M

731

Expiring

18. ARTS and SCIENCE S — continued.

PECUNIARY REWARDS; continued. For DISCOVERIES. 5 Geo. 3. 20. For explaining and rendering'more effectual Two Acts, one made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Ann, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with Regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

13 Geo. 3. 77. s. 29. For granting to His Majesty, &c.; and for paying to John Harrison a further Reward for his Invention of a Time Keeper for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was constructed.

5 Geo. 2. 8. For providing a Recompence for Sir Thomas Lombe, for discovering and introducing the Arts of making and working the Three capital Italian Engines for making Organzine Silk, and for preserving the Invention for the Benefit of this Kingdom.

GRANT of SOLE EXERCISE of RIGHT. 7 Geo. 2. 24. For granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Stationer of London, the sole Liberty of printing and reprinting the Histories Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Time therein limited.

In PRINTED WORKS. 15 Geo. 2. 23- For securing to John Byrom, Master of Arts, the sole Right of publishing, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short Hand Writing, invented by him.

In 7 Geo. 3. 38. To amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of

ENGRAVINGS. s. 3,4. the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching historical and other Prints, and for vesting in and securing to Jane Hogarth, Widow, the Property in certain Prints.

27 Geo. 3. 38. An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time. N. B. See also 29 Geo. 3. c. 19.

In CEMENT. if»Geo. 3. 29- For vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a limited Time.

In STEAM ENGINES. 15 Geo. 3. 61. For vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described in the said Act, throughout His Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

In FIRE PLATES. i7 Geo. 3. 6. For vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

ENLARGEMENT or CONFIRMATION of PATENTS, For LIGHTHOUSE. 3 Geo. 2. 36. For confirming a Patent, granted by her late Majesty Queen Ann to William Trench, Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Lighthouse upon the Island or Rock called Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Lighthouse, and for making the Duties granted for maintaining the same perpetual.

For PORCELAINE. 15 Geo. 3. 52- For enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant, to whom the stud Letters Patent have been assigned, to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public.

Vol. 51. For

I O'*

i)& man.

SI. Hu.

Expiring

Lam.

18. ARTS and SCIENCES — continued.

ENLARGEMENT, &c. continued. For SHIP BLOCKS. i6 Geo. 3. l8. For enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor, of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheaves, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships.

LOTTERY. i3 Geo-3. 41. For enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly called Cox's Museum, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors.

24 Geo 3. 22. For enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance.

LIBERTY of the PRESS. »3 & 14 Car. 2. 33- For preventing the frequent Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for regulating of Printing and Printing Presses. N. B. See also 16 Car. 2. c. 8. — lG, 17 Car. 2. c. 7. — 17 Car. 2, c. 4. — 1 Jac. 2. c. 17. s. 15. — 4 W. M. c. 24. s. 14.

In TIME of PLAGUE and FIRE. 22, 23 Car. 2. l6. 19. CHARITIES. For the Discovery of such as have defrauded the Poor of the City of London of the Monies given for their Relief at the Times of the late Plague and Fire, and for Recovery of the Arrears thereof.

GREENWICH HOSPITAL. 4 Ann. 12. 8. 14. For laying further Duties, &c. and for enabling her Majesty to dispose of the Effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, as a Charity to Greenwich Hospital.

7 Geo. 1. 20. For continuing the Duties, &c. and for disposing certain Overplus Money to proper Objects of Charity, &c.

ARMY RECRUITED. 2, 3 Ann. l6. 20. WAR. For the Discharge out of Prison of such Insolvent Debtors as shall serve, or procure a Person to serve, in her Majesty's Fleet or Army, &c. &c.

2, 3 Ann *9- For raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, &c. N. B. See also 3, 4 Ann, c. 11. — 4 Ann, c. 10.

29 Geo. 2. 4- For the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines. N. B. See also 30 Geo. 2. c. 8. and c. 13.

MILITIA AUGMENTED. 19 Geo. 3. 76. For augmenting the Militia. N. B. See also 20 Geo. 3. c. 44. — 21 Geo. 3. c. 7.

VOLUNTEERS RAISED. 2 2 Geo. 3. 79- For the encouraging and disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

SOLDIERS in ELECTION TOWNS. 20 Geo. 3. 50. For exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in die Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " quartering of Soldiers, during the Time of Elections of Members to " serve in Parliamentso far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time. N. B. See also 21 Geo. 3. c. 43. & 22 Geo. 3. c. 29.

To

36 Geo. III.

12° Mail.

733

20. W A R — continued.

Expiring

Laws.

FOREIGN TROOPS QUARTERED in the KINGDOM. 30 Geo. 2. 2. To make Provision for the quartering of the Foreign Troops in his Majesty's Service, now in this Kingdom.

22 Geo. 3. 26. For providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

SEAMEN RAISED. 16 Car. 1. 5- For the better raising and levying of Mariners, Sailors, and others, for the present guarding of the Seas, and necessary Defence of the Realm. N. B. See also 16 Car. 1. c. 33. & c. 36.

14 Geo. 2. 38. For the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty's Fleet.

l Geo. 3. 17-3. 57- For Relief of Insolvent Debtors. N. B. See also 9 Geo. 3. c. 36.

i9 Geo. 3. 67. For the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy. N. B. See also-31 Geo. 3. c. 15.

19 Geo. 3. 75. For removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time.

35, Geo. 3. 5. For raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England for the Service of His Majesty's Navy. iV. B. See also 35 Geo. 3. c. 19.

FOREIGN SEAMEN NATURALIZED. 13 Geo. 2. 3* s. 2. For the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships in War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Privateers. N. B. With a Power of receiving the Effect of this Act by Royal Proclamation. See also 20 Geo. 3. c. 20. s. 3.

WAGES of Merchant Service restricted. 14 Geo. 2. 38. s. 4. For the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty's Fleet.

PROTECTIONS GRANTED, or SUPERSEDED. 9 Hen. 5. 3- Protections granted to them that be in the King's Service in Normandy or France, or which shall pass with him into France. N. B. See also 4 H. 6. c. 3. 8 Hen. 6. c. 13.

14 Ed. 4. 2. Touching Protections for such as go in the King's Wars.

4 Hen. 7. 4. Protections granted to them which then were or after should be in the King's Service in Britain.

NAVAL STORES PURCHASED. 19 Geo. 2. 36. To allow the Purchase, for his Majesty's Use, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom on Board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships, and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them.

CORRESPONDING with the ENEMY. 3 W. M. 13- Against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

9W. 3. 1. Against corresponding with the late King James and his Adherents.

3»4* Ann. 14. To prevent all traitorous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies.

POST OFFICE opening and returning LETTERS. 35 Geo. 3. 62. To enable His Majesty, &c. &c. &c.

TRADE with the ENEMY. W. M. St. 1. 34- For prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France. N. B. See also, 3 W. M. St. 3. c. 14. — and 4.5 W. M. c. 35.

3» 4 Ann. »3- For prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Vol. 51.

9A

To

7M

12° Mail

A. 1796.

20. W A R — continued.

TRADE with the ENEMY; continued. 3 Geo. i. 1. To enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain Commerce with Sweden.

13 Geo. 2. 27. For prohibiting Commerce with France.

SUPPLY of SHIPS to the ENEMY. 22 Geo. 3. 71* More effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain. N. B. See also 23 Geo. 3. c. 2.

NAVIGATION ACT relaxed 6 Ann. 37-s. 19. For the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

as to SEAMEN. GOODS, SHIPS, and PLACES of PRODUCE. 13 Geo. 2. 3- For the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchants Ships and other Trading Ships and Privateers. N. B. See also 17 Geo. 2. c. 36.-28 Geo. 2. c. 16. — Qg Geo. 2. c. 11. — and C. 3+. 8. 19.

11 Geo. 3. 3* For the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchants Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels. N. B. See also 16 Geo. 3. c. 20. — 17 Geo. 3. c. 34. — 18 Geo. 3. c. 6. — 19 Geo. 3. c. 14 — 20 Geo. 3. c. 20. — 21 Geo. 3. c. 11. — 22 Geo. 3. c. 16.

17 G. 2. 36. 8. 3. An Act for permitting certain Goods therein enumerated to be imported during the War, in British-built Shipping, the Property of Foreigners, 8k. 8cc.

20 Geo. 3. 39-s. 45- To admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities. N.JB. See also 21 Geo. 3. c. 19. c. 27. c. 62. s. 3. — 22 G. 3. c. 38.

FISHERIES ENCOURAGED.; 13 Geo. 2. 28. s. 5. For continuing, &c. and for granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the present War.

CONVOYS. 5.6W.M. 20. 8. 46. Names and Rates of Convoys certified to the House of Commons.

6 Ann. 13- For the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, by Cruisers and Convoys, &c.

ENEMIES BANISHED the REALM. 4, 5 P- M. 6. Every Person born under the Dominion of the French King, not being Denizen, &c. shall depart this Realm.

WAGER ON WAR, &c. 7 Ann. 16. To prevent the laying of Wagers relating to the Public.

INSURANCE of ENEMY'S PROPERTY. 21 Geo. 2. 4- To prohibit Assurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France.,

LOANS to FOREIGN POWERS. 3 Geo. 2. 5- To enable his Majesty to prohibit any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any Foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority.

LETTERS of MARQUE and REPRISAL. 10 Hen. 6. 3- A Letter of Request shall be granted by the Keeper of the Privy Seal to any of the King's Subjects from whom Goods shall be taken by the Subjects of Denmark. N. B. See also 14 H. 6. c.7.

6 Ann. 37. 8. 3. Ecouragement for the Increase of private Ships of War.

17 2« 34. Fo the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy. N B. See also 20 Geo. a. c. 24. and c. 45. s. 10.

For

36 Geo. III. 12° Mail 735

so. W A R — continued.

LETTERS of MARQUE, &c. continued. 29 Geo. 2. 34- For the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy.

30 Geo. 2. t 18. For the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom. N. B. See also 33 Geo. 2. c. 19. s. 3.

2 Geo. 3. l6. For the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy. N.B. See also 3. Geo. 2. c. 25.

i9 Geo. 3. 67. For the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy. N.B. See also 21 Geo. 3. c. 5. — 23 Geo. 3. c. 57.

PRIZE GOODS RECOVERED, &c. 13,14(3.2. 14. Directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods. N. B. See also 16, 17 Car. 2. c. 6.

5 Geo. 3. 24. To oblige Agents of Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty's Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

22 Geo. 3. 15- For the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

BOUNTY for TAKING or DESTROYING SHIPS. 13 Geo. 2. 4- s. 15. Bounty Money to be paid for taking or destroying the Enemy's Ships. N. B. See also 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. s. 18.

23 Geo. 3. l6. For authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department of Gibraltar the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy. N- B. See also 25 Geo. 3. c. 29.-26 Geo. 3. c. 35.

24 Geo. 3. St. 2. 28. For authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty's Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

FREE IMPORTATION from CONQUERED COUNTRY. 21 Geo. 3. 62. s. 4. To explain, &c. and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Essequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies.

PRISONERS RELEASED. i6Car. 1. 24. To relieve Captives taken by the Turks, and to prevent the taking of others hereafter.

INDEMNITIES for ACTS in WAR. 1 Ed. 3. St. 1. l. None shall be impeached which took Part with the King against his Father.

1 Hen. 4. 2. None shall be impeached that did assist King Hen. IV. or helped to pursue King Richard II. or his Adherents.

1 Hen. 7. 6. A Pardon granted to all them who assisted the King in his Wars against Richard Duke of Gloucester.

4.5W.M. *9- For preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

ALLOWANCE and RELIEF to SOLDIERS and OFFICERS. 1 Hen. 6. 21. 5- RESTORATION of PEACE. A certain Allowance made to those which were retained to serve the King Henry V. in his Wars, &c.

35 Eliz. 4- Every Parish charged with a Sum Weekly towards the Relief of sick, hurt, and maimed Soldiers and Mariners. N. B. See also 39 Eliz. c. 21. — 43 Eliz. c. 9. s. 29. — 3 Car. 1. c. 4. and 16 Car. 1. c.4.

Vol. 51. For

Expiring

Laws.

Expiring

Laws.

735 IT Man. i/yo.

21. RESTORATION of P E A C E —

ALLOWANCE and RELIEF to SOLDIERS and OFFICERS; continued. 13>14 Car. 2. 8. For Distribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission Officers; and for assessing of Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised, for their Supply.

13,14 Car. 2. 9* For the Relief of poor and maimed Officers and Soldiers who have faithfully served his Majesty and his Royal Father in the late Wars. N. B. See also 15 Car. 2. c. 3. and 22, 23 Car. 2 c. 21.

DISBANDED SOLDIERS, j 2 Car. 2. 16. For the speedy disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, with Instructions for the same.

SEAMEN, MILITIA, and FENCIBLES io,nW. 3- 11. To enable such Officers and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, during the late War, to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

TRADES. 5 12 Ann. S. 1. 13- To enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty's Service, during the late War, to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

»2 Geo. 2. 44- To enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades.

Geo. 3. 8. To enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades.

24 Geo-3. St- 2. c- 6. * 1.4. To enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

SOLDIERS CHILDREN NATURALIZED. 9,10 W. 3- 20. To naturalize the Children of such Officers, and Soldiers, and others, the natural born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born Abroad during the War, the Parents of such Children having been in {he Service of this Government.

INHABITANTS of CEDED COUNTRIES permitted to import Duty Free. 3 Geo. 3. 17- For raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, &c. and for allowing His Majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty's Possession. N. B. See also 5 Geo. 3. c. 3.

COMPENSATION for LOSSES. 9 Ann. 23- s. 88. Distributing among the Inhabitants of Nevis and Saint Kitts, who were plundered, and have resettled. N. B. See also 10 Ann. c. 34. — 5 Geo. i. c. 32. — 8 Geo. 1. c. ao — 13 Geo. 1 c. 3. s. 10. — and 1 Geo. 2. St. 2. c. 8.8.24.

26 Geo. 3* 75- For appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain. N. B. See also 28 Geo. 3. c. 31. — and 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. — and 30 Geo. 3. c. 34.

ACCOUNTS of PRIZES, TRANSPORTS, SUBSIDIES, &c. 1 13,14 1 Car. 2. t4- Directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods.

uf 12 W. 3. 8. For the appointing Commissioners to take, examine and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War. N. B. See also 13 W. 3. c. 1 — and 1 Ann. St. 2. c. 20.

11 Geo. 1 . St. 2. 24. . For appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and state the Debts due to the Army. 1 N. B. See also c. 35.1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 24

|4 Geo. 1 9- To appoint Commissioners to take, examine, state, and determine the Debts due to the Army, and to examine and state the Demands of several Foreign Princes and States for Subsidies, during the late War. N. B. See also 5 Geo. 1. c. 14. — 6 Geo. 1. c. 17. — and 7 Geo. 1. c. 30.

To

36 Geo. III.

12" Mail.

737

21. RESTORATION of PEAC E — continued. Expiring

ACCOUNT of PRIZES, &c.; continued. 5 Geo. 3. 24. To oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty's Land Forces, and for the Application thereof. N. B. See also 20 Geo. 3. c. 54. — 21 Geo. 3. c. 45. — 22 Geo. 3. c. 50. — 23 Geo. 3. c. 68. — 24 Geo. 3. St. 2. c. 13. — 25 Geo. 3. c.68. — 26 Geo. 3. c. 67.

22. REBELLION and TREASON.

REBELLIONS and 1 Mary. Sess. 2. 12. Against unlawful and rebellious Assemblies.

TK£ASONADLb ACTS. 1 Eliz. l6. The Statute 1 Mary, Sess. 2. c. 12. continued during the Queens Life.

14 Eliz. 1. Against withholding the Queen's Castles, Ships, Artillery, &c.

14 Eliz. 2. Against conspiring to enlarge Traitors.

REDUCING 27 Eliz. 1. Commission to examine and pursue treasonable Offences.

REBELS. i6Car. 1. 33- For the reducing the Rebels in Ireland to their Obedience to his Majesty and the Crown of England. N. B. See also 16 Car. 1. c. 33 and 34.

SUSPENDING COLONY PROCEEDINGS. 7 Geo. 3. 59- For restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives of the Province of New York, until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the King's Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution for any other Purpose.

TRADE INTERDICTED. i4 Geo. 3. 19. To discontinue, in such Manner and for such Time as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachusets Bay, in North America. N. B. See also 15 G. 3. c. 10. — 16 G. 3. c. 5, &c. to 23 G. 3. c. 26.

PRIVATEERS. 17 Geo. 3. 7* For enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels employed in Trade, or retained in His Majesty's Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

T7PFT7 EXPORTATION to CONQUERED PLACES. 20 Geo. 3. 46. To allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain, to certain Towns, Ports, or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions. N.B. See also 21 G. 3. c. 29.-22 G. 3. c. 13.

EXCHANGE of PRISONERS. 22 Geo. 3. 10. For the better detaining, and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners . brought into Great Britain.

TREATING with REBELS. 18 Geo. 3. >3- To enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces of North America.

i 122 Geo. 3. 1 46. To enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies, in North America, therein mentioned.

REWARD. 1 Geo. 1. St. 1. 1. s. 9. Reward for taking the Pretender. N. B. Enforced by 1 G. 1. St. 2. c. 13. s. 28. and 29.

SECURING and DETAINING TRAITORSj 1 W. M. 2. For impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government. N. B. See also 1 W. M. c. 7. and c. 19. — 7, 8. W. M. c. 11.

6 Ann. 15- To impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person and Government.

V# L. 51. 9 B To

aw

irjiuw.

XI X| i/U

Expiring

Laws.

22. REBELLION and T R E A S 0N —

SECURING and DETAINING TRAITORS, continued. l 1 Geo. 1. 8. To impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government. N. B. See also 1 Geo. 1. c. 30. — 9 Geo. 1. c. 1.

17 Geo. 2. 6. To impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government. N. B.See also 19 Geo. 2. c. 1. and c. 17. — 20 Geo. 2. c. 1.

i7 Geo. 3. 9- To impower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with or suspected of the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy. N. B See also 18 Geo. 3. c. 1. — 19 Geo. 3. c. 1. — 20 Geo. 3. c. 5. — 21 Geo. 3. c. 2. — 22 Geo. 3. c. 1. — 34 Geo. 3. c. 54--"35 Geo. 3. c. 55.

CONTINUING their IMPRISONMENT. 10, 11 W. 3. 13. For continuing the Imprisonment of Counter and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his sacred Majesty. N. B. See also 1 Ann. c. 29. — 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 7. — and 1 Geo. 2. c. 4.

TRIAL of REBELS. 1 Geo. l. 33- For the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied or shall levy War against his Majesty.

19 Geo. 2. 9- For the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied or shall levy War against his Majesty; and for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors, in Trials for High Treason or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

19 Geo. 2. 25- ! 1 1 For calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

PAINS and PENALTIES. 13Car. 2. 15. Declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of Free and General Pardon.

9 Geo. 1. 15- To inflict Pains and Penalties on John Plunket.

9 Geo. 1. 16. To inflict Pains and Penalties on George Kelley, alias Johnson.

9 Geo. 1. 17- To inflict Pains and Penalties on Francis Lord Bishop of Rochester. N. B. See also 23 Geo. 3. c. 54, 55, 69 — 23 Geo. 3. c. 5, 19, 59.

ATTAINDER.

11 Ric. 2. 1

19 Geo. 2.

26.

The Archbishop of York, and others, attainted of High Treason.

N. B. This is one of the earliest Statutes of this Sort. See also 17 Geo. 1.St. 1. c. 28.

To attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie, William Viscount of Strathallan, &c. &c.

FORFEITED ESTATES, VESTED, SOLD, &c.

4 Geo. 1.

8.

5 Geo. l.

23-

For vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public; and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till sold.

N. B. See also 5 Geo. 1. c. 23.

For appointing a Commissioner and Trustee to put in Execution the Powers and Authorities of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the forfeited Estates, and Estates given to superstitious Uses, in the Room of George Treby, Esquire, who has desired to be discharged from the said Trusts.

16 Geo. 1. 24.

li 3 Geo. l.l 28.

For better explaining the Nature of Conveyances, to be made to the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates, by the Commissioners and Trustees acting in Scotland, &c.

For Sale of such of the forfeited Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the Crown; and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as have been duly entered, remain undetermined.

K. B. See also 1 Geo. 2. c. 21 — 2 Geo. 3, c. 33 — 5 Geo. 2. c. 33.-25 Geo. t. e. 51. — 14 Geo. 3. c.23.

To

36 Guo. Ill

12* Mali.

7 39

as. REBELLION and TREASON — continued. Expiring

__________________________________________________ Laws.

PARDON of REBELS. 20 Geo. 2. 46. To prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned, on Condition of Transportation, and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country. N. B. See also 20 G. 2. c. 52. s. 51. 53.

RESTITUTION. i Hen. 4. 5- A Restitution of those, or their Heirs, which were attainted at the Parliament, holden 21 Ric. 2.

i4 Geo. 3* 22. To enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Fraser, the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

23 Geo. 3. 34- For removing certain Disabilities occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy, of Airly, Esquire.

INDEMNITY for ACTS during REBELLION. 19 Geo. 2. 20. To indemnify such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural' Rebellion, and Sheriff's and others who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

LOSSES upplied or compensated. 5 R- 2. St. 1.9. A Remedy for them whose Writings were destroyed in the late Insurrection. N. B. See also 6 R. 2. St. 1. 4.

20 Geo. 2. 20. For Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion. N. B. See also 21 G. 2. c. 17.

23 Geo. 3. 80. For appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government. N. B. See also 25 G. 3. c. 76. — 26 G. 3. c. 68 — 27 G. 3. c. 39.-28 G. 3. c. 40. and c. 44. — 29 G. 3. c. 62. and 30 G. 3. c. 34.

NATURALIZATION. 29 Car. 2. 6. For the naturalizing of Children of his Majesty's English Subjects, born in Foreign Countries during the late Troubles.

23. SEDITION.

SEDITIOUS ACTS declared and punished. 1, 2P. M. 3- A Confirmation of the Statute of 3 Ed. 1. c. 34. and 2 Ric. 2. St. 1. c. 5. touching telling of News, &c.

1,2 P. M. 9* r If any Person shall pray or desire that God will shorten the Queen's Days, or take her out of the Way, or any such malicious Prayer, amounting to the same Effect, he, his Procurators and Abettors, shall be adjudged Traitors.

1 Eliz. 6. The Penalty mentioned in the Statute of 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 3. for speaking false slanderous News of the King or Queen, or for committing any of the Offences expressed in the said Act, shall be expounded to extend to the Queen that now is, and to the Heirs of her Body.

13 Eliz. 1. s. 2. It shall be High Treason to intend Destruction or bodily Harm to the Queen, or to levy War, or to move others to war against her, or to affirm that the Queen ought not to enjoy the Crown, but some other Person, or to publish, See. See.

23 Eliz. 2. If any Person shall advisedly, and with a malicious Intent of his own Intention, speak any false and slanderous News or Tales against the Queen that now is, then he shall have both his Ears cut off, except, See. See.

Vol. si. 16 Car. 2. 4- To prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles, 35 Eliz. c. 1. declared to be in force, &c. 34. RIOT.

740

lx M

J.± JL I #V.

Expiring

Laws,

24. RIOT.

RIOT.

INDEMNITIES.

18 Ed. 3. St. 1. Declaring in what Cases and for what Offences Exigents shall be awarded.

17 Ric. 2. 18. The Sheriffs and all other the King's Officers, shall suppress Rioters, and imprison them, and all other offending against the Peace.

11 Hen. 7. 7- The principal Leaders of any Persons to commit a Riot or unlawful Assembly shall be committed to Prison so long Time, and pay such Fine, and be bound to the Peace, with Sureties, in such a Sum of Money as shall seem meet to the Justices of Peace before whom the Complaint is made, or the Indictment found; and if the Riot be with Forty Persons, or thought heinous, then the Justices of Peace shall certify the same, and send up the Record of Conviction to the King and his Council.

3,4 Ed. 6. 5- It shall be High Treason for Twelve Persons, or above, being assembled together, to attempt to kill or imprison any of the King's Council, or to alter any Laws, and to continue together by the Space of an Hour, being commanded by a Justice of Peace, Mayor, Sheriff, &c. to return, &c. &c.

1 Mary. St. 2. 12. If any Persons, to the Number of Twelve, or above, being assembled together, shall intend, go about, practice, or put in Use, with Force and Anns, unlawfully, and of their own Authority, to change any Laws made for Religion by Authority of Parliament, or any other Laws of this Realm, the same Number of Twelve, or above, being commanded by the Sheriff, &c. by Proclamation, in the Queen's Name, to retire, See.See.

1 Eliz. l6. The Statute made, Anno 1 Mar. St. 2. c. 12. against unlawful and rebellious Assemblies, shall be continued during the Queen's Life, and until the End of the Parliament then next following.

10 Geo. 2. 34- To disable Alexander Wilson, Esquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying any Office or Place of Magistracy in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imposing a Fine upon the Corporation of the said City.

20 Geo. 3. 64. To prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections.

1 Ed. 3. St. l. 1. None shall be impeached which took Part with the King against his Father.

7 Hen. 4. 18. None shall be punished for repressing the late Riots.

19 Geo. 2. 39-s. 11. For the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, &c. and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion, & c.

12 Geo. 3. 23. For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law for certain Escapes from the said Prison.

20 Geo. 3. 63. To indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the public Peace.

31 Geo. 3. 1. To extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament (an Act to prevent any Mischief, &c.) to Persons arrested and bailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the sam« shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof.

25. CONFLA-

36 Geo. III.

12° Mail

741

JUDICATURE for Differences. ‘ " - ~~ 25- - Expiring Laws. CONFLAGRATION. See Courts of Justice.

POWERS for RE-RTTTT 19 Car. 2. 3. For re-building the City of London. N. B. In Part expired.

22 Car. 2. 11. An additional Act for the re-building of the City of London, uniting of Parishes, and re-building of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City. N. B. In Part expired.

LOSSES SUPPLIED. 31 Car. 2. 3- For re-ingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple.

8 Geo. 1. 28. For supplying the Records of the Copnmissary Court of Aberdeen, burnt or lost in the late Fire there. N.B. See 9 G. x. c. 35.

REPAIRING BANKS of RIVERS. 12 Ann. St. 2. 17- 26. INUNDATION. For the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex; and for ascertaining the Coal Measure. N. B. See also 7 Geo. 1. St. 1. c. a©, s. 3a.

HUTTING a CREW. 26 Geo. 3. 8. 27. WRECK. To enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

PLAGUE. 2 2 Jac. 1. 8. CC 3i- ' — T )NTAGIOUS DISTEMPERS. For the charitable Relief and Ordering of Persons inflicted with the Plague.

22, 23 Car. 2. 16. For the Discovery of such as have defrauded the Poor of the City of London of the Monies given for their Relief, at the Times of the late Plague and Fire, and for Recovery of the Arrears thereof.

9 Ann. 2. To oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarantine.

7 Geo. 1. 3- For repealing an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, To oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the spreading of Infection. N.B. See also 8 G. 1. c. 8.

1 Geo. 2. 13- To oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the spreading of Infection. N. B. See also 6 G. 2. c. 34 — 19 G. 2. c. 5 G. 2. c. 4 — 26 G. 2. c. 26. — 26 G. 2. c. 18. — 29 G. 2. c. 8.

2i Geo. 3 . 29. s. 6. To continue several Laws relating to, &c. to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, &c. &c.

Vol. 51.

9 C

Mof

Expiring

Laws.

28. CONTAGIOUS DISTEMPERS —

MURRAIN of CATTLE. 30 Geo. 2. 20. More effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

12 Geo. 3- 5i For continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further Spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, till September 20, t/74-

29. D E A R T H.

IMPORTATION of CORN, Ac. 30 Geo. 2 7- To discontinue for a limited Time the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been or shall be taken from the Enemy and brought into this Kingdom.

6 Geo. 3. 4- For allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty free.

112 Geo. 3 33- For allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty. N. B. See also 13 G. 3. c. 1. c. 2 15G.3. c. 1. — 18.G. 3. c.25,&c.&c.

31 Geo. 2. 28. To permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter from Ireland, for a limited Time. N. B. See also Geo. 3. c. 28, Ac. Ac.

STOPPING the EXPORTATION of CORN, 34 Ed- 3- 20. No Corn shall be transported but to Calais and Gascoign.

10 W. 3. 3- To prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for One Year, &c.

Ac. 8 Ann. 2. To prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and Low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash drawn from malted Corn.

14 Geo. 2. 3- To prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation of Com, Grain, (Itice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon. N. B. See also 30 Geo. 2. c. 1. — 31 Geo. 2. c. 1. &c. &c.

b Geo. 3. 5- To prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited Time. N. B. See also 11 Geo. 3. c. 1. — 12 Geo. 3. c. 1. — 13 Geo. 3. c. 3. — 23 Geo. 3. c. 81. Ac. Ac.

] 14 Geo. 2. 3- To prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon. JV. B. See also 31 Geo. 2. c. 28 — 32 Geo. 2. c. 1. — 1 x Geo. 3, c. 37. Ac. &c.

c 56 Geo. 3. 5- To prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap, for a limited Time.

STOPPING: the DISTILLERIES. 50 Geo. 2. 10. 1 To prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour. N. B. See also 30 Geo. 2. c. 15. — 31 Geo. 2. c. 1.

1 11 Geo. 3. 1. To continue the Prohibition of the Importation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time. N. B. See also 12 Geo. 3. c. 1. — 13 Geo. 3. c. 3. Ac. Ac.

II. REGISTER

36 Geo. Ill

12* Man.

743

Expiring

Laws-

II.

REGISTER of EXPIRING LAWS.

l. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793.

Matter. Date. Ch. Title of the Act. Duration.

BANK of ENGLAND. 5 W. M. continued successive down t< 36 Geo. 3. 20. S. 20. by Acts > 44- For granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of 1,500,000l. towards the carrying on the War against France. Till Redemption of all Bank Annuities created by Parliament.

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 9, 10 W. 3. continued 6 Ann. 10 Ann. 3 Geo. 2. 17 ~ 7 Geo. 3. 9 ~ 13 — '9 ~ 20 — 44- by 17-28. 14- , 17-57-24. 64. 61. 56. An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies. N. B — See also the Continuance of the E. I. C°. by the following Statutes: 21 Geo. 3. c.65. — 24 Geo. 3. c. 25. — 26 Geo. 3. c. 16. — 26 Geo. 3. c. 25. 50. 57. — 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. 32. 48. — 28 Geo. 3. c. 29. 65 — 31 Geo. 3. c. 10, 11. 40 — 33 Geo. 3. c. 47. 52. — 34 Geo. 3. c. 41. 1 March, If Three Years previous Notice given. 1814

SUCCESSION to the CROWN. 12 W. 3. 2. For the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject. Continuance of Heirs of the Body of Princess Sophia of Hanover, being Protestants.

annuities. 2, 3 Ann. 3. s. 9. For granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as are therein mentioned. 99 Years from 25 March 1704, i. e. 1803

ANNUITIES. 2, 3 Ann. 3. s. 10. iFor granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as are therein mentioned. 1, 2 or 3 Lives, or 99 Years from 25 March 1704, i. e. 1803

ANNUITIES. f 3, 4 Ann. 2. 8.1. For raising Monies, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War. 99 Years from 25 December *705, i. e. 1804

ANNUITIES. 3, 4 Ann. 2. s. 3. For raising Monies, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War. 3 Lives convertible into 99 Years from 25 March 1704, i. e. 1803

ANNUITIES. 4 Ann. 6. s. 21. For continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six, and other Uses therein mentioned. \ 99 Years from 25 March 1706, i. e. 1 1805

Vol. 51.

Expiring

Laws.

744

12° M

A. 17

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.

DUKE of MARLBOROUGH. 5 Ann. 3- / For the settling of the Honours and Dignities of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours. Continuance of Issue Male or Female of John Duke of Marlborough.

5 Ann. 4. For settling upon John Duke of Marlborough and his Posterity, a Pension of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock and House of Blenheim, are already limited and settled. Same Continuance.

ANNUITIES. 5 Ann. *9-s. 15. For continuing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the One-third Subsidy of Tonnage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Monies, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, and other Uses therein expressed, 99 Years from 25 March 1707, i. e. 1806

ANNUITIES. 6 Ann. 5- s. 8. For raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on Low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and One of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned. 99 Years from 25 March 1708, i. e. 1807

ANNUITIES. 6 Ann. 11. For continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and other Uses therein expressed. qq Years from 24 June 1708, i. e. 1807

BANKERS. BANK of ENGLAND. 6 Ann. 22. s. 9. For continuing several Duties therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muslins, and additional Duties, upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, for preserving the Public Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals exported for Foreign Parts, and for securing the Credit of the Bank of England, and for passing several Accounts of Taxes raised in the County of Monmouth, and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco as shall have paid her Majesty's Duties. Continuance of the Bank of England.

COIN. FOREIGN. 6 Ann. 30. For ascertaining the Rates of Foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America. Till altered by Royal Proclamation,

For

36 Geo. 111. 12° Mail '745

l. ACTS prior to Sth April 1793

BANKERS. BANK of ENGLAND. 7 Anm 7. s. 61. For enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine. Continuance of the Bank of England.

TREASON and Disherison of HEIRS. 7 Ann. continued 17 Geo. 2. 21. S. 10. by 39-s. 3* For improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms. Life of the Pretender's Sons.

SAIL CLOTH, BRITISH. ia Altai continued 5 Geo. 1. 1° — 8 Geo. 2. 15 — 20 — 27 — 33 — 8 Geo. 3. 14 — 22 — 29 — St. 1. c. 16. bj 25. 17-18. 35> 45-18. 17-23-80. 13- 55-s. 1. } For the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain. ✓ 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

THE KING. 1 Geo. 1. 1. For the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain. The King's Life.

CLANDESTINE RUNNING of UNCUSTOMED GOODS. HOVERING. COFFEE. RUM. CERTIFICATE GOODS. 5 Geo. 1. continued 9 — 2 Geo. 2. 8 — 15 — 20 — 27 — 33 — 7 Geo. 3. 14 — 21 — 28 — 33 ~ 36 — 11. by 8. s. 8. 28. s. 3. 21. s. 3. 33-47-18. 16. 35- 86. 29. 23. 40.S.2. 40. s. 12. Against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, \ and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs. ✓ 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

WOOD, TIMBER, and LUMBER. 8 Geo. 1.1 continued 16 Geo. 2. 24 — 3i — 4 Geo. 3. 12 — 19 — 26 — 33 — 36 - 12. by, 20* 57. 35' 11. 56. 22. 53-40. 40. s. 1. Giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. N. B. — By 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. s. 1. (whereby 8 GeO. 1. c. 12. was continued for a Term now past) Provision is made for the due Entry of the said Goods, and for the landing thereof in Presence of the proper Officers; but this Provision is not continued by either of the subsequent Acts, 33 Geo. 3. and 36 Geo. 3. which continued 8 Geo. 1. c. 1a. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

SILK MANUFACTURES. Vol. 51. 8 Geo. 1. continue! 11 — 2 Geo. 2. 8 — 15 " 20 — 26 — 15-1 by 29. s. 2. 28. 18. 35-45-32. For Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported j and for the Importation of all 9 D 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802 Fufs

Expiring

Laws.

Vol. 51.

746

A. 1796

12" Mail

1. ACTS prior to 8th April

SILK MANUFACTURES, continued. 32 Geo. 2. 6 Geo. 3. 14 22 — 29 — 36 — 23- 44- 86. 18. 55-40. s. 2.. Furs of the Product of the British Plantations ittto this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suit. *4 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

CLANDESTINE RUNNING of GOODS. REGULATION of COPPER. 8 Geo. 1. continuec 2 Geo. 2 8 — 15 — 20 — 21 — 27 — 33 — 7 Geo. 3. 14 — 21 — 28 — 36 — 18. by 28. 21. 33- 47- 28. 18. 16. 35. 86. 29-23-40. s. 3- To prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations, as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject. JV. B. The Clauses ef 8 Geo. i. c. 18. respecting Quarantine are not continued by the later Statutes. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

BANK of ENGLAND. 4 Geo. 2. 9- For raising One Million Two hundred Thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for . making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed. Till Redemption of sever&l Annuities established by Parliament. - f

COFFEE. 5 Geo. 2. continued 11 — >9 — 25 — 32 — 6 Geo. 3. 14 — 21 — 28 36 - 24. by 18. 25. 35- 10. 44. 86. 29- 23. 40. s. 4. For encouraging the Growth of Coffee ift His Majesty's Plantations in America, N. B — So much of 5. Geo. a c. 34. as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies in America is not continued. 24 June and END of the Next session. 4802

EAST INDIES. 5 Geo. 2. continued 13 ~ 20 — 20 Geo. 3. 29. by 18. 47-19-s. 1. For the reviving an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the " lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects, to and " from the East Indies, and for the more effectual " preventing all His Majesty's Subjects trading u thither under Foreign Commissions." 25 March and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1800-

BANKRUPTS. 5 Geo. 2. continued 9 — 16 — 24 — 31 — 4 Geo. 3. 12 — 16 — . 21 — 26 — 28 — 34 — 30. by 18. 27. 57* 8. 8. 35- 36. 47* 54- 29. 80. 24. 57* v To prevent the committing of Frauds by Bank-/ rupts. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1796

For

36 Geo. Ill

747

12° Mali.

l. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.

THAMES, LASTAGE and BALLASTAGE. 6 Geo. 2. continuec 11 — 18 — 32 — 11 Geo. 3. 23 — 35 — 29. 1 by 12. 21. 10. 8. 84. . For the better Regulation of Lastage and Bollastagei in the River Thames. ] / 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1805

1 1 " COCHINEAL and INDIGO. 7 Geo. 2. continue 14 — 20 — 27 — 33 — 7 Geo. 3. 14 — 22 — 29 — 36 - 18. d by 34* 47- 18. 16. 36. 86. »3- 55- 4°. s. 5. For the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the Free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited, " and also for the Free Importation of Indigo." t 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

SAIL CLOTH, BRITISH. 9 Geo 2. continue 13 — 24 — 31 — 4 Geo. 3. 12 — 18 r- 26 33 — 37- d by 28. 52. 36. 11. 56. 45- 53- 49- For further Encouraging and Regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom. _Y. B. — The g Geo. 2. c. 37. was amended as well as continued by 33 Geo. 3. c. 49. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

SUGARS. 12 Geo. 2. continue 17 — 24 — 31 — 4 Geo. 3. 12 — 18 — 26 — 33 — 30. id by 40. 57. 35. 12. 57-45* 53-40. s. 3. For granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's > Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built m Great Britain, and navigated according to Law. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1799

BOOKS. 12 Geo. 2. continui 20 — 27 — 33 — 7 Geo. 3. H — 22 — 29 — 36. id by 47- 18. 16. 35- 86. 13- 55*. For prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books. N- r>- — Since this Act was last continued, similar Provisions have been established by 34 Geo. 3. c. 20. s. 57. which Act is perpetual. 29 September and E N D of the NEXT SESSION. '795 799 For

RUM and SPIRITS. Vol. 51. 15,16 G. 2. continui 23 — 31 — 4 Geo. 3. 6 — 11 — 19 — 25 — 33 — 1 25. edby 26. 36. 12. 47-5«-22. 69. 40. s. 1. To impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt, lost by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane. 1. N. B. — 33 Geo. 52. c. 528. s. 52. depending on 15, 16 Geo. 2. c. 25. will expire at the same Time. 2. N. B. — Stat. 15 Geo. 2. c. 25. requires Duty to be paid in Six Months, which Time by 6 Geo. 3, c. 47. s. 4. is extended to 12 Months. 3. N. B. — By 25 Geo. 3. c. Qg. s. 7. (whereby 15,16 Geo. 2. c. 25. was continued for a Term now past) Provision is made for Rum or Spirits being entered, landed, warehoused, and Security given for the said Duties within 30 Days from the Master's Report; but this Provision is not continued by the subsequent Act 33 Geo. 3. otherwise tli&n by its simply describing the said Act 15 and lGGco. 2. as having been continued and amended by 25 Geo. 3. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION.

Expiring

Laws.

Expiring

Laws.

748 12° Mali. A. 1796.

i* ^ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.

ANNUITIES. 18 Geo. 2. 9- For granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties. Lives of Contributors or till Redemption.

N. W. PASSAGE. 18 Geo. 2. >7- For giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a N. W. Passage through Hudson's Straights to the Western and Southern Ocean of America. Till Discovery.

ANNUITIES. 19 Geo. *2. 12. For granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament. Lives of Contributors or till Redemption.

SAIL CLOTH, FOREIGN. 19 Geo. 2. continue 26 — 32 — 6 Geo. 3. M — 22 — 29 — 27. d by 32. 23- 44* 80. >3- 55- For the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first setting out to Sea to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

GOING ARMED. r 19 Geo. 2. continue 2 6 — 32 — 4 Geo. 3. 11 — 18 — 26 — 28 — 36 — 34. d by 32* 10. 12. Si-45. 80. 23-40. s. 13. For the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms in this Act mentioned, and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1802

COALS. 19 Geo. 2. continue 23 — 24 — 31 Geo. 2. 32 — 6 Geo. 3. 21 — 35. sd by 26. 57. 35- 27. 35- 34- More effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, St. Mary-le-Bone, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

LINENS. 29 Geo. 2. continue 10 Geo. 3* 19 — 27 — 28 — 31 — 33 — 35 — 36 — 1 '5* id by 38. 27. 36. 24. 43- 40. 39-40. s. 6. For granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax. N. B. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. is extended by 10 Geo. 3. c. 38 and 19 Geo. 3. c. 27. But these Two latter Acts are not continued by 35 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 36 Geo. 3. c. 40. otherwise than by their simply describing the 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. as having been continued and extended by the said Acts 10 and 19 Geo. 3. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. >797

ANNUITIES. 30 Geo. 2. 19. For granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks, and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying for a certain Time the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, and for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Annuities to be charged Lives of Contributors or till Redemption.

on

36 Geo. Ill

12" M

749

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued. Expiring

__________________________________________________________________ Laws.

ANNUITIES, continued. on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and " Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing " Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks " to Attornies and Solicitors, and also the Time " for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for " the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks fend Apprentices." - Lives of Contributors, x or till Redemption.

CULM. 31 Geo. 2. continued 13 Geo. 3. 34 — 15. by 70. 36. For the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal. 25 March and END of the NEXT SESSION. *795

RUM. 33 Geo. 2. 28. S. 2. For encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, &c. &c. N. B. — See 15,16 Geo. a. c. 25. 29 September and END of the NEXT SESSION. *799

THE KING. 1 Geo. 3. 1. For the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain. Life of the King.

THE KING. i Geo. 3. 5. To enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company. Life of the King.

THE QUEEN. 2 Geo. 3. 1. For enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive His Majesty. Life of the King and Queen, and One Year after the Queen's Death.

BANK of ENGLAND. 3 Geo. 3< ! 12. For granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties. Till Redemption of several Annuities established by Parliament.

SALT. 4 Geo. 3. continued 6 — '3 — 20 — 26 — 3i — 36 - 19. by 42. 69. *9- 53- 43- 40. 3. 7. For importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America. I 1 1 1 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. t802

HEMP and FLAX. 4 Geo. 3. continued 26 — 26. 1 by 52- 3. 12. For granting a Bounty upon the In)portation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America. 24 June. 1806

REGENCY. 5 Geo. 3. 27. To provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to' any of the Children of His Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons. The King's Life and , contingently afterwards.

SILKS and VELVETS. 6 Geo. 3* continue! 8 — 11 — *7 — 22 — 29 — 35 — 28. by 25. 49- 35- 72. 55-38. 3. 3. To prohibit the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture. 1 ! 14 June and END of the J*EXT SESSION 1802 t t

VOL. 51. g £ F©1'

750

12® Man

A, 1796.

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.

CORDAGE. 6 Geo. 3. continued 12 — 14 — 17 — 26 — 3* — 45- V 86. 44- 85. 43- For allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported. N. B. — 6 Geo. 3. c. 45. is amended by 12 Geo. 3. c. 60. and 26 Geo. 3. c. 85. and continued for a Term now past, but these Two latter Acts are not continued by 31 Geo. 3. c. 43. otherwise than by its simply describing 6 Geo. 3. c. 45. as having been continued and amended by those Acts. And 26 Geo. 3. c. 85. revives and continues so much of 6 Geo. 3. c. 45. as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage. 29 September ! and END of the 1 NEXT SESSION.! j 1 j *795

TALLOW. 7 Geo. 3. continued 10 — 13 — 16 — 19 — 22 — 26 — 29 — 32 — 35 — 12. by 8. 5- 12. 22. 20. 53-55-36. 38. s. 2. N To discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties payable,) upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard and Grease.,) 1 I 1 25 March and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1799

DUKE of GLOUCESTER. 7 Geo. 3. >9- Io enable His Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland. The Duke of Gloucester's Life.

COALS. 7 Geo. 3. continued 17 — 23- ' by >3- To prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION.! 1798

SAGO. 7 Geo. 3. continued 21 — 30. by 29- S. 2. For allowing the Free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli into this Kingdom, from His Majesty's Colonies in North America, for a limited Time. N. B. — By 36 Geo. 3. c. 3. the Free Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli is allowed from any Place whatever. 1 December 1796

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 7 Geo. 3. continued 21 — 33 — 57- 1 by 65- 52. For establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred Thousand Pounds for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies. 1 March N. B. If Three Years previous Notice given. 1814

RAW HIDES. 9 Geo. 3. continue! 14 — 21 — 27 — 32 — 36 — 39- i by 86. 29-36. 36-40. s. 14. To permit the Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majesty's Orders of Council, prohibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of infected Cattle, and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. i 1 1803

FEES. 5 Geo. 3. 10 — continue! 12 — 14 — 19 — a 3 — 34 — 45- 37‘ iby 56. 86. 22. 6 44. To continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland. 9 May and END of the NEXT SESSION ! I 1799

36 Geo. Ill

IS* Mmi.

751

> ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued. Expiring

__________________________________________________________________Laws.

LEATHER. 12 Geo. 3. continued 17 — 24 — 30 — 36 - 50. by ] 44- >9-s. 2. 18. 40. s. 8. For encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time. i Five Years i.e. 24 March l and -END of the NEXT SESSION. 801

LONGITUDE. 14 Geo. 3. continued 17 — 20 — 21 Geo. 3. 66. ] s. 2. by 48. 61. 52. for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables, and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto. t t 1 Till 5,000l. expended. i 1 i

NORTH PASSAGE. 16 Geo. 3* 6. s. 1. For giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, asi shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, ' between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and also' unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One! Degree of the Northern Pole. j Till Discovery. i

1 NORTH POLE. 16 Geo. 3. 6. s. 2. For giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as) shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, j between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One 1 Degree of the Northern Pole. 1 Till approached within One Degree. t

THE KING. 17 Geo. 3. I 21. For the better Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain. The King's Life. !

TOBACCO PIPE CLAY. 17 Geo. 3.] continuec ao — 23 — 28 — 33 — 1 43- i by *9- 6. 23. 40. a. 4. For repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule writh respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1797

ANNUITIES. 18 Geo. 3. 22. For raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery. Lives of Contributors or 30 Years from 22 December 1778. i. e ! 1S08 1

PRINCES FREDERICK, &c. PRINCESSES CHARLOTTE, Ac. »8 Geo. 3. 3i- For enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick, One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum; and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One othei Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum. The respective Lives of the Grantees after the King'i Death. 6

Vol. 51. For

752

12® M

A. 1796.

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.

EARL of CHATHAM. 18 Geo. 3* 65. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Earl to His Majesty and the Public. The Continuance of Heirs of the Body of William Earl of Chatham, &c.

ANNUITIES. 19 Geo. 3. 18. For raising a certain Sum of Money by Way, of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery. Lives of Contributors, or 29 Years from 22 December 1779* 1808

x V RUM. DRAWBACK. 19 Geo. 3. continue! 21 — 24 — 26 — 25 — 36 - 22. s. 7. by 29. 50. 50. 23. 40. s. 11. To continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages. 5 July and END of the NEXT SESSION 1801

HEMP, IRISH. 19 Geo. 3. 37. For granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time. 24 June 1800

TRANSPORTA- . TION. 1 1 1 19 Geo. 3. continued 24 - St. 2. 128 — 34 — 74. [ by 56. 24. 60. To explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders. 1 1 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION, *799

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 21 Geo. 3. continued 33 — i ! j 65* by 53-; l i For establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred Thousand Pounds for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March One Thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in respect to the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, and also for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Time, the sole and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company. 1 March N. B. If Three Years previous Notice be given. 1814

CREDITORS. SCOTLAND. 23 Geo. 3. continuec 30 — 33 — 18. by 5- 74- For rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes. 17 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1798

For

36 Geo. III.

12° Mail

753

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1703 — continued. Expiring

J ' Laws.

BUCKRAMS, LINENS, CALLICOES, COTTONS. 23 Geo. 3. 1 continued 24 — 21. by St. 2. 14. For granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irisii Buckrams and Fillettiqgs, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain. §0 long as a Bounty shall be given on the Exportation of these Articles by Irish Acte of Parliament.

AMERICAN INTERCOURSE. 23 Geo. 3. continue! 34 ~ 25 — 2(3 — 27 — 28 — 29 — 30 — 31 — 32 — 33 — 34 — 35 — 36 — 3 by St. 2. 45-5- 4-7- 5-1. 11. 13. 14. 10. 5-2 (>. 38. For preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carry-S ing on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States. N. D. 23 Geo. 3. c. 39. is extended by 24 Geo. 3. St. 2. c. 45- J 5 April 1 '797

FLAX, COTTON. 23 Geo. 3. continue! 26 — 28 — 29 — 33 — 36 - 77- by 53-23- 54-40. 40. s. 9. For the more effectual Encouragement of the Manu-) factures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. J 24 June anil END of the NEXT SESSION. 1797

Sir GEO. ELIOTT. 23 Geo. 3. 85. For settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country. The Lives of Sir George Augustus Eliott and his Son Francis AugustusEliott.

LORD RODNEY. 23 Geo. 3. 86. For settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public. The Lives of Lord Rodney and his Two next succeeding Heirs.

VEGETABLE COLOURS. I 25 Geo. 3. 38. For vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time. Fourteen Years from the passing of the Act. i. e. *799

COAL-TAR. 25 Geo. 3. 42. For vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout His Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time. Twenty Years, i. e. from First Da} of the Session, viz. 25 January 1785. 1805

DUKE of GLOUCESTER. 25 Geo. 3. 53- For settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties oi Four and One Half per Centum, in Barbadoes anc the Leeward Islands. 1 The Life of th 1 Duke of F Gloucester. 1 e

Vol. 51.

9f

To

piring

ws.

S'

754 12° MA. 1796.

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.

TOOLS and UTENSILS. 25 Geo. 3. continued 26 — 27 — 28 — 29 — 30 — 31 — 32 — 33 — 35 — 67. by 89. 36. 23. 55- 18. 44- 36. 40. 38. \ To prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas. 3 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

FISHERY, NEWFOUND- LAND. 26 Geo. 3. 26. To amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in Force,- for encouraging the Fisheries now carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting Bounties for a limited Time on certain Terms and Conditions. 1 January 1797

ANNUITIES. 26 Geo. 3. 32. For raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six. Continuance of Long Annuities and Annuities for 30 and 29 Years respectively.

GREENLAND FISHERY. 26 Geo. 3. continued 29 " 3» — 32 — 41. by 53- 43. 22. S. 1. For the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights. N. B — 96 Geo. 3. c. 41. and 99 Geo. 3. c. 53. are amended as well as continued by 32 Geo. 3. c. 92. 25 December. 1798

FISHERIES. 26 Geo. 3. continued 27 — 35 — 81. by IO. 56. s. 1. I For the more effectual Encouragement of the British [ Fisheries. J 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1797

LADY MARIA CARLTON. 26 Geo. 3. explained 28 — , 88: by 42. For settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country. Lives of Lady M. Carlton, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of Lady M. Carlton and Sir G. Carlton.

BROOK WATSON, Esq. 26 Geo. 3. explained 28 — 93- i by 43- To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office. Life of Helen Watson his Wife.

Sir JOHN SKYNNER. 27 Geo. 3. 12. To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skynner, Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office. Life of Sir John Skynner.

FRENCH GOODS. 27 Geo. 3. 13. S. 22. For repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt. N. R. — The Duties of Customs imposed by the said Act, Table C. are varied as to French Green Glass Bottles by the Act 28 Geo. 3. c. 33. s. 9. And as to Coaches and other Carriages by the same Act, s. 10. 10 May 1800

To

36 Geo. Ill

] 2° Mail

755

i. ACTS prior to 8th April 1793 — continued.Expiring

POST HORSE DUTIES. 27 Geo. 3. continuec 30 — 33 — 26. Iby 23- 7l* To enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to hire for travelling Post and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same. 1 February *797

SPIRITS. 27 Geo. 3- continuec 28 — 29 — 30 — 31 — 33 — 34 — 3». iby 46. 35* 18. 44. 40. 36. S. 2. For making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which,) the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise. J 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. '797

DUKE of SAINT ALBANS. 28 Geo. 3. 41. To enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans. 10 October 1803

SLAVE TRADE. 28 Geo. 3. continuec 29 — 30 — 31 — 32 — 33 ~ 34 — . 35 — 54- Iby 66. 33- 54. 52. 73- 80. 90. To regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and, ) carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa. > 1 August 1796

ANNUITIES. 29 Geo. 3. 41. For raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes. Lives of Nominees.

PAWNBROKERS. 29 Geo. 3.| 57. continued by 31 — 1 52. explained by 33 — 53. \For further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers. y 3 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

Dr. FRANCIS WILLIS. 30 Geo. 3. 44- To enable His Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physic. Twenty-one Years from Date of the Annuity, i. e. 1811

WILLIAM PENN, Esq. 30 Geo. 3. 46. For settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Descendants of William Penn, Esq. the original Proprietor of the Province of Pensylvania, in Consideration of the meritorious Services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his Family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy Dissentions in America. Continuance of Heirs and Descendants of William Penn.

SEAL SKINS. 31 Geo. 3. continued 32 — , 26. I by 36. s. 6. To allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty, for a limited Time. 14 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. *798

DUKE of CLARENCE. 31 Geo. 3. 34- For enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure. The King's Pleasure.

PILCHARD FISHERY. 31 Geo. 3. 4.5- For the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported. 24 June 1798

Vol. 51.

To

Expiring

Laws.

756 12° Main A. 1796.

l. ACTS piiior to 8th April 1793

DUKE and DUTCHESS of YORK. 32 Geo. 3. 13- To enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity on her Royal Highness during the Term of her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of his said Royal Highness, in case her said Royal Highness shall survive him. The Lives of the Duke of York and of the Dutchess.

NEWFOUND- LAND. 32 Geo. 3. continue* 33 — 34 — 3.5 — 36 — 46. 1 by 76. 44- 25. 37- For establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent. > J 10 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. *797

POLICE OFFICES. JUSTICES of PEACE For MIDDLESEX, &c. 32 Geo. 3. 53- For the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

YELLOW COLOUR. 32 Geo. 3. 72. For vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed. Eleven Years from 24 June 1792. i. e. 1803

WOOLLEN CLOTH. 32 Geo. 3. 73- For more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Greal Seal of Great Britain. Fourteen Years from 23 January 1792. i. e. 180G

ALIENS. 33 Geo. 3. continued 34 — 35 — 4- I by 82. 24. For establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases. 1 January and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1796

INSOLVENTS. 33 Geo. 3. 5- For the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit. Five Years from 3 December 1792. i. e. and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1797

2. ACTS

36 Geo. III.

12° Man.

757

2. ACTS SUBSEQUENT TO 8th Al»RlL 1793. Expiring

Laws.

Matter. Date. Ch. When passed. Title of the Act. Duration.

SEAMEN. 33 Geo. 3. 26. 30 April 1793- For the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels during the present War. The present War.

CORRESPON- DENCE. 33 Geo. 3. 27. 7 May 1793* More effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies. The present War.

BANK of ENGLAND. 33 Geo. 3. 30- 30 April 1793- For the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England. Till Annuities redeemed.

PRIZES, 33 Geo. 3. 34- 10 May 1793- For the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom. The present War.

ANTIGUA. PORT of ST. JOHN, 33 Geo. 3. 50. s. 2. 3 June *793- To amend an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies, &c. &c. 10 July 1797

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 33 Geo. 3. See 7 — 21 — 52. Stat. 57* 65- 11 June 1793. For Continuing in the East India Company, for a further Time, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay. 1 March N.B. If three Years previous Notice be given. 1814

GENEVA. Sir WILLIAM BISHOP, and COMPANY. 33 Geo. 3. continuer 35 — 59* s. 5- I by 89. S. 2. 17 June 1793- To continue several Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned. 5 July 1797 1802

DISTILLERIES, SCOTLAND. 33 Geo. 3. continued 36 - 6l. I by 40. s. 15- 17 June 1793* 24 March 1796. For the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time. 1 December and END of the NEXT SESSION.

PRIZES. 33 Geo. 3. 66. 17 June 1793* For the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectual manning His Majesty's Navy. The present War with France.

SHIPS. and SEAMEN. 33 Geo. 3. 67. 17 June 1793- For better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Casters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1800

LORD -RODNEY, 33 Geo. 3. See 23 Geo. 3. 77- 86. 17 June 1793- For further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public. Continuance of Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney to whom the Barony shall descend.

Vol. 51. 9 G To

758

12" Maii.

A. 1796.

a. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793 — continued.

DUCHY of CORNWALL. 33 Geo. 3 . 78. 17 June 1793- To enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Life of the Prince of Wales,

FRENCH PROPERTY. 34 Geo. 3 9- 1 March 1794. For preventing Money or Effects, in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to or disposable by Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof. The War with France. N.B. Not expressly so described in the Statute.

MILITIA. / 34 Geo. 3. i6. 28 March 1794. For augmenting the Militia. 1 January and END of the NEXT SESSION *795

GREENLAND and WHALE FISHERY. 34 Geo. 3. 22. 4 April 1794- For allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, for a limited Time. The War with France.

VOLUNTEER CORPS. 34 Geo. 3. 3'* 17 April 1794. For encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War. The War with France.

SHIPS, and ALIEN MERCHANTS, or FACTORS. 34 Geo. 3. 42. g May »794- For granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies, surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as amends the said Act. The War with France.

EMIGRANT CORPS. 34 Geo. 3. 43- 9 May 1794. To enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France, to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions. The War with France, and EN D of the NEXT SESSION.

CAMBRICKS. and FRENCH LAWNS. 34 Geo. 3. 50. 9 May »794. For repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrick or Lawns shall be imported from Ireland, until the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambricks ana French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands for a limited Time, &c. &c. &c. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1795

TRANSPOR- TATION. SCOTLAND, 34 Geo. 3. 60. s. 2. 23 May 1794- To continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as relates to the removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement. J 1 June 1 and END of the *EXT SESSION. 17 99

TANNING HIDES and SKINS. 34 Geo. 3. 63. 29 May 1794* For allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of tanning Hides and Skins. Duration of Letters Patent.

For

36 Geo. Ill

12° Ma il

159

2. ACTS SUBSEQUENT TO 8th APRIL 1703 — Continued. Expiring

Laws.

FRENCH ISLANDS. 34 Geo. 3. 71* 11 June 1794- For supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in His Majesty's Possession, with the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands. The War with France, and Six Months afterwards.

FRENCH PROPERTY. 34 Geo. 3. 79- 7 July 1794. For more effectually preserving Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects belonging to or disposable by Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof. The War with France. N. B. No specified Duration expressed; but see34 Geo. 3. c. 9.

DUTCH PROPERTY. 35 Geo-3. 15- 16 Mar. 1795- For rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused; and for Indemnifying all Persons who have acted in consequence of such Orders. The present War. N. B. Not expressly so described in the Statute.

MACKAREL. 35 Geo. 3. 54- 5 May *795- For the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1797

KILN or OVEN. 35 Geo. 3. 68. 19 May 1795- For vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right Honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes. 1 January 1816

DUTCH PROPERTY. 35 Geo. 3. 80. 22 May 1795- To make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom. The present War. N.B. No specified Duration expressed, but see 35 Geo. 3. e.15.

SOUTHERN WHALE FISHERIES. 35 Geo. 3. 92. 22 June 1795- For further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries. 1 January 1799

IMPERIAL LOAN. 35 Geo. 3. 93- 22 June 1795. For guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred Thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany. Till Re-imbursement of the Loan.

CHINA WARE. 35 Geo. 3- 98. 22 June 1795- For allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the First Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five. Five Years from 1 April 1795. i. e. 1800

SILK, FLAX, and FLAX SEED. 35 Geo. 3. continue)] 36 _ 100. 1 by 4. 22 June 1795. 23 Nov. 1795- For permitting the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time. Thirty Days after - -Commencement of next Session subsequent to 23 Nov. 1795. v i* e. 1-96

SUGAR. VOL 51.

35 Geo. 3. 110. 26 June 1795- To amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and The present War. ( Coffee

760

12® M

A. 1796

2. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793 — continued

SUGAR continued. 35 Geo. 3 110. 26 June 1795- Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships. The present War.

GLASS. 35 Geo. 3. 114 26 June 1795- For better securing the Duties on Glass. 5 July 1797

EAST INDIA COMPANY. 35 Geo. 3. ii5- 26 June 1795- For allowing, for a limited. Time, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British Built, nor registered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions. The present War, and Eighteen Months afterwards.

RAPE SEED, and other SEEDS for OIL. 35 Geo. 3. continued 36 - I 117. by 40] s. 10.J 26 June 1795-24 March 1796. For allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit. 24 June and END of the NEXT SESSION 1797

DISTILLERIES STOPPED. MELASSES, SUGAR, POTATOES. 35 Geo. 3. continued 36 — 119. by 20. 26 June 1795* 24 Dec. 1795. To prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty. K.B. — 36 Geo. 3. c. 20. s. 2. extends 35 Geo. 3. c. 119. to Distillation from Melasses, Sugar, or Potatoes. 1 February 1797

SMALL DEBTS in SCOTLAND. 35 Geo. 3. 123. 26 June 1795- For the more easy and expeditious Recovery of small Debts and determining small Causes arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 1 June and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1800

PRINCE of WALES. 35 Geo. 3. 129. 27 June 1795- For enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of his said Royal Highness; for making Provision out of his Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from his Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues. Joint Lives of the King and the Prince of Wales.

PRINCESS of WALES. 35 Geo. 3. 130- 27 June 1795- For the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of her Life. Life of the Princess of Wales.

MALT TAX. 36 Geo. 3. 1. 23 Nov. 1795- For continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six. 24 June *797

LAND TAX. 36 Geo. 3. 2. 23 Nov. , 1795- For granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six. 2 5 March »797

CORN, POTATOES, PROVISIONS, MEAL, FLOUR. j6 Geo. 3. 3- 23 Nov. 1795- To prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, 5 and Potatoes; and to permit the Importation of Corn and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty. AT. B. — This appears to have superseded 35 Geo. 3. c. 4. N. B. — See 7 Geo. 3. c. 30. entered above. >ix Weeks from beginning of the next Session of Parliament, i. e. 1796

To

36 Geo. III.

12* M

761

J. ACTS subsequent to 8th April 1793 — continued. Expiring

LBW6>

STARCH, HAIR POWDER, BLUE. 36 Geo. 3. 6. I Dec. 1795. To prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food, and for lowering the Duties on the Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof. 1 February 1797

THE KING and GOVERNMENT. 36 Geo. 3. 7- 18 Dec. 1795. For the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts. The King's Life.

SEDITIOUS MEETINGS. 36 Geo. 3. 8. 18 Dec. 1795- For the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies. Three Years i. e. and END of the NEXT SESSION. 1798

WHEAT INDIAN CORN, RYE. 36 Geo. 3. 21. 24 Dec. 1795. For allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery of the same out of Warehouses for Home Consumption. N. B. — Amended by 36 Geo. 3. c. 56. 15 October 1796

MUTINY. 36 Geo. 3. 24. 24 Dec. 1795- For punishing Mutiny and Desertion: and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. N. B. — The Duration of this Act is different for different Places; viz. [ 25 March < 1 May [25 March 1797 1797 >798

MARINE MUTINY. 36 Geo. 3. 28. 7 March 1796. For the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. 25 March 797

INNKEEPERS. 36 Geo. 3. 36. 7 March 1796. For increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 25 March 797

MILITIA. 36 Geo. 3. 41. 24 March 1796. For defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six. 25 March 797

INDEMNITY. 36 Geo. 3. 57. 26 April 1796. To indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes j and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose. 25 December 6 N 0 mber 1 September 1796 1796 1796

BALTIC STORES. Vol. 51. 36 Geo. 3. 58. S. 2. 26 April 1796. To continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States. 9H 5 April Oj 797 ndered\

762

12" Mali.

A. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill respecting the registering of certain Ships, passed.

An ingrossed Bill for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry to certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered, according to the existing Laws in that Behalf, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry to, certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered, according to the existing Laws in that Behalf.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Re-committed Bill for xllowingCosts in Cases of Misdemeanors, &c. reported,

Information when the Georgiana Pacquet sailed, ordered.

Mr. Sabatier's Bill, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker Major do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, was re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Henniker Major accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Information on what Day the Georgiana Pacquet, having on Board their new Regulations and Instructions, relative to the Military Officers in their Service, sailed from England.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in William Sabatier, Gentleman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method of retaining Cotton throughout the British Settlements in the East Indies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the East India Company to perform an Engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier, Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton from the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the last in^Sugarf" Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an passed. '" Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign

" of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment " of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for " permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships;"

" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act made in the last Sesssion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act,

" made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the " Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships ;" and " for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported " in any other than British Ships."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein Second Ex-mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the P\I?n8 La'"'f making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the en- 1 ' pass£ couraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of made

Cordage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of made Cordage.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root Arrow Root from the British Plantations and also of ®n(J

_ C RKW c£.0

Linseed Cakes from any Foreign Country, in any Ships importation British-built, without Payment of Duty,- was read the Bill, passed. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes, and Rape Cakes from any Foreign Country, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobai't do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy, Vic-certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, was read trailing, and the Third Time. r-iTT*1 _

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ties^iu",1*1" be, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain passed. Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to ex-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to emPl Dairies, exempt Dairies and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying, Cheese and Butter, from the Duties, re-Duties on Windows and Lights, was committed, the ported. Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in

36 Geo. III. 12° Matt.

763

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Consolidated Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from re^rted^' Committee of the whole House, to whom the

rep° for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money

out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill to enforce Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the due Exe- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the cution of Act jjij tQ enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed MetTfo^the *n ^ie I034 Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Navy, re- " Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the

ported. " several Counties in for the Service of His Majesty's Navy," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he - read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. , from

and Minutes the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the ster Bridge" ^‘ver Thames from the City of Westminster to the Commission- opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at ers, pre- the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

sented. to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

One Year's Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 5th of January 1795 to the 5th of January 1796; and also, the Minutes of their Proceedings for the same Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Book, containing the said Accounts and Minutes, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve on Quaker's itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Relief Bill. further of the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 51.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, repoted from the DogTax Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reP°rted imposing certain Duties on Dogs, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons to compound for Hounds, on Payment of a certain Sum.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and The Lords Mr. Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marshland Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, Drainage dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and ciosure"&c. Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Bill.

Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lincoln Poor Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Bill, of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Swansea to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in Lighthouse the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for re- ' pairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ufford In-Act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the Open closure Bill. Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Million Bank for dissolving a certain Partnership, Society, or Under- Betaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An EastBridg-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, fordinciosure Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other a?

uninclosed Amendment-

764

12° — 13" Maii. A. 1796.

Bill for a Grant of Lands for carrying into Execution the Lancaster Canal Act, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Mrs. Hasting's Nat. Bill.

Bill, read.

uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of His Dutchy of Lancaster, to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable " Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near " Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg, and also another

" Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by u Chorley, to or near Duxbur in the said County " Palatine of Lancasterwith an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Marian Hastings; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

idefor the Beading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and Families of amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Militia Men, present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide passed. " for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes " serving the rein, and to explain and amend an Act of " Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws " relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain " called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Relief of the Families of Non-commissioned Officers reduced to the Ranks.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out the Words " in consequence of " Misbehaviour."

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the said Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of " Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of " this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein, " and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament,

" passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and " reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws " relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain u called England."

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {£; " 46.

Tellers for.be Noes,; } 48.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" and inserting the Words " upon this " Day Three Months " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 54-

Tellers for the Noes, , } 53-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

And the Members being equal, Mr. Speaker said.

That he would not, by his Vote, preclude the House from again considering the Bill in Question; and therefore he declared himself with the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Col- Rat Duty lection of the Duty on Hats, be read the Third Time Bill, deferred. Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committee solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Bill for consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast oj-siYves. 6 of Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Maii;

Anno 36" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1796.

Rill for grant- The Order of the Day being read, for the Third ing a Duty Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to to Realms-0" His Majesty a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, in tatts, de- certain Cases;

terred.

Prayers.

MR. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Nottingham whom the Bill for raising, maintaining, and ^®(^tand keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of Bridge* Bill,

the reported.

36 Geo. III.

13° Man.

765

the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South End of the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon

Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in flapping; and also, the several Petitions which have been presented in Favour of the said Bill,

the said Road as may be necessary to carry oft* the were severally referred; That the Committee had en-

Flood Water, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords

Amendment to Bill for a Grant of Lands for carrying into Execution the Lancaster Canal Act, agreed to.

quired into the Matter to them referred, and had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be suflicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, take the Matter of the said Report into Consideration.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. — A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from Information

To be considered next Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of His Dutchy of Lancaster, to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of the Directors of the East India Company, attended at when the

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West 11 Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Berwick, to or near Warton " Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, " at, or near. Gale Moss, by to or near Dux-

" bury, in the said County Palatine of ."

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; vis.

After " Dutchy " insert " Saving

Pr. 7. 1. 2.

always to all and every Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Dutchy of Lancaster) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, which they or any of them could or ought to have bad and enjoyed in, to, or out of, the Lands and Grounds here-

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented p^uet"1 to the House, pursuant to their Order, sailed, pre-

A Paper, intituled, " Information on what Day the sented.

" Georgiana Pacquet, having on Board the East India " Company's new Regulations and Instructions, relative to the Military Officers in their Service, sailed " from England."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Relief of Stock Holders.

c<

Report from Committee

tion for the Trade, Ac. of the Port of London.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 011 Bilt lor ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him by authorized to be granted to report the same to the House, without any A mend -to the said Company of Pro- ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's prietors, in case this Act had Table.

" not been made." And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to

the House. the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill agreed to the same, without any Amendment, to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Hat Duty Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Collection Bill passed of the Duty on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to give Credit to persons paying the Duty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be mttde Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added

9 I to

Bill passed.

hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, .„ appointed to enquire into the best Mode of provid-Tccommoda- *n8 sufficient Accommodation for the increased Trade

and Shipping of the Port of London, and who were empowered to report the Evidence, as it should appear to them, together with their Observations thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; and to whom the several Petitions which have been presented to this House against the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Vot.51.

766

13° Mail

A. 1796.

to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for permitting licensed Dealers in Hats, to sell to other licensed Dealers Hats without stamped Linings for the Purpose of their selling

the same again.

Pr. 21. 1. 19.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

To leave out " July" and insert " August" instead thereof.

To leave out " July," and insert " August" instead thereof.

To leave out " July" and insert " August " instead thereof.

After " same" to insert " and."

To leave out " July" and insert " August" instead thereof.

To leave out " July," and insert " August " instead thereof.

To leave out " July," and insert " August" instead thereof.

To leave out " unlined."

After " aforesaid," to insert " or " in stamping the same."

To leave out " passing of this. Act," and insert " said Fifth Day of " August One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-six" instead thereof.

To leave out " July," and insert " August "instead thereof.

To leave out " by the Authority " aforesaid."

posed to be made t

Pr. 1. 1. 22.

Pr. 3- 1. 2.

1. 24.

Pr. 6. 1. 32.

Pr. 7- 1. 5*

Pr. 8. 1. 5*

I. 40.

Pr. 9- I. 3-

Pr. 10. 1. 2 0.

Pr. 11. 1. 10.1

and >

ii.J

Pr. 12. 1. 31.

Pr. 14. 1. 6.1

and >

1. 7-J

27.

1. 29.

" Persons " to

To leave out from " to" in 1. 29.

After " export," to insert " from " the lawful Quays in the lawful " Hours, and in the Manner " herein directed."

1. 35. To leave out from "directed" to " And," in Pr. 15.1. 4.

To leave out from " the " to " Tenth," in 1. 20.

1. 21. To leave out "and."

1. 22. After "April" to insert " and the " Fifth Day of July."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in- ^Fas^Brid1-tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open fordEnclosure Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, Bill, agreed and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the to-Manor or Lordship, and Parish of, East Bridgford, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 38. After " invested " insert " with."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account of Command,

An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1794, compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Charge of Ordnance Office for 1794, pre-. sented.

As

1

g

(n\

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

FT

CIQ

Ax ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1794, compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said Year, viz*.

LAND SERVICE:

Ordinary:

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c.

r

North Britain Gibraltar -Jamaica

Pay of Civil Officers and I Artificers at

Antigua

St. Christopher Dominica -Barbadoes -St. Vincent

Grenada

Tobago

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec ——

Halifax -

Annapolis ——

New Brunswick ——

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland ——

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London....

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain £1 Ordinary Repairs -

Carried forward -

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended.

£. s. d. £. a. d. £. s. d.

13,622 12 6 13,192 10 2 430 2 4

554 10 — 437 7 11 117 2 1

1,381 7 6 1,270 15 7 110 11 11

273 15 ~ 271 9 6 256

584 458 15 — 125 5 —

584 440 11 — 143 9 ~

584 516 1 7 67 18 5

584 584

584 501 14 6 82 5 6

c» ! 1 1 415 3 9 168 16 3

584 395 5 — 188 15 —

219 — — 219

861 15 — > 861 15 —

680 10 — 680 10 —

91 5- 91 5 —

629 12 6 629 12 4 2

693 10 — 693 10 —

3,416 17 6 3,120 13 2 296 4 4

18,000 — - — 22,233 6 11 -

15,000 14,872 10 10 127 9 2

j 59,5111 15 — 61,885 17 3 1,860 4 8

Exceedings.

£. s.

4,233 6 n

4,233 6 11

03

Ci

O

O.

o

f*'

Ci

y 3

n

Bro* forward -

Furnishing and Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Forts, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ----- -....

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower.- -

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery -

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery - -

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -Pay of Draughtsmen -

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, &c.

Fees at the Exchequer, &c. ——

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

CT

o

EXTRAORDINARIES:

Newfoundland:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at St. John's and Placentia -

For a Supply of Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, sent ——

Carried forward - - - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved.

£. j. d.

59>5i2 15 —

4,379 4 7

2,000 ——

12,282 5 —

170,811 — 61

8,5^8 1.5 ?J

64,957 6 5*1

6.644 5 -- /

2,327 *5 — 2,488 2 6

20,720 17 9 2,216 10 —

4,807 9 81

2.2 4 1 /

5,139 9 3

367,428 — 4

Charge of the Office of Ordnance.

£. s. d.

61,88517 3

4,379 4 7

2,000 —

12,135 5 —

179,32916 1

52,53519 2

2,32715 —

2,384 8 2

20,720 17 9 2,216 10 —

5,439 9 10 5,139 9 3

350,494 12 1

Sums unexpended.

£. S. <L

1,860 4 8

147 ——

19,065 12 3

103 14 4

21,176 11 3

Exceeding*.

£. s. d. 4,233 6 11

9161

4,243 3 —

768 13° Mali. A. 1796.

Bro' forward

c

Or

Nova Scotia: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

For building a Powder Magazine -

For Stores sent ——

o

CQ

N

CD

Q_

CT

New Brunswick: For Current Service, and Contingencies

0

Quebec:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

For Small Arms, and other Stores, sent

Upper Canai>a: For Current Service, and Contingencies -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers

Bermuda:

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For a Supply of Stores -

Bahama Islands: For Current Service, and Contingencies

For a Supply of Stores -

n

Carried forward - -

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended.

£. s. d. 367,428 — 4 £. d. 350,494 12 1 £. s. .«/. 21,176 11 3

3,000 1 1,129 *4 9/ 2,810 5 4 1,319 9 5

4,000 - 4,000

667 5 9 667 5 9

3,381 13 7 1,394 12 6 1,987 1 1

5,000 — \ 5-97 ij 3,994 5 4 i,335 1 9

13,219 1 6 13,219 1 6

2,000 - _ 2,000 — —

1,924 1 81 1,005 15 UJ - 2,929 3 10

1,009 - 567 17 10 432 2 2

1,000 - - - 1,000

2,199 3 3 2,794 4 6

1,500 ' 37i 18 — 1,128 2 —

408,783 10 1 376,314 2 10 37,307 11 6

Exceedings.

£. S. d.

4,243 3

595 3

4,838 4 3

g3©

s

g.fr

? E

36 Geo. III. 13° Ma

Bro' forward

Jamaica:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - -

For an additional Story to the Naval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the Navy ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

Antigua:

For Current Service, and Contingencies

St. Christopher: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

Dominica:

For Current Service, and Contingencies

Barbadoes: For Current Service, and Contingencies -

D

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr <

St. Vincent:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Grenada:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Tobago t

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Ordnance and Stores, captured by His Majesty's Forces ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers, for Service of the Islands in general

Carried forward - -

o

o

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exoeedings.

£. s. 408,783 10 1 £. s. d. 376,314 2 10 £. s. d. 37,307 11 6 £. d. 4,83 8 4 3

2,000 1 2,310 6 11J 1,024 18 8 3,285 8 3

375' 1 8 . 375 8

2,000 2,000

4,000 1 2,4S2 13 9/ 1,440 — 7 5,042 13 2

4,000 1 2,470 18 5/ 4,100 13 11 2,370 4 6

4,000 1 2,362 2 — J 4,79i 3 9 1,770 18 3

6,125 8 ill i»999 15 5 J 8,125 4 4

4,000 1 1,415 — 1 4.713 6 9 701 13 4

4,000 1 105 18 if 3,471 16 1 724 2 —

4,000 1,349 18 2 2,650 1 10

4,034 11 3 4,034 11 3

1,924 1 81 222 4 ;a / ' 847 1,299 5 9

462,901 12 4 410,212 16 4 57,527 — 3 4,838 4 3

770 13° Man. A. 1796.

Bro* forward

o

o>

St. Domingo;

Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers attending a Train of Artillery; also on Account of Contingencies ? ....

To the Captors of Port au Prince, and the Forts and Batteries in the Vicinity thereof, for Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores captured by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea, under the Command of General Whyte and Admiral Ford; also for Ordnance and Stores, captured at Cape Nicola Mole....

Corsica:

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores sent Paid on Account of Contingencies ——

For Ordnance and Stores, captured by His Majesty's Forces in the said Island

Gibraltar:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers, for Works, Contingencies, and Current Service, also for Timber and Building Materials sent for the Works ——

D

CQ‘

r — H

N'

CD

CL

cr

n

O

Fqy the Purchase of sundry Plots of Ground on the Esplanade * ----- For a Supply Pf Stores sent for the Garrison ....

Jersey:

Towards fortifying St. Hillier's Hill - - - .

For the Purchase of Lands, D* - ....

For Works, Repairs, and Contingencies ——

e? Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

r*i

§ For Powder, Small Arms, Bedding for the Troops, and other Stores sent -

ft

Carried forward - -

Grants by Parliament, and Suras reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. */. f. s. £. d. £. s. <1.

462,90112 4 410,212 16 4 57,527 — 3 4,838 4 3

5,000 — 939 9 6 4,060 10 6

26,918 5 6 26,918 5 6

19,058 6 10 19,058 6 10

4U 19 7 411 19 7

31,939 3 4 31,939 3 4

39,423 13 7l 5,423 14 lj 39,362 1 5 5.485 6 3

iH'68 15 — - 1,668 15 —

21,265 4 7\ >3, S"4 3 2/ 35,139 7 9

4,000 mm ~ m m 4,000

1,000 - 1,0C0

4,000 1 347 1 3/ 2,775 9 8 i,573 11 7

<0 1 t-t O 962 — 10

12,322 5 9 12,322 5 9 -

650,516 5 10 580,039 6 6 j i 75,315 3 7 4,83s 4 3

CjC

Oi

o

o

-4

Cfi

ft ¥

o

c

C-

s?

G»

Bro* forward - -

' Guernsey:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island ....

c

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

For Bedding sent for the Troops ——

For Bedding sent for the Troops

Repairs and Current Service

Alderney:

Isle of Man:

D

Scotland:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies

NORTH EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Repairs of the Wharfing of the Garrison Embankment at Hull - -

Landguard Fort:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies....

Carried forward -

<i a.

og

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. </. 650,516 5 £. s. d. 580,039 6 6 £. s. d. 75,315 3 7 £. d. 4,838 4 3

4,000 "1 435 1 3/ 962 — 10 884 12 6 2,769 1 10 962 — 10 884 12 6 1,665 19 5

554 H 8' 554 *4 8

1,000 69 8 4 930 11 8

9,839 3 5 9,853 12 5 . 14 9 "

2,000 1 1-339 6 9/ 1,506 19 11 1,832 6 10

2,567 ly 10 2,567 19 10

2,000 1,554 16 9 445 3 3

676,099 5 1 598,194 13 9 I 82,757 4 7 4,852 13 3

772 13° 1796.

Carried forward

Landguahu For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

o

o»

Cinque Ports: For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

Bro' forward

Chatham:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockharnwood, and Howness, Current Service, and Contingencies -

For Repairs of the Lines - - -.....-

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Sheerness:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

to

r

For Repairs of the Works

Gravesend and Tilbury:

For Repairs of the Buildings

►0

o

SB

H

CO

a

o

c

H

X

Feversham:

Carried forward

- -

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. . rf. £.s. d.

676,099 5 1 598,194 13 9 82,757 4 7 4,852 13 7

4,000 1 1,264 — 2J 4,238 11 5 1,025 8 9

9>°75 »8 4l 4,090 10 if 7,504 1 6 5,662 6 11

1,000 i,473 2 11 - 473 2 11

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8

3,000 3,000

3,000 3,000

4,000 1 761 11 4/ 4,761' 11 4 -

708,215 6 8 624,096 2 7 89.445 — 3 ,5,325 16 2

oy

O

w

o

Bro* forward

Portsmouth:

For Repairs of old Works, and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division ——

For necessary Repairs to complete and improve the old Works round the Town -

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort ——

For inclosing the Dock ——

For Repairs of Lump's Battery ——

For Repairs of Eastney Battery ——

For re-building South Sea Castle ——

For building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of the Navy ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -.

For the Sea Wall at Haslar Hospital - -

To continue the Sea Wall from the Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Moncton -

For erecting a Powder Magazine, making a Cistern, and laying Platforms at Fort Moncton -

Gosport:

D

cq'

For Repairs of Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital -For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, Weevil, and Priddy's Hard -

N

CD

Q_

For Repairs at Blockhouse Fort -

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines ----- For the Purchase of Ground of Mr. Pritchard, near the Lines at Priddy's Hard -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

cr

o

o

Carried forward - - - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved.

£. s. d. 708,215 6 8

3,681 18 4

1.500 -

3.500 -

4,039 7 —

i,97» '3 — 3,232 — 7

5.000 -

3>9Sl 12 9

1.924 1 8

1,992 16 11

1.000 ----- --y

7S(> 11 4/

4,085 ——

2,455 ——

350 ----- --1

822 15 2/

301 7 n

1,298 ——

624 9 —

1.924 1 8

752,746 2 —

2. S-

n p

» 3

Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedingg.

£. s. £.s. d. £. s. d.

624,096 2 7 3,681 18 4 89,445 — 3 5,325 16 2

716 16 *3 3,342 14 11 783 3 9 157 5 1

4,121 9 4 i,97i 13 — 3,232 — 7 5,000 82 2 4

1,924 1 8 3,981 12 9

1,282 9 1 1,151 3 3 1,992 16 11 504 2 3 2,933 16 9 2,455

360 6 8 812 8 6 361 7 11

1,410 17 9 1,924 1 8 624 9 — 112 17 9

644,012 1 6 114,254 16 9 5,520 16 3

CO

o

H*

<0

Oi

m

<1

o

p

c*

Bro* forward -

Plymouth:

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines ——

For Magazines and Canal at Keyham Point -

For a Storehouse and Redoubts on the Heights of Maker ——

To complete the Repairs of the Lines round the Dock - -

For Repairs at the Citadel, St Nicholas Island, and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

Lyme Regis:

For Repairs of the Damages done to the Cobb at Lyme Regis, by the violent Storm which happened on 24th and 25th January 1792 -

D

eg;

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

FT

53

o

Woolwich:

Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters, and for Contingencies -

For erecting Barracks for Officers and Men of the Royal Horse Artillery, and additional Storehouses and Stables - -- --.....-

For re-building the Wharf ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -.-

Royal Laboratory:

w

g For the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

w

so

X

H

a

w

Carried forward -

Grants bj Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Excee dings.

£. & d. £. s. d. £. d % £. j.

753>746 2 — 644,012 1 6 114,25416 9 5,520 16 3

7,060 — 8 7,078 10 10 ..... 18 10 2

170 9 8 170 9 8

17 — 532 2 3 37914 9

2,258 10 9 543 8 9 1,985 2 —

3,i34 7 — 1,406 13 9 i,727 13 3

408 7 1 - r* OO C

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8

9,802 5 — 3,383 19 11 6,418 5 i

964 36 3 9) 3 7J 5,588 13 a - 4,588 5 10

34,493 7 5 34,493 7 5

3,230 a — - 3,230,2 —

1,924 i 8 1,924 1 8

8,350 — 8,350

827,683 19 3 709,237 — 11 128,57410 7 10,127 12 3

CO

a>

O

w

o

2.1 o' p

p g

Gi

Rotherhithe:

Bro* forward

For the Purchase ol Lands and Tenements for Workshops

For Repairs of Buildings

Waltham Abbet:

Shipping:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons

Defence of the Coasts:

Repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence; also, for the Purchase of Ground for that Purpose -

Works at

Dover and Hythe -

Sheerness

Torbay

Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores ——

For providing temporary Barracks for the Troops on the Coasts; with Bedding for the same ——

Carried forward

Q

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. 827,683 19 3 £. s. d. 709,237 — 11 £. s. d. 128,574 10 7 £. s. d. 10,127 12 3

7,160 7,160

4,oooo 1 73 2 7/ 4,073 2 7 ,

4.936 16 — . 4,936 16 —

19,348 12 6 10,331 19 1 5,212 1 6 2,500 8,067 16 5 19,830 11 — 19,348 12 6 10,331 19 1 5,212 1 6 2,506 8,067 16 5 19,837 7 n 6 16 11

909,144 18 4 785,768 — 11 »33,5ii 6 7 10,134 9 2

716 13° Mail

Bro‘ forward

o

Oi

Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers:

For Contingencies of Artillery ——

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing, for Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing, for the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery in Great Britain ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing, for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain ——

For the Purchase of Horses, Levy Money, Arms, and Accoutrements, Gun Carriages, Ammunition, and Baggage Waggons, Forge Carts, and Harness, for the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery ——

o

(Q*

r — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Royal Military Artificers, in Barracks in

vo Great Britain - - ' r ——

Pay of a Corps of Captain Commissaries, and Drivers, attached to the Parks of Artillery Serving in England, and of a Staff Establishment for Bdt Horses for each Regiment of Foot, at present serving in England -

Pay of the Royal Irish Artillery in the Service of Great Britain ——

Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Artillery in the Service of Great Britain; also Levy Money, Arms, and Accoutrements for the same - - - . - -

For the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Horses, — Pay of Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, attending the Battalion Guns and Trains of Artillery in England; also, on Account of

-tj Contingencies ——

w

o

w Carried forward - -

H

Vi

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of I Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. 909,144 18 4 £. s. d. 785,768 — 11 £. s. d. i33,5n 6 7 £. s. d. 10,134 9 2

6.000 — — 2.000 — — i 9,914 15 2 - 1,914 15 2

8,185 1 4'| i,943 19 2J 10,129 — 6

1,768 14 — 1 328 1 10/ i,735 4 10 561 11 —

34,483 1 10,638 11 6) 28,997 17 9 16,123 13 9

3,4i3 1 2 3,413 1 2

21,203 12 10 5,399 4 — 15,804 8 10

i3,i53 14 — 1 410 15 SJ 6,796 9 — 6,768 — 8

10,678 9 — 3,411 811 7,267 — 1

50,000 1 59,?3l 5 ! / 56,036 11 2 33,784 13 11

‘ i, H3,373 3 911,601 13 5 213,820 14 10 12,049 4 4

9 s

o

<T>

36 Geo. III. 13° Mail 777

Bro* forward

Regiments of Foot:

For supplying Worms, Turnscrevvs, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain

Purchase of Bit Horses, Pack Saddles, and other Articles; also, for the Hire and Forage of Bat Horses ——

Flanders:

Purchase of Horses for the Train of Artillery; Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies

Pay of a Military Corps of Commissary Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drivers, serving with the Royal Artillery in the Low Countries; also, Levy Money for the same

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Military Artificers .....-

Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, attending a Train of Artillery; also, on Account of Contingencies -

o

o

00

C)

Expedition under the Command of Sir Charles Grey:

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, attending a Train of Artillery; also, on Account of Contingencies ——

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn by Order of the Commander in Chief of the Expedition, for the Value of Ordnance and Stores, captured at the Islands of Martinico and St. Lucia ——

Carried forward

s'i

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. i,i»3.373 3 ii £. s. d. 911,601 13 5 £. s. d. 213,820 14 10 £. d. 12,049 4 4

2,215 8 — 2,215 8 —

26,958 7 10 26,958 7 10

81,417 10 3 81,417 10 3

7,546 14 — 3.848 3 4l 1,471 1 Sj 2,276 4 4 7,546 14 — 3,043 — 8

18,000 10,279 4 n 7,720 15 1

23,616 2 2) 2,835 ii — / 26,557 19 3 - 106 6 1

86,613 1 6 64,504 19 11 22,108 1 7

1.367,895 3 8 1,125,811 7 11 254,239 6 2 12,155 10 5

oo

s:

o'

f<

o>

Bro' forward - -

For Small Arms .....-

For Stores ——

For Salt Petre - -- --....

Grants 1794.....701,736 3 8

Unprovided.....1,135,724 7 7

Sums reserved - 400,412 2 —

Total Land Service, carried forward -

N. B. The Sums reserved for completing the several Services for which they were voted in former Years, are in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. £. j. </. «y» d* £. s. d.

i, 367.895 3 ® 1,125,811 7 11 254,239 6 2 12,155 10 5

129,59a 13 — 90,138 a 4J 491,059 8 2"] 136,589 19 — J 22,597 7 1 197,679 11 5 43,4o8 7 5 22,597 7 1 22,051 3 11 197,240 19 9

2,237,872 13 3 i,776,496 13 10 473,531 9 1° 12,155 10 5

36 Geo. III. 130 Mem. 779

2 S3 ® 3

D

cq‘

— h

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

ft

Total Land Service, bro‘ forward - -SEA SERVICE.

Salaries and Rents ... Halifax -Jamaica -

Antigua....

Kinsale -

Contingencies of the Royal Laboratory

Ordnance and Stores.

Making Powder -

Freight -

Repairs of Buildings -

Incidents at the several Out Ports -

Salt Petre -

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved.

£. s. d. 2,237,872 13 3

Total Sea Service Total Land and Sea Service

a

cn

M

50

H

> — i

O

55

Note. — That besides the above Grants, the following Sums have been received by the Treasurer; viz.

On his Voluntary Account Cash received to vacate Imprests

321,387 9

y

321,387 9 —

2,559,260 2 3

LAND.

£. s.

2,845 19 8

650 -

3,495 19 8

Charge of the Office of Ordnance.

£. s. d. 1,776,496 13 10

13,192 10 —

9°4 9 1 1

3,526 6 9

CO 10 —

681 2 7

9,544 2 4

205,908 3 10

22,431 10 10

14,890 3 5

5,29° 17 8

37,820 14 2

12,000 — —

327,668 11 6

2,104,16$ 5 4

SEA.

£. s. d.

6,281 2 6

6,281 2 6

Sums unexpended.

- £. s. d.

473,531 9 10

Exceedings.

£. s. d.

i2, J55 10 5

473,531 9 10

6,281 2 6

18,436 12 11

00

O

o

CO

Oi

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1794-

t n r

s.

d.

CJ

C

o

C*

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

O"

as

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1794. LAND SERVICE.

The Total Sums unexpended, as per Account, amount to -

Of which the following Sums unexpended may be applied in Discharge of Exceedings, viz.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c. f North Britain Gibraltar Jamaica Antigua St. Christopher Dominica

Pay of Civil Officers and /

Artificers at

St. Vincent ——

Grenada....

Tobago ——

vNew Brunswick -Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners -Ordinary Repairs ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers -

Pay of Draughtsmen - -

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Military Artificers in Flanders

£. 8. d.

430 2 4

117 2 1

110 11 11

2 5 6

125 5 —

143 9 —

67 l8 5

82 5 6

168 16 3

188 15

— — 2

296 4 4

127 9 2

103 14

3,043 —

4

8

Sums to be reserved for the Services for which they were voted

Total Sums unexpended as above ——

Add the Voluntary Account ——

473,531 9 1°

3,495 19 8

Total Exceedings

477,027 9 6 12,155 10 5

Total Amount unexpended ——

Balance exceeded — Land Service

SEA SERVICE.

The Total Exceedings amount to The Voluntary Account amounts to

6.281

6.281

2

2

Balance exceeded, 31 st December 1793. Balance exceeded, 31st December 1794

Office of Ordnance, 12th May 1796.

J. Sargent,

Clerk of the Ordnance,

£.s.

473,531 9 i°

5,153 19 8

468,377 10 2

464,871 19

3,505 11 »

1,332 5 3

4,837 16 4

00

36 Geo. III. 13° Mail

King's Consent to Len-ton and Radford Inclosure Bill.

Consolidated Fund Bill, passed.

Dog Tax

Bill, passed.

Bill for granting a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, put off foi 3 Months.

Bill for making Allowances to Militia Officers, passed.

Bill for allowing Costs in Cases of Misdemeanors, &CQ. passed.

782 13° M A. 1796.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon Monday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for imposing certain Duties on Dogs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Succession to Real Estates, in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Three Months.

An ingrossed Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace. *

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of the Court, in Cases of Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cases of Felony, and also, for allowing Costs, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants, and also, to empower Courts to pass Sentence conditionally, in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for allowing Costs, at the Discretion of the Court, in certain Cases of Misdemeanors and Vagrancy.

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker Major do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares,- and Merchandize, without the presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year ,of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners " of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm " the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on " Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by " Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by Weight; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Farrington, in the County of Hereford', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the City of London; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew".

An

The Lords have agreed to

Bill respecting the landing of Goods, &c.

Bill for continuing Act for farming Duties on Post Horses.

Morton, Walkerith, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill.

Bill for repealing Duties on Glove Licences.

Foreign Melasses Importation Bill.

Black Lead Duty Bill.

Mahogany Duty Bill.

T&rrington

InclosureBilL

Stoke Rochford Inclosure Bill.

St. Martin s Outwich Church Bill

13° Mail.

783

Bill to exempt Dairies, &c. from Window Duties, passed.

Bill to enforce the due Execution of Act for raising Men for the Navy, passed.

London Docks, dec. Bill, put otf for a Month,

Petition for London Docks, &c. Bill, and Her port thereon, again read.

36 Geo. III.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on- Windows and Lights, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men " in the several Counties in England, for the Service " of His Majesty's Navy," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of " His Majesty's Navy."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Month.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others, residing in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February last); and also, the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That in case it shall be thought expedient by the Petitioners to renew their Application to this House in the next Session of Parliament, for the specific Purposes stated in their said Petition, and no other, this House will deem General Notices of such intended Application, inserted in The London Gazette, and the different County Newspapers (as directed by the First Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, and that the Maps or Plans, with the Books of Reference, which have been delivered to the several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance of the Third Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) shall be deemed sufficient, without again delivering such Maps and Books;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of May 1794, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Townships therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Norfolk, and within the Isle of Ely, might be read.

Vol.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, in case it shall be thought expedient Resolution* by the Petitioners to renew their Application to this r

House in the next Session of Parliament, for the spe- Cation for cific Purposes stated in their said Petition, and no London other, this House will deem General Notices of such &c* intended Application, inserted in The London Gazette, 1 ' and the different County Newspapers (as directed by the First Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, and that the Maps or Plans, with the Books of Reference, which have been delivered to the several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance of the Third Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) shall be deemed sufficient, without again delivering such Maps and Books.

Resolved, That all Persons concerned in Interest, who have been applied to, and have given their Consent to the Bill, now depending in this House, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship-> ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, shall be considered as consenting to such Bill as may be brought in upon the like Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the last Resolution, and no other, unless they shall personally attend the Committee to whom such Bill may be committed, and express their Dissent, or shall give Certificates in Writing, or other Evidence, of their Dissent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lenton and Radford Inclosure Bill

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize to Post-the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties on j^"0e£^Jng stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to postpone, Legacy Duty for a Time to be limited, the carrying into Effect an Act,

Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, inti- Nes-tuled, " An Act for repealing certain Duties on " Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for " granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cases,'* should they be required so to do, under thp Hands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Motion re-Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King spectingBar-George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating racks erect* d " the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the n^ifh?60 " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," drawn, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That it is the Opinion of this House, that the Barracks erected for the Use of Troops since the passing of the said Act of the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, are not within the Exceptions of the said Act.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

Committee on East India Company's Revenue Accounts, deferred.

Quakers Relief Bill, reported.

784 13° — 14° Mail A. 1796.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," and inserting the Words " after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " after " the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders " of the Day," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve Proceedings itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider on B.ll*for further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carry- [he shipping ing Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of , of Slaves,

after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question wras proposed,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House wras told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14° Maii; Anno 36° Georgii III. U Regis, 1796.

Prayers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 21st Day of April last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company);

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that no Plaintiff shall be obliged to procure a Sequestration from any Court of Equity, or Spiritual Court, on any Decree or Order, unless it shall appear that there is Estate Real or Personal sufficient to answer the Plaintiff's Demand and Costs.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Clause be made Pari of the Bill;

The said Motion and Clause were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to limit the Duration of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher Royal Assent l\ of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York,

His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal

Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Westmoreland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills:

Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Seven Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities:

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the " Treasury for the Time being, to' let to Farm the " Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses " let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to " such Persons as should be willing to contract for the l< same:"

An Act for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported, by Weight:

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to sell Gloves and Mittens by Retail:

An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom:

An Act more effectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to

His

36 Geo. III. 14°

785

His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of;

An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time:

An Act for the better Regulation of Mills:

An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale, of Butter; and to repeal certain Acts relating the reto:

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have acted in Consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the Twenty-second Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, forja limited Time:

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Administration of the Office of a " Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties " of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of " Felonies

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices:

An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the u Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery

An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to regulate the buying and selling of Hay and Straw, and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned:

An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers:

An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City:

An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership Society or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the Joint Stock and Funds, belonging thereto, amongst the Members thereof:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles: An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, Vol. 51.

and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, to Ullls' and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the City of London:

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for amending and altering the Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near " Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for " making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from " the said intended Canal," and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith:

An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of His Dutchy of Lancaster, to make a Grant of certain Lands, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal,

" in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable- Branch from the said intended Canal, at or " near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg,' and also

" another Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Gale " Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said " County Palatine of Lancaster

An Act for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Lands and Grounds lyin'* and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftwort Gringley on the Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the County of

Nottingham:

An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland and Marsh-

land Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the Stocking, Feeding, and Depasturing, of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Stockwith,

Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes

of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Botley, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act,

" made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from

9 O "a certain

Royal Assent o Bills.

786 14° Mali. . 1796.

" a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh,

" and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale,

" and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from " the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton,

by Pan' Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more " effectual Provision for repairing and widening the " said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near u Golbourne Dale to Winwick

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the several Roads near the Towns of " Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and " Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham," and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of One of the said Roads, in the Village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, all in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Walter Fawkes, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arming by Sale thereof in the Purchase of Manors, or other Hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with, the Mansion House at Farnley and the

Bulk of the settled Estates, to the like Uses as such detached Parts stand limited:

An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases, with Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage:

An Act to enable Trustees to convey Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, deceased, in

the County of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelley, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and Lands in the same County:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond, Esquire, in the County of

Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant Leases of Part of the said Estates for the Purpose of Building:

An Act for making a Partition and Division of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will of William Powell, Esquire, deceased, and now held in undivided Moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition, are respectively allotted to be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and subject to the several Charges and Incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided Moieties respectively:

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Real Estate late of Sir Edward Vaughan Mansell, Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Carmarthen, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money, to arise from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mortgages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such Real Estate, and also for enabling such Trustees to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams, of Coal, lying under the Residue of such Real Estate, in such Manner, and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned:

An Act to empower the Guardians of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to charge his settled Estates with certain Sums of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, and to grant Building and other Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain Parts of the said Estates, and for other Purposes:

An Act for confirming several Purchases, Conveyances, and Settlements, made of the Estates of the Most Honourable Francis Marquis of Hertford, and Isabella Ann Marchioness of Hertford, his Wife, Lord William Gordon and Frances his Wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his Wife, Henry Hervey Aston and Harriot his Wife, and Sir John Ramsden and Dame Louisa Susanna his Wife:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weston, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for altering, varying, and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of

York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors or Lordships of Farnworth and Kersley, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Tattershall, and Townships of Thorpe,

and Kirkby super Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said Marsh and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Towhship of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the River Wit ham and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barwickin Elmet, in the County of

York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Towmships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Shar-rington, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the Open Fields, Meadow's, Commons, Wastes, and Heath Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of North Stoke and South otherwise Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln:

An

House resolves to adjourn to Wednesday.

Nottingham Road and Trent Bridges Bill, passed.

Foley'sEstate Bill, committed.

36 Gf.o. III. 14* Mail 787

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarrington, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Parish, of East Bru/gford, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Esquire, with Mary Goldsmith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Brook Jones, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Moorsom, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe, Esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Christie, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Robei't Howard, John Howard, and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard: An Act for naturalizing Christian Henry Bollmarm: An Act for naturalizing Otto Bichner.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the South End of the Bridge over the Nottingham Canal, called The Canal Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Maty, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the West End of Saint Marys Church Yard, by Way of Hollow Stone, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water, and for widening and improving the Entrance into the Town of Nottingham, by Way of Hollow Stone.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Honourable Andrew Foley, the surviving Trustee of Two Terms, of Ninety-nine Years, and One hundred and One Years, created by the Will of Thomas Lord Foley, his late Father, deceased, to grant Leases of some Parts of the Estates comprized in those Terms, and also to renew Leases and Copyhold Grants made to, or in Trust for, the said Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, or One of those under whom he derived a Title; also to make Exchanges of some Parts of the Premises comprized in the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached Parts of the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the said Term of One hundred and One Years, and to lay out the Money to Vol. 51.

arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley,

Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday to sit on Morning next. Monday.

Ordered, The*: Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords, Mr. Hobart the ingrossed Bill for the better Collection of the Duty puMiiiHo* on Hats, and desire the Concurrence of their Lord- the Lords. ° ships thereto.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Dignity for confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend the ctiaplain. Mr. Thomas Causton, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal to be End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of Printed< this present Session, with an Index to the Fifty-first Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Money for order the Sum of i,8oo/. to be advanced to John jg*the Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Expence of give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing the

and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Expences of give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other eport8' 'c‘ Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Money for order the Sum of 250/. to be advanced to Mr. In^king George Whittam, for making an Index to the Votes of Votes.l° this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the same; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

The House was moved, That the Report which, General Tn-upon the 6th Day of this Instant May, was made from dej^to the^ the Committee, who were appointed to examine a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790, compiled by Mr. Samuel

Dunn,

Address for Money towards making a General Index to the Journal?.

The Lords have agreed to

Bedford and Ampthill, &c. Roads Dill.

I.ongcot In^ closure Bill.

Falck'g Nat. Bill.

National Debt Bill.

Lottery Bill.

Bill for per-mittingLime, &o- to becaj-ried Coastwise.

Paper Manufacturers Bill.

Longitude

Bill.

788 14° Man. A. 1796.

Dunn, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said General Index be printed by the Person usually employed in printing the Journals of this House, under the Care and Inspection of the said Mr. Dunn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding 300l. to be advanced to the said Mr. Dunn, towards defraying the Expence of making the said General Index; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of " the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, " and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn " Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road " branching out of the same in Kempston Held, to the " Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said " Town of Bedford," except so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont Town, to the Entrance of Woburn Park at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for makitig and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husbom Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Part of the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christopher without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward

t

of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for. enabling the Court that issues the Sequestration to order the Goods taken under it to be sold.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent fruitless Sequestrations.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause wa3 offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for liberating certain Women, calling themselves Quakers, from the Gaol at Nottingham, imprisoned there under a Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 4. 1.38. After " Sequestration," to insert " or such other Process."

Pr. 5. 1. 8. After *' Sequestration," to insert " or other Process."

1. 35. After " Action," to insert " than " might have been allowed by " such Justices."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Relief of the People called Quakers, as to the Imprisonment of their Persons, for Non-payment of Tythes, and for making their solemn Affirmation Evidence in Criminal as well as Civil Cases.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Adair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, the Amount of the Product of One Million of Stock, which, by an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India Company

" to

Whitby Piers and Harbour BUI.

Quakers Relief Bill, passed.

Amount of Product of Increase of East India Stock, ordered.

Sir J. Johnstone's Estate Bill, committed.

Committee to sit Tomorrow.

Mrs. Hastings's Nat. Bill, committed.

Foley'sEstate Bill, reported, and passed.

Answers to Addresses.

36 Geo. III. 14° — 18° Mmi.

789

" to raise Money, by further increasing their Capital " Stock," the said Company was allowed to increase their Capital.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Maii;

Anno 36° Georgii III"1, Regis, 1796. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Plantations and Estates in the Island of Grenada, late of Sir James Baronet, in Trustees, to raise Money by Mortgage for repairing the Damage done thereto in the late Insurrections, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wigley, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Marian Hastings, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bart, Mr. Wigley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas Causton, as is desired.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, that their Addresses of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of 1,800l. to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of 350 /. to be advanced to Mr. George Whittam, for making an Index to the Votes of this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the same; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding 300l. to be advanced to Mr. Samuel Dunn, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have agreed

to

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Honourable Andrew Foley, the surviving Trustee of Two Terms, of Ninety-nine Years, and One hundred and One Years, created by the Will of Thomas Lord Foley, his late Father, deceased, to grant Leases of some Parts of the Estates comprized in those Terms, and also to renew Leases and Copy-hold Grants made to, or in Trust for, the said Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, or one of those under whom he derived a Title; also to make Exchanges of some Parts of the Premises comprized in the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached Parts of the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the said Term of One hundred and One Years, and to lay out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, that their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas Causton, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some

Vol. 51.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Billingsgate Act to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Fish bill. Retail; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill respect- ' Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the re- *n8tllc resls-gistering, and the granting Certificates of Registry ^"ships"* to, certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered, according to the existing Laws in that Behalf; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Little Caster-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open jj/jj Inclosure and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common- 1 able Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr Sabatier's Act for enabling the Fast India Company to perform bill, an Engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier, Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton from the East Indies; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An bill to enable Act to enable the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain p^t of Time Houses and Grounds contiguous to the East India Street. House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Billrespect-Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty- "8 Aliens, third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Caseswithout any Amendment: And also,

9 P The

Bill to amend Act respecting Sugar.

Arrow Root and Linseed Cakes, &c. Importation Bill.

Second Expiring Laws Bill.

Bill to amend Act to provide for the Families of Militia Men.

Bill to enforce the due Execution of Act for raising Men for the Navy.

Bill to exempt Dairies, &c. from Window Duties.

Bill for making Allowances to Militia O fticers.

Lenton and Radford Inclosure Bill.

Guiseley Inclosure Bill.

Bill for enabling the E.I.Company to purchase Ground for building Warehouses.

790 18° Man. A. 1796.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, " made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment " of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and " for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee " into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign " Shipsand for reducing the Bounty on Refined " Sugars exported in any other than British Ships without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes, and Rape Cakes, from any Foreign Country, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, without Payment- of Duty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of made

Cordage; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this " Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein, and " to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed " in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain called without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Number of Men in the several " Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navywithout any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying. Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments Lords

into Consideration. toTiS'meo-3

And the said Amendments were read; and are as tioned Bill,

followeth; viz

Pr. 3- 1. 7

Leave out from " belonging" to " to," in Line 9.

1. 13. Leave out " respectively."

1 18 1

! 1 Leave out " belonging to the said " College."

agreed to.

Pr. 4.

and >

19J

1. so.

Wife"to "and,"

Pr. 26. 1. ult.

to

Leave out from " in Line 24.

Leave out from " Ground " now," in Pr. 27. 1. 1.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobai't do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal A»sent Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the sard Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as followethviz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act,

" made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment " of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for " permitting the Importation of Sugar and Costee " into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign " Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined " Sugars exported in any other than British Ships :"

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto:

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain-, to the encouraging

the

36 Geo. III. 18° Mail 791

the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of made

Cordage:

An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases

An Act for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Let-pass:

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory:

An Act to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail:

An Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry to, certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered, according to the existing Laws in that Behalf:

An Act for enabling the East India Company to perform an Engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier, Gentleman, respecting the Importa-

tion of Cotton from the East Indies:

An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes, and Rape Cakes, from any Foreign Country, in i?rfr«A-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, without Payment of Duty:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, pased in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to provide for the Families of " Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of " this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein, " and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, " passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain " called England:"

An Act to enforce the due Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the " several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy

An Act to exempt Dairies, and Rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying, Cheese and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights:

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

An Act to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East Itidia House, and to widen the North End of Lime Street:

An Act for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by Two Acts passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West Vol. 51.

" End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of - Royal Assen " hill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn 10 Bll,sPark, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road " branching out of the same, in Kempston to the

" Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said " Town of Bedford," except so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South End of mont Town to the Entrance of Woburn Park, at a Place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a Road from the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husbom Crawley, to the North End of the Town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Part of the said Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the Highway from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins the Road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Longcot, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Casterton, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lenton, and Radford, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common called Guiseley Common, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Falck.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker .* have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Consolidate Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Fund Bill. Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act DogTaxBil for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Navy,

Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Bills Annui Victualling, and Transport Bills; without any Amend* ties Bl11' ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hat Duty Act for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wines and Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Sweets addi-on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, and on Fo- ^jjal ^utie! reign Wines sold by Auction: without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from List of Es-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at tablishments the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- to

sented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an iJL rv.m Act of Parliament, pHny.&c.pre

A List of the several Establishments belonging to the sented. East India Company in the East Indies, and other Parts within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, and the Salaries and Allowances paid by the said Company, in respect thereof.

Mr. Owen also, from the Directors of the East India Company,

Drder for Committee m £. 1. Com->any's Ac-:ounts, read.

Flouse resolves to idjourn.

Sir J. Johnstone's Estate Bill, reported and passed.

Mrs. Hastings's Nat. Bill, reported and passed.

792 18 — 19° Mail A. 1796

Company, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Product " of One Million of Stock, which, by an Act of the " Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the India " Company to raise Money, by further increasing their " Capital Stock," the said Company was allowed to " increase their Capital."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said List and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said List and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 2ist Day of April last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) be now read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Anno 36° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1796. Prayers.

MR. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Plantations and Estates in the Island of Grenada, late of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, in Trustees, to raise Money by Mortgage for repairing the Damage done thereto in tire late Insurrections, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bil! was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ' for naturalizing Marian Hastings, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the West End of Saint Mary's Church Yard, by Way of Hollow Stone, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water, and for widening and improving the Entrance into the Town of Nottingham, by Way of Hollow Stone-, without any Amendment. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Corn and Flour imported into Scotland, in the Month of April last, entitled to receive a Bounty on Importation, specifying the Ports in which the Entries have been made, and the Names of the Importers who claim the Bounty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines, and British Sweets, and on Foreign Wines sold by Auction:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs:

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills:

An Act for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats:

An Act for enabling the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a new Street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane, in Petticoat Lane:

An Act for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the West End of Saint Mary's Church Yard, by Way of Hollow Stone, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges upon the said Road as may be necessary to carry off the Flood Water, and for widening and improving the Entrance into the Town of Nottingham by Way of Hollow Stone:

An Act for enabling the Honourable Andrew Foley, the surviving Trustee of Two Terms, of Ninety-nine Years,

The Lords have agreed to

Nottingham Road and Trent Bridges Bill.

Account of Corn and Flour imported into Scotland in April, presented.

Royal Assent to Bills.

19° Mali.

36 Geo. III.

Years, and One hundred and One Years, created by the Will of Thomas Lord Foley, his late Father, deceased, to grant Leases of some Parts of the Estates comprized in those Terms, and also to renew Leases and Copyhold Grants made to, or in Trust for, the said Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, or one of those under whom he derived a Title; also to make Exchanges of some Parts of the Premises comprized in the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached parts of the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in the said Term of One hundrecT and One Years, and to lay out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting certain Plantations and Estates in the Island of Grenada, late of Sir James Johtistone, Baronet, in Trustees, to raise Money by Mortgage for repairing the Damage done thereto in the late Insurrections:

An Act for naturalizing Marian Hastings.

His Majesty's After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a Speech. most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Public Business being now concluded, I think it proper to close this Session; and, at the same Time, to acquaint you with My Intention of giving immediate Directions for calling a new Parliament.

The Objects which have engaged your Attention, during the present Session, have been of peculiar Importance; and the Measures which you have adopted have manifested your continued Regard to the Safety and Welfare of My People.

The happiest Effects have been experienced from the Provisions which you have made for repressing Sedition and Civil Tumult, and for restraining the Progress of Principles subversive of all established Government.

The Difficulties arising to My Subjects from the high Price of Com have formed a principal Object of your Deliberation; and your Assiduity in investigating that Subject has strongly proved your anxious Desire to omit nothing which could tend to the Relief of My People in a Matter of such general Concern.

I have the greatest Satisfaction in observing, that the Pressure of those Difficulties is now in a great Degree removed.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I must in a more particular Manner return you My Thanks for the liberal Supplies which you have granted to meet the Exigencies of the War. While I regret the Extent of those Demands, which the present Circumstances necessarily occasion, it is a great Consolation to Me to observe the encreasing Resources by which the Country is enabled to support them.

These Resources are particularly manifested in the State of the different Branches of the Revenue, in the continued and progressive Extension of Our Navigation and Commerce, in the Steps which have been

793

taken for maintaining and improving the Public Credit, and in the additional Provision which has been made for the Reduction of the National Debt.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I shall ever reflect with heart-felt Satisfaction on the uniform Wisdom, Temper, and Firmness, which have appeared in all your Proceedings since I first met you in this Place. Called to deliberate on the Public Affairs of your Country, in a Period of Domestic and Foreign Tranquillity, you had the Happiness of contributing to raise this Kingdom to a State of unexampled Prosperity.

You were suddenly compelled to relinquish the full Advantages of this Situation, in order to resist the unprovoked Aggression of an Enemy, whose Hostility was directed against all Civil Society, but more particularly against the happy Union of Order and Liberty as established in these Kingdoms.

The Nature of the System introduced into France afforded to that Country, in the Midst of its Calamities, the Means of Exertion beyond the Experience of any former Time. Under the Pressure of the new and unprecedented Difficulties arising from such a Contest, you have shewn yourselves worthy of all the Blessings that you inherit. By your Counsels and Conduct the Constitution has been preserved inviolate against the Designs of Foreign and Domestic Enemies; the Honour of the British Name has been asserted; the Rank and Station which We have hitherto held in Europe has been maintained; and the decided Superiority of Our Naval Power has been established in every Quarter of the World.

You have omitted no Opportunity to prove your just Anxiety for the Re-establishment of General Peace on secure and honourable Terms; but you have, at the same Time, rendered it manifest to the World, that while Our Enemies shall persist in Dispositions incompatible with that Object, neither the Resources of My Kingdom, nor the Spirit of My People, will be wanting to the Support of a just Cause, and to the Defence of all their dearest Interests.

A due Sense of this Conduct is deeply impressed on My Heart. — I trust that all My Subjects are animated with the same Sentiments; and that their Loyalty and public Spirit will ensure the Continuance of that Union and mutual Confidence between Me and My Parliament, which best promote the true Dignity and Glory of My Crown, and the genuine Happiness of My People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said, j

My Lords, and Gentlemen, j

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 5th Day prorogued, of July next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the 5th Day of July next.

[Index removed.]

