THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 15.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

From October the 25th 1705,

In the Fourth Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE,

TO

April the 1st 1708,

In the Seventh Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

2 A.1705

[a] By the QUEEN:

A Proclamation, for dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the speedy calling another.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Tuesday, the 1st Day of May next; we do, for that End, publish this our royal Proclamation, and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the said Parliament, are discharged from their meeting on Tuesday, the said 1st Day of May next.

And we being resolved to meet our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects, that we will speedily call a new Parliament.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the 5th Day of April, 1705, in the fourth Year of our Reign.

God save the QUEEN.

By the QUEEN:

A Proclamation, for calling a new Parliament.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS by our royal Proclamation, bearing date the 5th Day of this Month of April, we did dissolve the last Parliament, and declared our Intentions of speedily calling a new one; we do accordingly hereby further declare, that, with the Advice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Keeper of our Great Seal of England, to issue out Writs, in due Form, for the calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste the 2d Day of May next ensuing the Date hereof, and to be returnable on Thursday, the 14th Day of June next following.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the 23d Day of April 1705, in the fourth Year of our Reign.

God save the QUEEN.

[a] At the Beginning of this Journal are inserted the two following printed Proclamations.

---

WILLIAM Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward of her Majesty's Houshold, one of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, and Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, To all, to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye, that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable Henry Boyle, Esquire, Chancellor of her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Right Honourable Thomas Manfell, Esquire, Comptroller of her Majesty's

Houshold, Johfi Smithy Esquire, Sir William Knight, and James Vernon, Esquire, or any Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead to tender and minister the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, made in the first Year ofliis late Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for removing, and preventing, all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament) according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to beholden, the 14th of June instant; and to take and rec-ive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any of the said Five Ports, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament, begun and holden on the said 14th Day of Juneaforesaid; giving the m. Four, Three, Two, and One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my laid Deputies or Deputy, any Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect and full, manner, as if I mylelfhad personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this 13th Day of June, in the fourth Year of the Reign of our sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, Fratue, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, Anno Domini 1705.

DEVONSHIRE (L.S.]

4 Ann. 3

Parliament meets.

Parliament prorogued.

Jovis, 14*

Anno'4* Annie Regina;, 170$.

THE Queen s most excellent Majesty having bjf her Proclamation (hereunto first annexed) and her Writ of Summons, bearing date the 2d Day of last, called her Parliament to meet this Day; and the most noble William Duke of Steward of her Majesty's Houshold, having made the first hereunto annexed Commission, or Deputation, bearing date the 13th Day of June instant, to the Right Honourable ! Thomas Manfell Esquire, Comptroller of her Majesty's

Houlliold, Henry Boyle, Esquire, Chancellor of her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, Sir William John

Smish, Esquire, and James Fento, Esquire, for administering the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members of the House of Commons; and the said Mr. Manfell and Sir William ForreJlert Commissioners in the said Commission named, attending in the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the InncrCourt of Wards (the usual Place for administering the said Oaths to the Members of the House of Commons, at the opening of a Parliament) and George Wright, Esquire, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered in a Book of the Names of such Membe rs, as had been returned; and Paul Jodrell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Needier, his Clerk Assistant, and other his Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; the said Commissionersadministered the Oaths appointed, to such Members, as then appeared*. And, upon Information, that the Parliament was to be prorogued by Writ, they went directly (without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords) up to the House of Peers; where the Writ was read, for proroguing the Parliament until , the 6th

Day of September next; which Writ is, as followeth; viz,

ANNA, Dei gratii, Anglia;, Scotia, Francix, et Hibernia;, Regina, fidei defenl'or, &c. prxdiledis et fidelibus noftris Przlatis, Magnatibus, et Proceribus, regni nestri Anglix, ac diledis et fidelibus noftris Mili-tibus, Civibus et Burgenfibus, di«fti regni nostri, ad Parliamentum nostrum, apud civitatem noftram Westm* decimo quarto die Junii proximfe futur' inchoandum, et tenendum, convocatis et eledis, et vestriim cuilibet, lalutem. Cum nos, pro quibufdam arduis et urgenti-bus negotiis, nos, datum et defenfionem didi regni nostri Anglix, ac ecclesix Anglicanx, concementibus, didura Parliamentum nostrum ad diem et locum prx-did' teneri ordinavimus, ac vobis, per separalia brevia nostra, apud civitatem et diem prxdid* interefie mandavimus, ad tradandum, consenticnd um, et concludendum, super iis, qux in dido Parliamento noftro tunc et ibidem proponerentur, et tradarentur; quibufdam tamen certis de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad prxfens specialiter moventibus, dictum Parliamentum nostrum usque fextum diem Septembris proximi futur' duximus prorogandum; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis veftium, ad dictum deci-mum quartum diem Junii apud civitatem prxdidam comparere teneamini, feuardemini; volumusenim, vos, et quemlibet vestrftm, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, et tenore prxfentium firmiter injungendo prxeipientes, vobis, et cuilibet vestrftm, ac omnibus aliis, quibus in hac parte interfit, qudd ad dictum fextum diem Septembris apud prxdidam civitatem Westm' persona-liter compareatis, et interfitis, et quilibet vestrum compa-reat, et interfit, ad tradandum, faciendum, agendum, et concludendum, superiis, qux indido Parliamento noftro, de communi Concilio didi regni nostri (favente Deo) con-

tigeriht ordinari; Teste meipfa apud Westm' tricesimo primo die Maii, anno regni nostri quarto.

Breve ad Parliamentum, de prima summonitione, prorogandum.

WR1GHTE,

yovis, 6° die Septembris

Anno 40 Annx Reginx, 1705.

SEVERAL Members this Day appearing, being Member* informed, that the Parliament dfas to be again pro- uke at rogued by Writ; they'went (withoucany Message from the Lords) up to the House of Peers; where the Writ was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday, the 25th Day of October next; and is asfdlloweth; vit,

ANNA, Dei gratia, Anglix, Scotia;, FranCix, et parliament Hibernix, Regina, fidei tlefenfbr, &c. prxdiledis et prorogued, fidelibus noftris Prxlatis, Magnatibus, et Proceribus, regni nostri Anglix, ac dileflis et fidelibus noftris Mili* tibus, (Jivibus, et Burgenfibus, didi regni nostri, ad Parliamentum nostrum, apud civitatem noftram Westm' hoc instante sexto die Septembris tenendum, convocatis et cledis, et vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Chm nos, pro quibufdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, statutti et defenfionem regni nostri Anglix, ac ecclesix Anglicanx, concernentibtts, dictum Parliamentum nostrum decimo quarto die J unii ulterius prxterito, apud civitatem [prxdidam teneri ordinavimus, ac vobis, per separalia brevia nostra, apud civitatem*] etdiem prxdid' interesse mandavimus, ad tradandum, consentiendum, et concludendum, super iis, qux in dido Parliamento noftro tunc et ibidem proponerentur et tradarentur; cumque nos per breve nostrum, certis de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad hoc specialiter moventibus, dictum Parliamentum nostrum ab eodem decimo quarto die Junii usque ad et in instantem fextum diem Septembris duximus prorogandum, ita qudd nec vos, nec aliquis vestrftm ad dictum decimum quartum diem Junii apud prxdidam civitatem comparere teneamini, feu ardemini; volentes, vos, et quemlibet vestrilm, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; et per idem breve vobis, et cuilibet vestrum, ad dictum fextum diem Septembris, apud civitatem prxdidam, comparere, et interefTe, nuperrime mandavimus, ad tradandum, faciendum, agendum, et concludendum, super iis, qux in dido Parliamento noftro contigerint ordinari; quibufdam tamen certis urgentibus de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad hoc specialiter moventibus, dictum Parliamentum nostrum ab instante sexto die Septembris usque ad et in vicesimum quintumdiemOdobris proximo futur' ulterius duximus prorogandum; ita qudd nec vos, nec aliquis vestrftm, ad didumfextum diem Septembris apud civitatem prxdidam comparere teneamini, feu ardemini; volumus enim, vos, et quemlibet vestrilm, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, et tenore prxfentium firmiter injungendo prxeipientes, vobis, et cuilibet vestrikm, ac omnibus aliis, quibus in hac parte interfit, quod ad dictum vicesimum quintum diem Odobris apud prxdidam civitatem Westm' personaliter compareatis, et interfitis, et quilibet vestrilm compareat, et interfit, ad tradandum, faciendum, agendum, et concludendum, super iis, qux in dido Parliamento noftro, de communi Concilio didi regni nostri (favente Deo) contigerint ordinari. Teste meipfa apud Westm* sexto die Septembris, anno regni nostri quarto.

Breve de ulteriori prorogation Parliamenti.

W R I G H T E.

[*] These Words are supplied from the Copy of this Writ, entered- . in the Journal of the House of Lords.

VOL. 15.

B7

4

[a]By the QUEEN:

A Proclamation.

A NN ER.

WHEREAS we have caused our Writs to be issued for the calling of a Parliament, to meet, and be holden, at Westminster, on the 14th Day

of June next; we, by the Advice of our Privy Council,

do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be prorogued, of the said 1.4th Day of June, to Thursday, the 6th day of September next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Keeper of our Great Seal of "England, to prepare a Writ patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accordingly. And we do hereby further declare, that convenient Notice shall be given, by Proclamation, of the Time when the said Parliament shall be holden, and fit, for the dispatch of Business; to the end that the Members of both Houses may order their Affairs accordingly.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the one-and-thirtieth Day of May, 1705, in the fourth Year of our Reign.

God save the QUEEN.

By the QUEEN:

A Proclamation.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament, which by our Writs, for that Purpose issued, was called to meet at Westminster, on Thursday, the 14th Day of June last, was, by virtue of our Writ patent, under our Great Seal of England, on that Day prorogued to the 6th Day of September next; we, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby ,pul?lish and declare, that, the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said 6th Day of September, to Thursday, the 25th Day of'Qflo-hernext; and we have given Order to Our Keeper of our Great Seal of England, to prepare a Writ patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accordingly. And we do hereby further declare our Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall, on the said 2 cth Day of October next,'be held, and fit, for the dispatch 6f divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster, on the said 25th Day of October next.

"Given at our Court at the 13th Day

of Augitjl 170.5, in the fourth Year of our Reign.

God save the‘QUEEN.

[n] The two following printed Proclamation* are here inserted in the Jonroal.

A. 1705.

WILLIAM Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward of her Majesty's Houshold, one of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, and Knight of the mofl hoble Order of the Garter, To all, to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye, that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable Francis, Earl of Bradford, the Earl of Radnor, the Lord Dartmouth, Sir Char. Hedges, and Robert Harley, Esquire, her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, Thomas Manfell, Esquire, Comptroller of her Majesty's Houshold, Henry Boyle, Esquire, Chancellor of her Majesty's Exchequer, , Lord

of the Kingdom of Ireland, George Chur chill, Charles Churchill, Thomas Earle, John Smith, and James Vernon, Esquires, William Marquis of Hartington, Lord William Pawlett, Lionel/, Earl of Deyfert, William Lord Cheyney, the honourable Francis Roberts, Ruffe! I Roberts, Henry Thyme, Henry Pagett, Francis Godolphin, Spencer Compton, William Ashburnhams, Esquires, Sir Thomas Pelham, Sir John Holland, Sir Christopher Hales, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Sir Richard Onf.ovo, Sir Charles Hot ham Sir Wi/liam Drake,

Sir Robert Jenkinson, Baronets, Sir Francis Child, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Knights, Edward Nicholas, Robert

Walpole, John Curfon, Ralph Freeman, John Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen (intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament)according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person, which is, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any the Five Ports, for the Parliament, summoned to begin, and to be holden, the 14th Day of June last past, which, by Proclamations and Writs, stands prorogued to the five-and»twentieth Day of October instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any the said Five Porrs, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving the m. Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies or Deputy, any Six, Five,. Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample,

Eerfed, and full manner, as if I myself had personally eenpresent, and done the fame. In leftimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this 15th Day of October, in the fourth Year of the Reign of our sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, Uc. Anno Domini 1705.

(L.S,)DEVONSHIRE.

Witness,

Will. Wall.

Will. Slatter.

1

Parliament

meets.

Message to attend the Queen.

Mr, Smith choi'en Speaker.

4 Ann. 2 5* — if — 3 o* — 318 OBobris. 5

Parliamentum inceptum, et tentum, apud civitatem Westm' die Jovis, 250 die O&obris, anno regni Dominae Annas, Dei gratia, Anglias, Scotias, Francias, et Hibernia?, Reginas, fidei defenforis, &c* quarto, annoque Domini 1705.

ON which Day, being the first Day of the Meeting of this Parliament) pursuant to the Proclamation hereunto annexed, and the Writs, which had before issued for that Purpose, and the several Writs of Prorogation before mentioned; and his Grace the Duke of Devonshie, Lord Steward of Her Majesty's Houshold, having made the second before annexed Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, bearing date thfe 15th Day of October instant, to the Right honourable Francis Earl of Bradford, the Earl of Radnor, Lord Dartmouth, and

several Members of the House of Commons therein named, impowering them to administerthe Oaths to such Members as were returned; the Earl of Bradford, as also several Members of the House of Commons, named in the said Commission, together with the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, and other Clerks, attending in the Place before-mentioned, they administered the Oaths accordingly to such Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members all repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was delivered from the Queen by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly the House went up to attend her Majesty; who was pleased, by the Right honourable the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, to command the Commons to return to their House, and chuse their Speaker, and present him to her Majesty on Saturday Morning next.

And the House being returned; the Lord Marquis of Granby acquainted the House, that their first Business was, to chuse their Speaker.

And thereupon he moved, that John Smith, Esquire, being an honourable Person, that had fat a considerable Time in Parliament, and thereby acquainted with their Orders and Methods, and one, that was known to be zealous for the Succession, as established by Law, and well qualified for so great aTruft, might take the Chair, as Speaker: Which Motion was seconded by Sir John Holland.

Then the Earl of Dyfert recommended to the House William Bromley, Esquire, who had also been long in Parliament, and was very well versed in the Methods and Proceedings of the House; who had, through Times of much Difficulty, served his Country with a constant Application to the Business of it, and steady adherence toil's Interests; had faithfully, and with great Ability, discharged several publick Trusts reposed in him by Act of Parliament, and in the last Parliament had very worthily supplied the Chair of the Committee of Elections: And therefore he moved, that he might take the Chair of the House, as being very well qualified for the fame; wherein he was seconded by Sir Thomas Hanmer.

Whereupon, and after several other Members had spoke, feme for Mr. Smith, and some for Mr. Bromley;

The Clerk (according to the Duty of his Place) put the Question upon Mr. Smith, as it was first moved, and seconded; viz.

That John Smith, Esquire, do take the Chair, as Speaker.

Vo 1. 15.

And the House divided:

And the Yeas went on the right Hand, and the Noes on the Left:

Teller for the Yeas,

Sir Charles Hot ham: - - 24*.

Teller for the Noes,

' Mr. Freeman: - - - 205.

And the Clerk declared the Numbers, and that the Yeas had it.

Thereupon Mr. Smith was conducted up to the Chair by the Lord Marquis of Granby, and Sir John Hollandj and Mr. Smith, upon the Step, desired, that he might be excused, in retpeft of his Inabilities to perform so great a Trust; returning, nevertheless, his Thanks for the Honour done him; and desired, that he might have Leave to excuse himself to her Majesty. But many of the Members crying " No, Nohe fat down in the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Ten a Clock.

Sabbatij 27 dieOEiobrts;

Anno 4* Anne Reginse, 1705.

H E House being met;

A Message was brought from her Majesty by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers*

Accordingly Mr. Speaker cleft, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to approve their Choice of him for their Speaker: And he again gave the House Thanks for the great Honour they had done him; and acquainted them, that her Majesty had been pleased to confirm to them all their ancient Privileges, as fully, as any of their Predecessors had enjoyed the fame.

And afterwards Mr. Speaker, first by himself, Handing on the Steps, took the Oaths, and repeated the Test, and took the Oath of Abjuration, and signed the fame.

And after him, several other Members did the like, proceeding according to the Book of Returns.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Martis, 30* die;

Anno 4* Anna; Reginse, 1705.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Mercurii, 31 0 die OEiobrts;

Anno 4* Ann* Reginse, 1705.

SEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill, to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Doctor Willis, Dean of Lincoln, be desired to preach before this House upon the 5th of B November

Message to attend thi Queen.

Mr. Speaker approved of tv the Queen.

Mr. Speaker takes Oaths*

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

frauds by Bankrupts.

I)r. Willis to preach on 5th Not.

6 31 ° OBobris. — i*

November next, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Marquis of Hartington, and the Lord William Pawlett, do acquaint him therewith.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Committees. f,t every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee of Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections

privileges. ke appointed of Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Philip Moroux, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Parker, Mr. Edw.

Harley, Mr. Strangewayes, Mr. Coke, Mr. Pigot, Mr.

Walpole, Sir Edward Irby, Mr. Rowney, Lord Cheine, Mr. King, Mr. Compton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hanmer, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr. Sir William

Strickland Sir Jof. Jekyll, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Gape, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Moor, Colonel Strangeways, Sir Hen. Gosse, Mr. Manley, Sir Richard How, Sir Tho. Colepeper, Mr. Digby, Mr. Wortley, senior, Sir John Holland, Mr. Sir Fran.

Majflam, Mr. Tho. Harley, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Da Mr. Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Sir John Wolftenholm,

Earl of Dy/ert, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Morley, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Gorges, Colonel Churchill, Lord Windsor, Mr. Roberts, Lord Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Sir Pincent Charnock, Mr. Carr, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Edw. Lawrence, Mr. Dryden, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Gery, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Ash, Mr. Lord Pawlet, Sir

Wm. St. Quint in Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Take, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Edgcombe, Mr. Freke, Sir isaac Rebow, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Chandler, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Secretary Harley, Sir Wm. Bowes, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Moyle, Sir Wm. Huftler, Sir John Mordant, Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Aylmer, Sir James Montague, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Mountflevens, Mr. Mention, Sir Elwes, Mr.

Topham, Sir John Hawles, Mr. Dunch, Mr. Maiflers, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Onslow, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fofler, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir Moflyn, Mr. Squire, Mr.

JeJfop, Mr. Farrer, Sir Whitlock, Mr. Barker,

Lord Woodflock, Mr. GrMr. Wortley, junior, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Pitt, Sir Hump. Mackworth, Sir Edw.

Bagott, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Thomp/on, Mr. Bainton, Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Cuifon, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Rufliout Cullen, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Pol-lexfen. Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Shuttleworth: And they are to meet upon this Day seven-night at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in fourteen Days next, and so within fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, 24

Novembris. 1750.

provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That no Peer of this Usual Orders. Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemea-nor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That if it shall appear any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall lee, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy i° die Novembris

Anno 4* Anns Regins, 1705.

SOME other Members present took the Oaths, and Member* made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and take°ath*-subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Poo^jelief* the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the 1 f‘ Poor; and that Sir Humphry Mackworth and Mr. Freeman do prepare, ^and bring in, the Bill.

1

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty was pleased, The, Queen'* upon Saturday last, to make a most gracious Speech to sported, both Houses of Parliament; and that he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I HAVE been verydefirous to meet you as early, as I thought you might be called together, without Inconvenience to yourselves.

And it is with much Satisfaction I observe so full an Appearance at the Opening of the Parliament; because it is a Ground for me to conclude, you are all convinced of the Necessity of profejeuting the just War, in which 1 we

4 An n. i ° Novembris.

7

we are engaged, and therefore are truly sensible, that 'tis of the greatest Importance to us to be timely in our Preparations.

Nothing can be more evident, than that, if the French King continues Master of the Spanijk Monarchy, the Balance of Power in Europe is utterly destroyed; and he will be able in a short Time to engross the Trade, and the Wealth, of the World.

No good Englishmen could at any Time be content to lit Hill, and acquiesce in such a Prospect; and at this Time we have great Grounds to hope, that by the Blessing of God upon our Arms, and those of our Allies, a good Foundation is laid for restoring the Monarchy of Spain to the House of j the Confe-

quences of which will not only be safe and advantageous, but glorious, for England.

I may add, we have learnt by our own Experience, that no Peace with France will last longer than the first Opportunity of their dividing the Allies, and of attacking some of them with Advantage.

All our Allies must needs be so sensible, this is the true State of the Cafe, that I make no doubt, but Measures will soon be so concerted, as that, if we be not wanting to ourselves, we shall fee the next Campaign begin offen-fively on all Sides against our Enemies, in a most vigorous Manner.

I must therefore desire you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, to grant me the Supplies, which will be requisite for carrying on the next Year's service, both by Sea and Land; and at the same Time to consider, that the giving all possible Dispatch will make the Supply itself much more effectual.

The Firmness, and Conduit, which the Duke of Savoy has shewn amidst extreme Difficulties, is beyond Example.

1 have not been wanting to do all that was possible for me, in order to his being supported.

I ought to take notice to you, that the King of s

Troops have been very useful to this End. Your Approbation of that Treaty last Sessions, and the Encouragement you gave upon it, leave me no doubt of being able to renew it for another Year.

I take this Occasion to assure you, that not only whatever shall be granted by Parliament, for bearing the Charge of the War, shall be laid out forthat Purpose, with the greatest Faithfulness and Management, but that I will continue to add, out of my own Revenue, all I can reasonably spare beyond the necessary Expences for the Honour of the Government.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

By an Alt of Parliament, passed the last Winter, I was enabled to appoint Commissioners for this Kingdom, to treat with Commissioners, to be impowered by Authority of Parliament in Scotland, concerning a nearer and more compleat Union between the two Kingdoms, as soon as an Alt should be made there for that Purpose: I think it proper for me to acquaint you, that such an Alt is lately passed there; and I intend, in a short Time, to cause Commissions to be made out, in order to put the Treaty on foot; which I heartily desire may prove fuc-cefsful} because I am persuaded, that an Union of the two Kingdoms will not only prevent many Inconveniencies, which may otherwise happen, but must conduce to the Peace and Happiness of both Nations; and therefore I hope, 1 shall have your Assistance in bringing this great Work to a good Condufion.

There is another Union I think myself obliged to recommend to you in the most earned and affectionate Manner, I mean an Union of Minds and Affeltions amongst ourselves: It is that, which would, above all Things, disappoint and defeat the Hopes and Designs of our Enemies.

I cannot but with Grief observe, there are some amongst us, who endeavour to foment Animofiiies; but I persuade myself, they will be found to be very few, when you appear to assist me in discountenancing and defeating such Practices.

Vol. 15.

I mention this with a little more Warmth, because there have not been wanting some, so very malicious, as even in Print to fugged, the Church of , as

by Law established, to be in danger at this Time.

I am willing to hope, not one of my Subjects can really entertain a Doubt of my Affeltion to the Church, or so much as suspect, that it will not be my chief Care to support it, and leave it secure after me; and therefore we may be certain, that they, who go about to insinuate Things of this Nature, must be mine and the Kingdom's Enemies, and can only mean to cover Designs, \^hich they dare not publickly own, by endeavouring to distralt us with unreasonable and groundless Distrusts and Jealousies.

I must be so plain, as to tell you, the bed Proofs we can all give, at present, of our Zeal for the Preservation of the Church, will be, to join heartily in prosecuting the War against an Enemy, who is certainly engaged to extirpate our Religion, as well as to reduce this Kingdom to Slavery.

I am fully resolved, by God's Assistance, to do my Part.

I will always affectionately support and countenance the Church of England, as by Law established.

I will inviolably maintain the Toleration.

I will do all I can to prevail with my Subjects to lay aside their Divisions; and will study to make them all safe, and easy.

I will endeavour to promote Religion and Virtue amongst them, and to encourage Trade, and every thing else, that may make them a flourishing and happy People.

And they, who shall concur zealously with me in carrying on these good Designs, shall be sure to find my Kindness and Favour.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicente, That an humble Ad- Address dress be presented to her Majesty, returning the Thanks the Queen'* of this House for her most gracious Speech to both Houses Speech of Parliament: To congratulate the glorious Success of her Majesty's Arms, and those of her Allies; and to allure her Majesty that this House will effectually enable her to prosecute the War with Vigour, to support her Allies, and to restore the Balance of Power in Europe: And likewise to express the deep Sense we have of the Blessings we enjoy under her Majesty's most happy Government; and gratefully to acknowledge her Majesty's most affectionate Care to, support the Church of England, as by Law established, her Resolution to maintain the Toleration, and to encourage the Trade, Union, and Welfare, of her People; and further to assure her Majesty, that we will assist her in the defeating all such Practices as tend to foment Animosities, and distralt her Majesty's Subjects with unreasonable and groundless Distrusts and Jealousies.

Ordered \That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Marquis of Hartington, the Earl of Dy/ert, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Solicitor-general,

Mr. Pagett, Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Dormer, Mr.

Secretary Hedges, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Colonel Churchill, Mr. King, Mr.

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Lord -

by. Lord Woodfock:, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Ash, Sir

Wm. Strickland, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Foley, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Byerley, Sir Edward Bagotl, Mr. Secretary Harley, Sir Hen. Colt,

Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Freeman, Sir James Montague,

Mr. Annejley, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Roger Marquis of Granby, Sir Wm. Drake, Lord Pawlett,

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Bromley, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. MonElon, Mr. Compton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Poley, Mr. Maine, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Sir John Whilwrong, Sir John Holland, Sir Hujller, Sir

Tho. Parker, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Cefar, Mr. LoWSir Willoughby

Hickman,

Members take Oaths,

St Albans Election,

Lofbsriihiell

Election,

Agmon-

disham

Election.

8

i® — 2* Novetnbris.

A. 1705.

HicktnaH, Mr. Coke, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Vernon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vert errs 20 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Annas Regins, 1705.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of Henry Killi, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, Geo. Churchill, Esquire, John Gape, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly chosen by a Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned a Burgess, to serve for the said Borough; but William Stone, the Mayor, hath returned Mr. Gape, in wrong to the Petitioner; and used several illegal Practices for Mr. Gape, polling several unqualified Persons for him, and refusing several to poll for the Petitioner, that were qualified; and Mr. Gape, and Mr. Ayleward (the Town-Clerk) and other Agents

of Mr. Gape's,did, by Bribes, Threats, and other un-

lawful Means, procure many Votes, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner and the Rights of the said Borough; And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of James Kendall, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lojlwithiell, in Cornwall, is in the Capital Burgesses (being seven in Number, whereof the Mayor is to be one) and 17 other Burgesses, called Assistants: That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Member, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned as such; but John John, the then Mayor, having, some Time before the Election, arbitrarily disfiranchifed several of the said Burgesses, and used divers otherundue Practices, to prevent the Election of the Petitioner, hath unjustly returned Robert worth, Esquire, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Webjler, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondisham, in the County of Bucks, the Candidates were the Lord Cheney, Sir Samuel Garrard, and the Petitioner: That several indirect PraCiices were used, for obtaining Votes for the other Candidates, and the Constables behaved themselves with great Partiality, during the Election; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner had more legal Votes than either of the other Candidates, and -ought to have been first returned; but the Constables have returned the other two Candidates, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Great Bedwin Bruce, and the honourable James Bruce, Esquire, was Election, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedw in the County of

Wilts, the Petitioners, and Sir George Bing, and Nicholas Pollexfen, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned by the Portreeve, several, that voted for Sir Geo. Bing and Mr. Pollexfen (who were utter Stran-

gers to the said Borough) having no Right to vote; yet they, by the Assistance of John Parsons, Elias Barnes, and divers others, their Agents, and Servants, and by Bribery, gained many Votes, and procured themselves to be returned, to the Petitioners Prejudice; And praying, that the Matter may be heard at the Bar of the House, and such Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Webb and John Webb, Esquires, Ludgerihall was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Election, at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in Wiltshire, the Petitioners, and Walter Kent and Thomas of

London, Merchants, stood Candidates: That the said Mr. Kent and Mr. Powell, by illegal Practices, prevailed on John Noyes, the then Bailiff) to become their Agent, and return them, whether they were duly elected, or not; having, for that Purpose, before-hand entered into an Agreement with Noyes, and also having prevailed with a small Number of the Electors to vote for them:

That Noyes privately prepared a List of such Persons, as he thought fit to allow to vote, and, without following the usual Order at former Elections, polled only the Persons named in his Lift, among whom were several unqualified Persons; and, as soon as he had gone through his Lift, he proceeded to declare the Election, without polling a great Number of qualified Persons who offered to poll for the Petitioners: and the said Bailiff hath returned the said Mr. Kent, and Mr. Powell, although the Petitioners were fairly elected by a Majority of good Votes: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Vaughan, Esquire, was presented Mountgo-to the House, and read; setting forth, that the principal niery and most substantial Burgesses of Mountgomery desired the tlon‘ Petitioner to represent them in this present Parliament, they resolving to chuse him; but Mr. Geo. Beddoes, one of the Bailiffs, in the Absence of Mr. Edward Morris, the Capital Bailiff of Mountgomery, having appointed the 18th Day of May last for the Election, though he had not given due Notice thereof, the Petitioner then appeared, with several substantial Burgesses; and, as soon as the Court was called, and the Mandate read, some of the poorer fort of the Inhabitants (who had no Right to vote) without any previous Notice, demanded a Poll for Mr.

Charles Mason', and though the Petitioner, and divers Burgesses, desired Mr. Beddoes to adjourn the Court for some convenient Time, to prepare Books to take the Poll, and Clerks, and Inspectors, yet he (designing to surprise the Petitioner, and elect Mr. Mason) refused an Adjournment, and proceeded to Election, and in an Hour's time, in great haste, before all the Burgesses present had voted for the Petitioner, closed the Poll, and illegally elected and returned Mr. Mason, notwithstanding the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections

3nd

last Retford Election.

Huntington

Borough

Election.

Sudbury

Election.

Hertford

Borough

Election.

4 Ann. a* Novembris 9

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Hardolph Baronet, and

Robert Molesworth, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, that the Petitioners were duly chosen, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Raft Retford', in the County of yet Sir

Willoughby Hickman and Wm. Levinz are returned, although they were not duly elected, nor had they the Majority of qualified Votes, according to the antient Constitution of the said Borough: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Pedley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntington, Sir John Cotton, Baronet, Edward Wortley, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Can-

dictates: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes of Sir John Cotton, and ought to have been returned; but Sir John, having little Interest in the said Borough, and finding he could not otherwise be chosen, gave Sums of Money to many of the Burgesses, to vote for him; by which, and several other indirect Practices, he procured himself to be returned, in prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Dafltw Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Gervas Elwes, the Petitioner, and Philip Skippon, Esquire, flood Candidates at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and the Petitioner was duly chosen by a Majority of legal Voters from Mr. Skippon, and ought to have been returned: That Mr. Cock, the Mayor, refused to poll several legal Voters for the Petitioner, and admitted several unqualified Persons to vote for Sir Gervas and Mr. Skippon, who by their Agents, Tho. Man, Tho. Parish, and others, procured many Votes by Bribery, and other indirect Means; and the said Mayor (before the Books were closed, or the Election declared) refused a Scrutiny of the Poll, though it was several times demanded by the Petitioner, and others, and hath wrongfully returned Sir Gervas and Mr.

Skippon: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Clarke, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Charles Cefar, Esquire, Richard Goulfton, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford; where Mr. Samuel Hopkins, the Mayor, refused to poll several legal Voters for the Petitioner, and admitted great Numbers of unqualified Persons to poll for Mr. Goulfton-, by which Means, and other undue Practices of the said Mayor, Mr. Goulfton, and his Friends and Agents, though the Petitioner had the Majority from Mr. Goulfton of legal Voters, that would have polled for him, yet the Mayor declaredMr. Goulfton to have the Majority, and hath returned him, as duly elected, with Mr. Cefar, in wrong to the Petitioner, and the Rights of the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Voi» 1$.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Sir Charles Hedges, Knight, and John Kyrle Ernie, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of , the Petitioners, and Edward Bainton, and Geo. Duckett, Esquires, flood Candidates: That the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority of the Burgesses, who had a Right to vote, who (according to the antient Custom there) by Indenture returned the Petitioners to the Sheriff of the County; but Samuel Stevens, and William Langton, both of the said Borough, upon pretence of being Stewards, took upon them to be Judges of the Poll, and to make another Return, and to set aside several Votes for the Petitioners, and allowed others to poll for the other Candidates, who were under the same Qualifications; and many other indirect Practices were used by Mr. Bayn/on, Mr. Duckett, and their Agents; particularly, the said Stevens and Langton, together with John Hoskins and Mr. William Weeks, did, at the said Election, make a great Tumult, to the Hinderance of such, as would have voted for the Petitioners; and Stevens and Langton have procured Mr. Bainton and Mr. Duckett to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying the House to grant such Relief in the Premises as shall be thought just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Laurence Carter, junior, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Eledibn of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Baronet, James Winstanley, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and the major part of legal Eledors voted, or were ready and desired to vote, for the Petitioner, who was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned, though many ill Practices, to defeat the Petitioner's Election, were used by Tho. Ayres, Esquire, the Mayor, and Thomas Palmer, Bailiff of the said Borough, Mr. John Orton, Mr. John and others;

who by Threats, Promises, Bribes, Treats, and otherwise, procured many Persons to vote for Sir Geo. Beaumont, and Mr. Winstanley, after the Teste of the Writ, and during the very Poll; and several qualified Voters were refused to poll for the Petitioner, others his Voters left out of the Poll, and several, that polled for the Petitioner, were afterwards permitted to poll for Mr. Winstanley, and several unqualified Persons were admitted to poll for Sir Geo. and Mr. Winstanley: That the ‘said Mayor and Bailiff did poll but one in half an Hour, for at lead five Hours together, though many Persons, that had not polled, were in Court; and this Delay was, that Sir Geo. and Mr. Winstanley and their Agents, might have time to carry on their undue Practices; and when the Poll was adjourned, in order to cast up the Books, the Mayor and Bailiff did seal the Indenture, to return Sir Geo. Beaumont and Mr. Winstanley, before the Poll-books were cast up; and, after they were cast up, the Petitioner demanding by what Book they would return, they said, by a Book taken by one Backhouse (who was appointed by them)which they delivered to the Petitioner; and, as the same was then cast up, Mr. Winstanley had a Majority of Nine more than the Petitioner; but upon calling up the Book again with Mr. Winstanley, it appeared, the same was mistaken [Ten*] Votes, in prejudice to the Petitioner; lb that then he had the Majority, and demanded to be returned; but the said Mayor and Bailiff told the Petitioner, that, if he had it by that Book, yet he loft it by some other Book, and that they

[*] This word is supplied from the original Petition.

C Would

Caine

Election.

Leicester

borough'

Election.

Abingdon

Election.

Bewdley

Election.

Newcastle under Line Election.

t. Michael Election.

io 2° Novembris. . 1705.

would not return him; whereupon the Petitioner desired, that the other Book (if any) might be examined with

Backhouse's Book, and that a Scrutiny might be had; but the same was denied, upon pretence, that Backhouse' % Book was loft; and then the said Mayor and Bailiff falsely returned Sir Geo. Beaumont, and Mr. in

prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying such Justice in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Simon Knight, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks', but through the Partiality of Mr.

Joseph Spimage, late Mayor of the said Borough, in admitting many Persons to poll, who had no Right, and through divers other indirect Practices, a Majority of Votes was obtained, and taken, for Esquire,

the Mayor denying the Petitioner a Scrutiny of the Poll, though he had promised it, and to return accordingly: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Herbert, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of fVorceJier, the Petitioner, and Salway Winington, Esquire, declared themselves to be the Candidates; and the Majority of legal . Eledors declared themselves for the Petitioner, and demanded a Poll; but the Bailiff of the said Borough, at the Instigation of Henry Toy, the Town-clerk, refuted to take notice of the Petitioner to be a Candidate, and did also refute to take the Votes of the said Eledors, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, but hath returned Mr. IVinington, in prejudice of the Rights of the Eledors, and the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premites.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Crew Offley, Esquire, and John,

Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, the Petitioners, and Sir Tho. , and Rowland Cotton, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners were duly elected; but the said Sir Tho. and Mr. Cotton, by themselves, and Mr. William Burslem, Receiver-general of the Taxes for the said County, Richard Welsh, Robert Bodes, and others, their Agents, did, by Treating, Bribery, Menaces, and other illegal Practices,-procure divers Votes; by means whereof the said Sir Tho. Bellott and Mr. Cotton are returned, in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Chester Nance, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Michael, in Cornwall, Sir William Hodges, Hugh For tefcue, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood

Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes from Sir William Hodges, and ought to have been returned; but by the Partiality of the Portreeve many were admitted to poll against the Petitioner, who had no Right, and others, that demanded to poll for 25

him, sand had a Right, were refused their Poll; and by other illegal Practices of the said Sir Wm. Hodges, and his Agents, he hath procured himself to be returned instead of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Dibble, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Simon Leach, Tho. Northmore, Wm. Harris, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakbampton, in the County of Devon-, and the Majority of legal Votes fell on the Petitioner and Mr. Northmore, and the Mayor made a Return accordingly, and sent it to the Sheriff, affixed to the Precept: That the next Day the Mayor, by John Northmore, the Town-clerk, who acted as Agent for Sir Simon Leach, and others, was surprized in making another Return of Mr. Northmore and Sir Simon Leach; which last Return the Sheriff hath returned into the Crown Office, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Simon Leach, Knight of the Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for Oakhampton in Devon, the Petitioner, and Thomas Northmore, Esquire, were duly elected; yet Christopher Yendall, the Mayor, hath wilfully made a double Return of the Petitioner, and John Dibble, Esquire, with Mr. Northmore, in wrong to the Petitioner; and Mr. Dibble did, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, get Votes, and prevail on the Mayor to poll several for him, who had no Right: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Christopher Yendall, Mayor of the said Borough of Oakhampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Simon Leach, Tho. Northmore, John Dibble, and William Harris, Esquires, stood Candidates; and Mr. Northmore and Mr. Dibble having the Majority of legal Voices, the Petitioner in Court declared them duly elected; and accordingly signed the Indenture of their Return, by affixing the same to the Precept, and sent ic to the Sheriff: That the next Morning the Petitioner was sent for to the House of Mr. John Northmore, the Town-clerk, and an Agent for Sir Simon at the Election, where also was the said Mr. Tho. Northmore-, and they told him that the Election would be disputed in Parliament, but if he would put his Mark (being an illiterate Man) to an instrument then produced (which was not read to him) it would save him the Trouble of being sent for up to London; upon which the Petitioner did put his Mark thereto; and being soon after informed that it was a Return of Mr. Northmore and Sir Simon Leach, he immediately, with Mr. Fortescue and Christopher Yendall, went to the High Sheriff, and told him, that he had been unknowingly imposed upon to sign the last Return, and advised the Sheriff', to return none but the first; yet the Petitioner is informed he hath returned both: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Merits of the Election for the

Oakhampton

Election.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Bishops

Caftfc

Election.

Rye

Election.

Monmouth

County

Election.

Steyning

Election.

Norwich

Election.

4 Ann. 2° Novernbris. 11

the said Borough of Oakkampton, at the same time they do hear the Matter of the said double Return.

A Petition of Richard Harnage was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Charles Walcott, Esquire, were duly defied Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop, by a great Ma-

jority of legal Voters, notwithstanding Morris Pugh, Bailiff of the said Borough, refused to poll many good Voters for the Petitioner and Mr. Walcott, and polled many unqualified Persons for Charles , Esquire, and Henry Brett, Esquire, who, by Bribery, and other indirect Means of their Agents, have procured themselves to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying a short Day, to prove the aforesaid Matter, and that he may be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Fag and Phillips Gibbon, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Barons, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye, in Suffix, Mr. Nicholas ftfannouch, then Mayor, admitted Persons to vote for Edward Southwell and Philip Herbert, Esquires, who had no Right to vote, and denied several to vote for the Petitioners, who had a Right; and though the Petitioners had the Majority of legal Voters, yet the said Mayor hath returned Mr. Southwell and Mr. Herbert, in prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Rights of the said Port: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Morgan, senior, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Morgan, junior, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were duly elected to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but by the Menaces and Treating of divers Freeholders, after the Teste of the Writ, Sir Hopton Williams pretended to have a Majority of the Petitioner, and hath prevailed upon the Sheriff to return him instead of the Petitioner, in wrong to him: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Edward Hungerford, Knight of the Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, the Petitioner, Charles Goring, Esquire, and Mr. William Wallis, stood Candidates: That Mr. Wallis, by Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, has procured himself to be returned one of the Burgesses, to the Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned in his Head: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Waller Bacon and John Chambers, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the City of Norwich, Thomas Blofeild, Thomas Palgrave, Esquires, and the Petitioners, Hood Candidates: That by the foul and illegal Practices of William Blyth, Esquire, then Mayor, and Mr. John Rijborough and Mr. Benjamin Austin, the then Sheriffs,

Vol. 15.

(though the Petitioners had the Majority upon the Poll)' were prevailed upon to make a false and double Return of your Petitioners, and the said Mr. Blofeild and Mr. Palgrave, to the Petitioners apparent Wrong: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said.Committee. that they do hear the Merits of the said Election for the City of Norwich, at the same time that they do hear the Matter of the said double Return.

A Petition of Sir Henry Peachy, Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Sussex, the Petitioner, Sir George Parker, Lieutenant-general Lumley, and Morley Trevor, Esquire, stood Candidates; and Mr. Trevor and the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the High Sheriff (who acted very partially at the Election, and made several unnecessary Adjournments in favour of Sir Geo. Parker') hath returned Sir Geo. with Mr. Trevor, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Renda, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, William Jennens, Clement Kent, Richard Hide, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Mr. Kent, by the corrupt Practices of the Mayor, and the said Mr. and other Persons,.

procured himself to be returned, though the Petitioner was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Grandison was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner, Robert Pitt, and Charles -pejffbn, Esquires, were Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned with Mr. Pitt; but Mr. Mompejfon being permitted to vote for himself, and by other indirect Means having procured himself an equal Number of Votes with the Petitioner, the Bailiff of the said Borough hath returned the Petitioner and Mr. Mompejfon with Mr. Pitt, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Mompejfon, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, the Lord Grandison, Robert Pitt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner and Mr. Pitt were duly chosen; but William Swanton, the pretended Bailiff, by polling several undue Voters for the Lord Grandison, and refuting to poll several legal Voters, that offered to vote for the Petitioner, and by other undue Means, made the Poll equal for the said Lord Grandison, and the Petitioner, and hath made a double Return of them with Mr. Pitt, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Examination of the Matter, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

and

Sussex

Election.

Wallingford

Ele&ioa.

Old Sarum Election.

Ditto,

Ilorfliam

Election.

Shoreham

Election.

Stockbridge

Election.

Bedford

Borough

Election.

Bath

Election.

2° — 30 Novembris. 1705.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report forth, that the Petitioners, and William Blathmaite and the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. Alexander Esquires, stood Candidates at the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Election of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament mittee, that they do hear the Merits of the Election for for the City of That Mr. and Mr.

the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, at Popham, by several indirect Practices, did procure them-the same time that they do hear the Matter of the said selves to be returned, as duly elected, though the Pe-double Return. titioners had a great Majority of the legal Votes: And

praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in A Petition of John Wicker, Esquire, was presented to the Premises. the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Horsham, in be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; the County of Sussex, Charles Eversfield, Henry Cowper, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Esquires, and the Petitioner, Rood Candidates; and the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. the Petitioner had a greater Number of legal Votes

than Mr. Cozvper, and ought to have been returned A Petition of the Mayor, and divers of the Aldermen Huntingdon

Mr. Eversfield:That several indirect Praft ices and Bailiffs, of the Borough of Huntingdon, was presented

were used by Mr. Cowper, and his Agents, to pro- to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Elec- e ion*

cure himself to be elected, and returned: And praying tion of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for

such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem the Borough of Huntingdon, Sir John Cotton, Edward

just. \ Wortley, and John Pedley, Esquires, stood Candidates:

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition That Sir John Cotton, having little Interest in the said be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Borough (finding he could not otherwise be chosen) gave and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report many of the meaner Sort of the Burgesses a Guinea a-the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. piece, or more, to vote for him; by means whereof,

and other corrupt Practices, he procured a Majority of A Petition of John Pery, Esquire, was presented to Votes, which, if left to a free Choice, would have fallen the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election on Mr.: And praying the Consideration of the

of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for House in the Premises.

Shoreham, in the County of SuJJ'ex, Nathaniel Gould, Ord, That the Consideration of the said Petition Esquire, John Wicker, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Candidates: That Mr. Wicker, and his Agents, did, by and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report notorious Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, pro- the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. cure several of the Electors to vote for him, who other-

wife would have voted for the Petitioner; yet the Peti- Ordered, That Sir Dutton Colt have Leave to Printing the

tioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock: Votes,

have been returned one of the Burgesses; but Mr. And he moved accordingly. That the Votes of this

Wicker hath gotten himself returned, in wrong to the House may be printed.

Petitioner: And praying, a Day may be appointed for OrdThat the Votes of this House be printed, hearing the Matter aforesaid. being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Poinf the Printing thereof; and that no other Person do be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; presume to print the lame, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of Anthony Burnaby, Esquire, was pre--fented to the House, and read; letting forth, that Sir John Hawles, Sir Edward Lawrence, Knights, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton: That Sir John Hawles, and Sir Edward Lazvrence (both unknown to the said Borough till the said Election) did, by themselves and Agents, by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, procure several of the Electors to vote for them, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; and they were thereupon returned, in wrong to the Petitioner, and in violation of the Laws to the contrary: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Roll, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner stood a Candidate at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Town of; but by

Bribery, Menaces, and other indirect Practices, Sir Philip Monnox, and William Farrer Esquire (who also were Candidates) procured a considerable Majority of Voices over the Petitioner, and were returned: And praying a short Day for hearing the Matter.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Dashwood, and Richard Houblon, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; letting

Sabbatiy 30 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Annas Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Richard Swynfen, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of;

but by the undue Practices of one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, and Jcfph Girdler, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, the said Bailiff declared the Serjeant duly elected, and hath returned him with Guy, Esquire, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Cox, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a double Return made of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester; by one Indenture Allan and Hemy lrt-

ton, Esquire, are returned; and by another Indenture Mr. Bathurji and the Petitioner are returned, as supposing Mr. Ireton, and the Petitioner, had an equal Number of good Votes, though the Petitioner had the Majority, notwithstanding Mr. Ireton, and his Friends, did by Bribery, and other undue Means, procure many Votes, and by Force kept several of the Petitioner's Voters from polling for him, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And

praying

Tamworth

Election.

Cirencester

Election.

4 Ann. 3 0 Novetnbr 13

praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn* mittee, that they do hear the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of . at the same time that they do hear the Matter of the said

double Return.

East Retford A Petition of Jonathan Lidgett, Joseph Granger, Election. Francis Dunston, John Reynolds, William Edward

Thompson, 'Thomas West, John Marre, William Holland, and John Stow, Freemen and Burgesses of the Borough of East Retford, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Hardolph,

Baronet, Robert Molesworth Esquire, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, and William Levins, Esquire, flood Candidates; and Sir Hardolph Westneys and Mr. worth were duly elected by a Majority of legal Voters; yet Sir Willoughby Hickman and Ivlr. Levins have procured themselves to be returned, as if they had been duly chosen (though they were not) to the Prejudice of the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Banbury A Petition of Toby , Esquire, was presented

Election, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the left.

Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for Banbury, in the County of Oxon, Charles North, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Freemen there, having an undoubted Right to vote at such Election, demanded a Poll for the Petitioner, which the Mayor refused; and immediately his Officers, and others, in a tumultuous Manner, did disturb them, as they were giving their Votes; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner had a Majority; yet the Mayor hath returned Mr. North, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Bramber A Petition of William Penn, Esquire, was presented Election, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the lad Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bram, in the County of Sussex, the honourable Tho. Lord Viscount Windsor, John Ajgill, Samuel Sambrook, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Lord Windsor and Mr. Ajgill did, by themselves and Agents, by Bribery, Treating, and other illegal Practices, procure several of the Electors to vote for them, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said Lord and

Mr. Ajgill have procured themselves to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner, and in violation of the Laws against Bribery and Treating: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, Tha.t the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ladgershall A Petition of John Dobbs, William Bayley, and other Election. Persons, duly qualified to give then Votes in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Vol. 15.

Ludgershall, in the County of Wwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, Edmund Webb, John Webb, Esquires, and Walter Kent, and Thomas Powell, Citizens and Merchants of London, flood Candidates: That John Noyes, then Bailiff and chief Officer of the said Borough (being a known Agent for Mr. Kent and Powell) contrary to the Usage of the said Borough, privately prepared a List of such Persons, as he pretended had a Right to vote at the said Election, amongst which were several that had no Right; however Noyes called, and polled, only those named in his Lift, although a great Number of the Petitioners, who had a Right to vote, and in due time offered to vote and poll for the Webbs-, yet the said Noyes refused to poll them, and hath returned Mr. Kent and Mr. Powell, although Mr. Edmund Webb and Mr.

John Webb were duly elected by a great Majority of legal Electors, according to the Custom of the said Borough, and the last Determination in Parliament; by which illegal Practices, the Rights of the said Borough are not only manifestly invaded, but also it's not rightly represented in Parliament, to the Petitioners extreme Wrong: And praying the House to consider the Premises, and relieve the Petitioners therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Blojeld, and Thomas Palgrave, Norwich Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; letting Election, forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the City of Norwich, Waller Bacon and John Chambers, Esquires (neither of them being Freemen) and the Petitioners (both Freemen and Citizens) flood Candidates: That the Sheriffs of the said City, notwithstanding the Petitioners were duly elected, did make a double Return of the Petitioners, and the said Waller Bacon and John Chambers, in wrong to the Petitioners, and the said City: And praying, that the House will appoint a short Day, for hearing the Merits > of the said Election, and double Return.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Address on Committee, appointed to draw up an Address, to be the Queen'* presented to her Majesty, upon the Resolution of Thurs- sPeech-day last, and upon the Debate of the House, that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, are met together, with minds fully disposed to assist your Majesty in compassing the great and glorious Designs, mentioned in your most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; for which we beg Leave to return our most hearty Thanks, and at the same time to congratulate the glorious Success of your Majesty's Arms, and those of your Allies.

We are fully convinced, that the Balance of Power in Europe can never be restored, till the Monarchy of is in the possession of the House of Austria, and that no Peace with France can be secure and lading, whilst the French King shall be in a Condition to break it; and therefore your faithful Commons are fully retolved, effectually to enable your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, to support your Allies, and make good such Treaties, as your Majesty shall judge necessary, to reduce the exorbitant Power of France.

D It

The Queen's Speech to be confide red.

The Queen appoints to be attended

Hertford

Borough

Election.

14 30 — 6° Novembris. 1705.

It is no small Encouragement to your Commons chearfully to grant the Supplies necessary for those great Ends, to find a frugal Management, and a just and prudent Application, of the public Money.

We cannot omit, upon this Occasion, most thankfully to acknowledge your Majesty's Goodness, in continuing to contribute out of your own Revenue to the Expences of the War.

We want Words to express the deep Sense we have of the many Blessings we enjoy under your Majesty's most happy Government: We are thoroughly fenlible of your affectionate Care to support and countenance the Church of England, as by Law established, your Resolution to maintain the Toleration, and to encourage the Trade, Union, and Welfare, of your People.

This being the happy Condition of all your Subjects, it is the greatest Concern imaginable to us, to find, your Majesty has so just Reason to resent the Ingratitude of some, who endeavour to foment Animosities and Divisions amongst us; and we cannot without Indignation reflect, that there should be any so malicious, as to insinuate, that the Church of England, as by Law established, is, or ever can be, in danger, for want of your Majesty's Care and Zeal to support and maintain it. Your Majesty's exemplary Piety, your steady Adherence to the Church of England, leave no room to doubt, but that thele Suggestions proceed from your Majesty's and the Kingdom's Enemies, who, to cover their own Dif-affection to the present Establishment and Administration, endeavour to distract your Subjects with unreasonable and groundless Distrusts and Jealousies.

Your Majesty may be assured, that your Commons will zealously concur in every thing, that may tend to discourage and punish such Incendiaries, and to disappoint your Enemies both at home and abroad.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree to the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when Ihe will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 6° die Novembris;

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, that he having, in pursuance of the Order of Saturday last, waited upon her Majesty, to know, when Ihe would be attended by this House, her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Day, at One of the Clock, at her Palace of St. James's.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Hertford, in behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, Charles Cefar, Richard Gouljion, and Thomas Clark, Esquires, flood Candidates; and the Mayor, Mr. Samuel Hopkins, polled several Persons against Mr. Clark, who had no Right to poll, and admitted great Numbers of such unqualified Persons, and refused to poll several Persons, who had a Right, and offered to poll for M r. Clark; and by other undue Means of the said Mayor, and Mr, and his

2S

Friends, the Mayor declared Mr. Gouljion duly elected, and accordingly hath returned him, in manifest Prejudice of the Rights and Privileges of the legal Electors of the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, thereabouts.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor WUlts, Dean of Lincoln, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the lame; and that the Lord Marquis of Harti'gton, the Lord William Rowlett, Sir Richard Onslow, and Mr. Monjon, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Lumley Williams and John Herbert, Esquires, Morgan Edwards, John Davies, John Bembow, Edward Evans, and Edward Lloyd, Gentlemen, Bui-geffes of the Town and Borough of Montgomery, as well on the behalf of themselves, as of other Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Mandate being delivered by the Sheriff of the County of Montgomery to George Beddoes, one of the Bailiffs of the Borough ot Montgomery, for chusing a Member, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, he, the said Beddoes, intending to surprize the Petitioners, and deprive them of their Votes, did on the 18th of May last (in the Absence of the other Bailiff)

proceed to such Election, although he did not give Notice thereof until the very Day next before the Election; by which means, and other undue Practices, Mr. Charles Mason was unduly elected, and returned, the Petitioners intending to have chosen John Vaughan, Esquire, torepresent them, had they had sufficient Notice of the said Election: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Pauncefort and ‘Thomas Boucher, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, with Mordaunt and

Thomas Farrington, Esquires, flood Candidates at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts: That Mr. Mordaunt and Mr. Farrington, by themselves and Agents, did, by Treats, Bribery, and other illegal Practices, procure several of the Electors to vote for them, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioners, and by the Admission of others, not qualified to vote, have procured themselves to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying, that a short Day may be appointed, for hearing the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law for preventing clandestine Outlawries; and that Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Order against

Gaming.

Dr. Willis thanked.

Montgomery

Borough

Election.

Malmsbury

Election.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Richmond

Election.

Cirencester

Election.

Aafwer to Address.

Call of the House.

Supply.

4 Ann. 70 — 8" — 90 Novembris. 15

Mercurii, J° die Novembris;

Anno 4* Ann® Reginas, 1705.

Prayers.

A PETITION of James Esquire, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being one of the Candidates at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of had the

Majority of legal Votes; but several legal Votes, who offered to poll for the Petitioner, being refuled, and others, illegal, admitted against him, and by splitting of Votes, and Houses, and Lands, to multiply Votes, and by the Lord Whartons, meddling with the Election, the other Candidates, by Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, viz. Wharton Dunch and Thomas York, Esquires, had the Majority upon the Poll, and were accordingly returned, in prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein what shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Richmond be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day five Weeks, being the Twelfth Day of December next.

Ordered, That her Majesty's said gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Novembris;

Anno 4* Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Pra y ers.

BILL, to prevent Frauds usually committed by Frauds by Bankrupts, was read a second time. Bankrupt*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Gzvyn, Sir John Kay, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jof. Jekill, Mr. Johnson, Mr.

Sir PinfentCbamock, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Henry Colt, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Gery, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr.

Skippon, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wilkins, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Whilchcott, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Squire, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Ward-, and all the Gentlemen of . the long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber'.

A Petition of Henry Ireton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, the Candidates were Allen Bathurst, Charles Cox, Tho. Onslow, Esquires, and the Petitioner: That several corrupt Practices were used for obtaining Votes for Mr. Bathurst and Mr. Cox, the Steward and Bailiff of the said Borough behaving themselves very partially at the Time of taking the Poll, and yet the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes above any of the other Candidates; notwithstanding which, the said Steward, and Bailiff, has, by one Indenture, returned Mr. Bathurst and the Petitioner; and, by another Indenture, Mr. Bathurst and Mr. Cox, in prejudice to the Petitioner, although the Steward and Bailiff were well informed, that Mr. Bathurst was a Minor: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they d6 examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Yesterday present their, humble Address to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I take very kindly the Confidence you express in my Care of the Publick, and your Concern for the Occasion 1 have had to complain.

I return you my hearty Thanks for the Assurances of your Support and Assistance, which, by God's Blessing, I shall always endeavour to improve for the Advantage and Happiness of my People.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That all such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Voi,. 15.

A Petition of John Wynn and William Nicholls. Esquires, Montgomery Bailiffs of the Town and Borough of Poole, John Price and Griffith Buckley, Esquires, Bailiffs of the Town and e ion' Borough of Llanvilling, and Jenkin Lloyd, Gentleman,

Mayor of the Borough of Lanidloes, in the County of Montgomery, as well on the behalf of themselves, as of the rest of the Burgelfesof the said several Boroughs, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, who have an undoubted Right to elect a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery, intended to have chosen John Vaughan, Esquire, to have been their Representative in this present Parliament; but they were deprived of their Votes, for want of due Notice of the last Election; That the Bailiffs of Montgomery, particularly George Beddoes, Tanner (one of them) combining with Shoemakers, and other mean Tradesmen and Rabble of the Town, to bring in Mr.

Charles Majon (whom the Petitioners would not have entrusted) did, by Surprize, unduly and illegally elect, and return, Mr. Mason, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That an Account of the publick Money, for Publick the Year 1705, and what hath arisen in that Year, and Money, been applied to the former Years, be laid before this House by Mr. Lowndes, Secretary of the Treasury.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Prayxrs.

A PETITION of William Mating, and several Scarborough others, on behalf of themselves, and of several Election, others, Freemen and Inhabitants of the Borough ot Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, Robert Squire, Wm. Thompson, and John Hungerford, Esquires, were Candidates: That Mr. Hungerford was chosen by a Majority of qualified Voters, and ought to have been returned; but the Bailiffs of the said Borough returned Mr. Squire and Mr. Thomp-

Owen's

Eftale.

Supply.

9* — 10° Novetnbris. A. 1705

son, and rejected the Petitioners Votes, upon pretence, that Mr. Thompson had one Vote more than Mr. Hungerferd, by the l'elect Number: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Hungerford, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 14th of May last the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for Scarborough, came on, the Candidates being Robert Squirt, William Thompson, and the Petitioner: That the Bailiffs of Scarborough returned the said Mr. Squire and Mr. Thompson, as duly elected, although the Petitioner ought to have been returned with Mr. Squire, the Petitioner having more qualified Votes, than Mr. Thompson: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Ann Corbett, the Widow and Relict of Erasmus Corbett, late of Henllys, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, deceased, Charles Owen, of Nash, in the said County, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, and Joan Corbett, Spinster, being of the Age of Nineteen Years (which said Dorothy and Joan are the Daughters and Coheirs of the said Erasmus Corbett, who was the eldest Son and Heir of Thomas , late of Nash

aforesaid, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, both now deceased) was presented to the House and read; setting forth, that the said Dorothy, the Wife of the said Thomas Corbett, being seised in Fee-simple of the Capital Messuage, called Nash, and other Lands in the said County, of about £. 90. per , did, in 1655, convey those Premises to Trustees, to the Use of the said Tho. and Dorothy, for their Lives, and then to the Use of their first and every other Son in general Tail, then to their Issue Female, then to the Heirs of the Body of the Heirs of their Body, and the Reversion in Fee remained, undisposed of, in the said Dorothy, by the said Settlement: That the said Thomas, Dorothy, and Erasmus, being dead, the said Coheirs became entitled to the Premises: That, upon the Treaty of Marriage between the Petitioners Charles and Dorothy, it was agreed by Thomas and Ann Corbett, the Grandfather and Grandmother of Dorothy and Joan (being both Infants) in regard no Partition could be made of the Premises, without great Expence, that the Premises should be settled upon the Petitioners Charles and his Wife, and their Issue j in Consideration whereof, the said Joan was to have £. 1,000. paid her by Charles, for her Share, which is more than *tis worth: That Dorothy is now of Age, but Joan wants about two Years of hers; fb that (he cannot yet make good the said Agreement: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming the said Agreement, it being for the Advantage of the said Infant Joan.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Manley, and Mr. Latigharn, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved' itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion of Wednesday iaft. For a Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 1 o° dit Novetnbris;

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705. Prayers.

A PETITION of Charles Esquire, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the lall Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop, Henry Brett, Charles Mason, Richard Harnage, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner and Mr. Harnage were duly elected by a great Majority of legal Voters of the said Borough, and ought to have been returned; but Morris Pugh, Bailiff of the said Borough, refused to take the Votes of many, who would have voted for the Petitioner and Mr. Harnage, and admitted others, in the same Capacity, to vote for the other Candidates; whereby, and by Bribery, and other undue Practices of the said Mr. Mason, he and Mr. Brett were returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will appoint a Time for the Petitioner to make Proof of the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Sir Hopton Williams (a Member of this House) hath been served with a Process out of the Ecclesiastical Court, upon a Libel exhibited against him there by Dame Frances Williams (in which Prosecution one Edward Cooke is Proctor, William Taverner, Solicitor, and Thomas Be.fier, Apparitor) in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and that they do report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that one William Lowin hath assaulted Sir John Hawles (a Member of this House) and his Servant, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, That the said William Lowin, for assaulting the said Sir John Hawles, and his Servant, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said William Lowin be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of William Forbes, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is possessed of a Manor, and certain Lands, in called Berwick Hall, which, by reason of the great Distance from his other Estate, and Place of Residence, in Hampshire, cannot be improved to the bed Advantage of himself and Family; and the same being settled, and entailed, he cannot sell the same, without an Act of Parliament, though all Parties concerned are consenting the reto: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the Essex Estate in Trustees, to be sold, and for

purchasing another Estate with the Money arising the reby, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Worjley and the Lord William Powlett do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Roll have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr.

Bishop#

Cattle

Election.

Privilege.

Ditto.

Forbes

Estate.

Leave of Abfeoce.

foppljr.

The Queen's Speech to be considered.

Chester

County

Election*

4 An n . i o° — 12° 17

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof a Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the tame was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved', That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Sea Service, for the Year 1706, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for the Year 1706, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, for the Year 1706, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1706, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads thereof, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Subsid ies to her Majesty's Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the present Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Expences of the Office of Ordnance, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number of Men, employed in the Sea Service in each Month, from the first of November 1704, to the first of November 1705, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number and Rates of Ships employed in each Month, from the ill of November 1704, to the tft of 1705, belaid

before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Sums of Money have arisen by Prizes, since the last Account laid before this House, and how the same have been applied.

Ordered, That an Account of the State of the Debt, due for Transport Service, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Expences of the Office for Transport Service, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Resolved ', That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will be pleased to give Directions to the respective Offices, that the said Eftiroates and Accounts may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take her Majesty's gracious Speech into further Consideration.

A Petition of Sir George Baronet, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being a Candidate at the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of was

duly chosen by a Majority of the Freeholders, and ought to have been returned, to serve in this present Parlia-VMh 15.

ment; but the Sheriff hath returned Langham Booth, Esquire, though he is under the Age of 21 Years, and therefore incapable to serve in Parliament, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, that the said Return may be amended, and the Petitioner relieved therein.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for the '4>.

Teller, for the Noe, } 1,8'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

m 11 c . xr* (Sir Hen.Dutton Colt, )__________

Teller, for the N«s,jMr ^, ----- --j >47

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

f Mr. Windsor, - - - -| I Mr. Clayton: -J

121.

Lutusy 12° die Novembris;

Anno 4° Annte Reginae, 1705.

Prayers. crimn>-

A PETITION of several Freemen of the ancient Election.

Corporation of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, William Coatsworth, Esquire, was not duly chosen; but by Bribery, and other undue Practices of Mr. Kitching, late Mayor, and his Agents, he obtained a Majority, in prejudice to the Petitioners, and the Rights of their Corporation: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Answor to Address, of Saturday last, having been (according to Or- Address. der) presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions, for several Estimates and Accounts, therein mentioned, to be laid before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give particular Directions to the respective Offices, for laying the said Accounts and Estimates before this House, with all Expedition.

Ordered, That an Account of such Charges, as were Charges not not provided for the last Year, or which have incurred provided for. since, be laid before this House; and that the same be done by the Secretary at War.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for *)afe of the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and 5 en‘ in passing their Accounts; and that Mr. Aijlaby, Mr.

Serjeant Birch, and Sir William St. Quint in, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Beatrice, Ann, Thomas, Mary, SIan's

liam, and Richard Smalman, Six younger children of a e* Henry Smalman, Esquire, deceased, by Martha Smalman,

E their

18 i i* — 13° No* 1705.

their Mother send Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Henry being seised of the Manor of and divers

Messuages, and Lands, in the County of Salop, settled the fame, upon his Marriage, on his Issue in Tail Mail, with a Power to charge such Part, not settled in Jointure (with the Consent of Francis Prince and 'Thomas Wingfield, Esquires, his Trustees) with the Sum of £. 900 for younger Children: That Henry did, by Deed of the 9th March, 1698, charge the said Estate with £. 900 accordingly, with Consent of one of the Trustees, the other being dead; by which means the said Charge is not effeiftual (as advised) and betides, the said Money, as 'tis settled, is not so effectual for the Advantage of the said Children, as it might be, for dispoting them in the World: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for supplying the Defeat, by reason of the Death of one of the said Trustees, and making the said Provision most effectual for the Benefit of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Mitt on and Mr. Kinaston do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Printing Ordered, That all private Bills, brought into this private bills. House, be printed; and that they be printed after they are presented to the House, and before the firstReading.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marlist 130 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Annie Reginae, 1705.

Prayirs.

COLONEL Churchill acquainted the House, that Navy her Majesty had (pursuant to their Address) been pleased to direct him to lay before this House,

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, as it Rood on the thirtieth of September, 1705; and.

An Account of the Number and Rates of her Majesty's Ships, and of the Number of Men employed in the Sea Service in each Month, from the ift of 1704, to the 1 ft of November, 1705; and,

An Estimate of the Charge of her Majesty's Navy in Harbour, by the Space of one Year, beginning the lit of January, 1705, and ending the 31st of,

1706; with the usual Rates and Allowances, granted by her Majesty to the Council to his Royal Highness, Lord High. Admiral of England, and the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty's Navy, and their subordinate Officers, Ministers,

And he presented the same to the House accordingly, and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Accounts were read.

The said Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 30th of September, 1703, is as followeth i viz.

Admiralty Office November the 12th, 1705

| An ESTIMATE of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 30th of September 1705;

HEADS

of the

NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Due on the Bills in the freond Book} namely, Pursers Balance Bills, and for extra necessary Money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons, Freight, &c, occurred before the late Reign ——

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course, on the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and all other Debts arising for Stores delivered, and daily expected upon Contract* made for foreign Commodities, for which Bills were not made out, with the Debts of the Out Ports ——

Taber Majesty's Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordi-d Extraordinary thereof* ——

Seamens Wages*

Due- to several Men, remaining unpaid upon the Books of Ships paid off since the 13th February 1688' - -

To Ships in Sea Pay ——

To pay off and discharge all the Bills entered io Course, for the Pay of Flag Officers, Pilotage, &V. on the Head of Seamen's Wages -

Victualling.

Duo on account of Victualling, according to an Account received from the Commissioneri thereof ——

Sick and Wounded.*

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded1, and for

Siibfifttnce of French Prisoners, as per an Account received from the Comnwifioners appointed for those Services; viz.

Tot the Sick and Wounded ——

Subsistence of French Prisoners' *---

c

Debts, as they stood 30th September, 175.

Particulars.

Before this Reign.

s» A

, S»944 7

«7A74 17 xi 55* ——

17,701 10 —

101,67a 15 7

Since this Reign.

TOTALS.

£. d.

*5,944 7

865.804 6 s'

j >>119,13$ 6

*5 3.31*

118,150

1,066,517

15 6*|

V 1,184,788 13 j

*1,984 — —

747»3<* *5

39,jn ——

i*/>i9 — —

3.134,795 >7 9

765.07* 5 to

Remaining on the 30th September, 1705, in Money, and Tallies, towards satisfying the said Debt.

To be received from the Exchequer, of the Money voted by the House of Commons, in the late Sessions of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy for the Year 1705. In the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands.

£ i. £.

3*1,073 — — 9i37* 7 10

*11,677 J — *5»584 13 3

105,631 5 6 7,661 14 5

I *

; 5,»53°

fin the Hinds oh 'the Cashier oil

' ' )the Sick Mid)'*'*0 10 3 vWounded - -J

3,136,468 13 4

540,381 10 6

The aforesaid Money, and Tallies, being deducted, the neat Debt on the 30th Day of September,

1705, was ;v/s.

i. d.

15.944 7

797.6*9 *» 7

*,*36,5*6 15

65*.777 S

39,099 9 9

55.049 5 9 1,6411037 »7 1

Debts, as they stood on the 30th of September, 1705. Remaining on the 30th, September, 1705, in Money, and Tallies, towards satisfying the said Debt. The ^fore&id Money, and

HEADS To be received - Tallies, being

of the Parti< J rulars. - - from the Exchequer,' of the Money voted by the hon. House of Commons in the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy for th<- Year 1705. Io the Treasurer deduced, the neat Debt on the 30th Day

NAVAL ESTIMATES. r Before this Reign. A Since this Reign. TOTALS. of the Navy's Hands. of September, I705S' was} viz.

Register Office. £. d. £. u d. £. * £. 1. d. £. t. £. u i.

Due to the Seamen, that have been registered, pursuant to an Act of Parliament

on that behalf, according to an Account received from i

the Commissioners thereof - *,39* — — *09,547 *6 10 *10,941 *6 10 - - - 120,942 16 IO

Memorandum: There was in the Treasurer of the Navy's Possession the Sum of £.100,025. 61. zd. in Money, and Tallies, struck on the 8th 4s. Aid, which is reckoned as Part of the £.540,381. iox. 6 J. remaining to be received for the last Year's Proportion; but, in as much as 'tis not declared to what Service the aforesaid Sum is to be applied, it could not be charged here to any of the aforesaid Heads, in the Column of Money remaining in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands.

And there are also Tallies in his Hands, ft ruck upon the Reversion of Annuities, to the Value of £. 539673, which, as Money shall be raised upon them, is to be applied aa follows, viz, £. a 3,67 3 toWear and Tear j and the other £. jo, oco to the Victualling.

Paid Bounty to the Widows, and Orphans, and Relations, of the Officers, and Seamen, drowned in the great Storm ——

For the Ships built in lieu of those loft in the great Storm - - - -

Paid -at the last of September, 1705, Bounty-money to the Officers and Seamen, upon Account of the Engagement in the Mediterranean - -

Paid on the said Head at the jft of October, 1705

16,604 s 7 *34 *r —

*9.737 9 8 3,148 16- 1

173,8*1 11 4

Betides, the Navy Board are going'on daily, a« Ships come the — ay for if, and aa PeojJ* apply, who have milled their Calls, iu paying the Bounty-money for the Engagement;

These several Heads were w»ted by Parliament, and Her Majesty addressed to, to cause the same to be paid; although no Money-hath yet been granted by Parliament for the fame. j

.n- - Ge&.Ch*rthiUi--

if. 1PageUp .:

' R. Walpole,

VO

SuqiUjQfitf ti I 'NNy V

Ordnance

Eftknate.

20

Admiralty Office,) 13 November, 1705. J

13° Novembris.

The said Account is, as followeth j viz.

A. 1705.

RATE. CO s «s Advice Boats. CO a. TOTAL. Number

Tear and Month. !. " I. 24 34 4,h 5<h 1 6th Fire-ships. C2 4> > 6 <u B § &0 c PQ Sloops. Yachts. C/3 3 & 0 SB. Store-ships Hulks. of Men.

1704. November - 5 32 59 35 22 8 1 5 7 14 1 2 12 194 44,168

December - - 3 8 35 60 36 22 10 2 5 8 14 I I 2 207 5°»499

1705. January - 3 7 36 61 36 22 10 6 5 8 >4 I 3 I 2 2I5 5T>7°4 50,616

February - - 3 6 36 61 37 23 10 5 5 8 14 I 3 I 2 2I5

March m 3 6 36 61 38 23 10 5 5 8 14 I 4 2 217 50,811

April - - - 3 6 37 62 37 24 10 5 5 8 14 I 4 I 2 219 51»41

May - - 3 6 37 62 37 28 10 5 5 8 *4 I 4 T £ 223 51,856

June - - - ' 3 6 36 62 37 at 10 5 5 8 *4 I 4 1 2 222 5J>39 9

July - - mm 3 6 35 62 37 *8 10 5 5 8 14 I 4 1 2 221 50,88 6

August - 3 6 35 63 37 28 10 5 5 8 14 I 4 1 2 22a 5^296

September - m 3 6 35 kz 3? 28 10 5 5 8 *4 1 4 1 2 221 50.436

October - 3 6 35 62 37 28 10 5 5 8 *4 4 1 2 . 221 5°A3S

The other Estimate is bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lieutenant-general Earle acquainted the House, that her Majesty had (pursuant to their Address) been pleased to direct him to lay before this House,

An Estimate of the Charge of her Majesty's Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1706, for Sea Service; and,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1706, for Land Service; and.

Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of Septembert 1705; and also,

An Account of the Money, paid by the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, between the 30th of June, 1704, and the 30th of September, 1705.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly, and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimates and Account are, as follow j viz.

I. The Estimate of the Charge of ibe‘ Office of her Majesty's Ordnance, for the Y lr 1706, for Sea

Service. r,

jC* t. d.

THE Proportion for this Office for 40,000 Men, at 4*. per Head - - 104,000 — —

To carry on the building of the Wharf at Portsmouth -

To Ordnance, Carriages, and other Stores, for the Ships building in lieu of those loft in the late dreadful Storm; viz.

Guns.

1 Ship, of 70 -

3 more, of 70 each 1 Ship, of 60 3 more, of 60 each

10,000 — —

s.

c

2,670 9 8,011 9

2,388 16 7,166 10

d.

8

To deduct for the Guns salved

Remains -

£.20,237 5 4

- 1,998 8 —

18,238 17 4

£.132,238 17 4

G. Churchill.

H. Paget R. Walpole.

II.

The Estimate of the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance, for the Year 1706, for Land Service.

£. d.

THE Charge of the Hollands Train 45,000 ——

The Ordinary of the Office, comprizing Salaries, Rents, and Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms,

Carriages, as likewise the Expence of Stores in the several Garrisons, and other incident Charges.

For Two Hundred Tons of Saltpetre, for supply of the Stores - For the Charge of repairing Fortifications -

The yearly Charge at Jamaica The Charge of Stores sent to Newfoundland -

The yearly Charge of the Powder sent to Portugal, and the Pay of the Train there -The Charge of Stores, and Tools, sent to Gibraltar, and a Tear's Pay to the Officers, Gunners, and Artificers there ——

The yearly Charge of an Engineer at New York - -

The Charge of Stores font in the Expedition with the Earl of Peterborough The yearly Charge of the Officers employed in the same Expedition The Charge of Small Arms, for supply of the Stores.

28,273 13 9

10,600 ——

15,000 ——

1,126 7 6

3,026 10 1

- 17,366 7 6

24,120 4 7 182 10 —

*3>584 4 7

2,701 ——

12,000 — - —

£.172,980 18 —

Memorandum: The Charge of repairing the Fortifications at Gibraltar is not yet transmitted to us.

C. Musgrave, Tho. Erie,

W.

Ja.

Craggs.

C.Musgrave, Tho. Erie, W. Bridges, Ja. Lowtker, Ja. Craggs.

III. Debt

21

4 Ann. i 30

III. Debt of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1705.

Due to Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered, and Services, performed, to 30th , 1705

Due to the Holland Train Due to the Tenders on the Bomb Vessels in the Straits, as also eight Fireworkers, sixteen Bombardiers, and four Carpenters -

Due to Engineers, and Artificers, &V. at Newfoundland, and for Works there -

Due to Engineers, and Artificers, at Jamaica - -

Due to the Portugal Train, for Arrears, and Contingencies -Due to the Commissary of the Naval Stores at L, for Hire of

Vessels, and Storehouses for the Stores there -

Due to an Engineer at New York Due to an Engineer sent to Gibraltar, and to Fireworkers, Bombardiers, and Gunners, there, and for Stores sent -

Due for the Expedition with Earl Peterborough -

Due for Stores sent to Newfoundland ——

Due for Salaries, and Rents of Storehouses, fjfr.

Due for Stores on Contracts and Warrants - -

Due on Contracts with Gun-founders -

Due on Contracts, and Warrants^ with Gunsmiths, for linall Arms

123,247 9 5

14,548 19 1

4,243 14 —

1,642 7 6 1,126 7 6

4.9 °37 6

3>5*6 *3 4 182 10 —

24,120 4 7 16,285 4 7

3,026 10 1

4.7a6 5 7*

12,200 — —

15,800 ——

7,800 — — -

£*37.379 *3 af

C. Musgrave, Wm. Br,

Tho. Erie,

Ja. Lowther, Ja. Craggs.

Freemen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Huntington, in the County of Huntington, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the lad Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Huntington, the Candidates were Sir John Cotton, Baronet,

Edward Wortley, and John Pedley, Esquires: That Mr.

Wortley, by his Friends and Agents, and by Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, before and at the Election, procured himself to be elected and returned one of the Burgesses for the said Borough, to the Injury of the Petitioners: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein what shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Kinaston(according to Order) presented to the SmaimanV

House a Bill, for supplying a Defect, by the Death of ^UaU-a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smalman, of IViidcrlop, in the County of Salop, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provision more effectual for such younger Children3 and the same was received.

A Petition of Robert Greenall, the younger, Gentle- GreenaU's man, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, ^ate' that, upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage with Eliz. his Wife, Part of an Ertate, lying in the Parish of King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, was settled upon the Petitioner, and his Wife, and their Issue, in Tail Male, with Provision for younger Children, Remainder to the right Heirs of the Petitioner for ever: That the Petitioner hath an Opportunity of felling and disposing of the said Estate, for the Advantage of himself and Family, and of purchasing another Estate with the Money, arising by Sale of the Premises, more agreeable to their Circumstances; but the Petitioner having Issue three Sons, who are Infants, the Sale cannot be effected, without an Act of Parliament, though all Parties interested are consenting the reunto: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the said Estate, and that the Money, arising the reby, may be laid out in purchasing another Estate of better Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. North do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

IV. The said Account of Money paid by the Office of Ordnance, for Stores, &c.

Land. Sea.

Paid between the 30th of June, 1704, and the 30th £. s. d. £,. s. d.

1705 -Paid between the 30th of June, 1705, and the 30th 114.949 3 1 112,272 13 6

tember following - *9.T25 3 9t 37,401 4 H

144,074 6 10 J 149.673 l7 71

C. Mufcrave. Tho. Erie,

IVm. Bridges, Ja. Lowther, Ja. Craggs.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hentington

Boron gh Election*

A Petition of John Negus, late Mayor, and several others, on behalf of themselves, and others, Aldermen, Vol. 15.

The House being informed, that there being a Doubt, St. Mirhcel whether a Petition of Chester Nance, Esquire, formerly Election, presented to the House complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of St. 'Michael, in the County of Cornwall, and which has been referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and appointed to be heard the nth of January next, was regularly signed; and, to prevent any Objection touching it, another Petition was written by the said Mr. Nance, with his own Hand, and signed by him: And the same was presented to the House, and read, to the same Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, at the same time the former Petition is appointed by them.

A Petition of Thomas Allyn, junior, William Painter, Whitchurch junior, John Cox, Richard Neave, Robert Reynold, Henry on-

Cooper, Richard Majfte, John Benham, and Edward Bradley, Freeholders and Burgefl'es of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, Daniel Parke, John Shrimton, and

F Richard

L*

CVsriitiy lile&ioa.

Warwick

Borough

Election.

22

° NoVembris. . 1705.

Richard Woollaston, Esquires, flood Candidates:' That the Petitioners had a Right to vote at such Election, and offered their Votes for Mr. Pa; but "James , the Mayor, refilled their Votes, and yet admitted several to vote for Mr. Woollaston, that had no Right to vote, and hath arbitrarily returned Mr. , though he

tvas not duly elected: That the Petitioners finding Mr. Parke hath not petitioned this House for Relief, they are apprehensive, that, by an Acquiescency under such illegal Proceedings they may be deprived of their Rights of voting at future Elections: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day three Weeks, being the fourth Day of December next.

A Petition of several Freemen of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that before and at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said City, many illegal Practices were urcd on the behalf of Sir Christopher[laics and Mr. Gery; and that by

Riots and Tumults, and Partiality of the Sheriffs of the said City, many were deterred from giving their Votes, according to their Intentions; by which undue Practices, the Petitioners conceive, they are deprived of their legal Representatives: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^.

Tellers for the Noes,|j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take her Majesty's most gracious Speech into further Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House, for her tender Regard to the Good and Welfare of both her Kingdoms of England and Scotland-, for her great Care, and Endeavou -, to settle the Succession of the Kingdom of Scotland in the House of; for preserving the

Peace, and promoting the Union, of the two Kingdoms: And to allure her Majesty, that this House will, to the utmost of their Power, assist her Majesty to bring this great Work to a happy Conclusion; and likewise, that the will be graciously pleased to direct, that the whole Proceedings of the last Session of Parliament in Scotland, relating to the Union of the two Kingdoms, and the Settlement of the Succession of Scotland in the House of Hanover, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Glia. Hotham, . Thompson:

Anne/lev,

Toke:

l

l99-

Mercuriiy 140 die Novembris;

Anno 40 Annje Reginae, 1705.

P II A Y ERS.

A PETITION of Sir John Baronet, was

J-~\. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament, the honourable Francis and Doddingtcn

»4

Grevill, and the Petitioner, and , Esquire,

flood Candidates for the Borough of Warwick: That the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes;'and several other legal Voters offered to poll for the Petitioner, but were refused, and others were admitted to vote for Mr. Grevills, who had no Right; and by other illegal Proceedings, the said Francis and Doddington Grevill have procured themselves to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will take the Matter into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioner therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Electors in the Borough of Warwick Warwick, in the County of Warwick, was presented 1}orouS,‘ to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last.

Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Francis and Doddington Grevill, Esquires, and Sir John Burgoin and Roger Burgoin, Esquire, Hood Candidates: That Sir John Burgoin had the Majority of qualified Electors, notwithstanding several of the Petitioners, and others, who had a Right, were refuted to poll for him, and divers, that had no Right, were admitted to poll for the Grevills -, who, by several other illegal Practices, have procured themselves to be returned, in prejudice to the Petitioners Rights: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House being informed, that there being a Doubt, whether a Petition of Sir Hardolph Baronet,

and Robert Mokfworlh, Esquire, formerly presented to

the House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, and which has been referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and appointed to be heard upon the Seventh Day of December next, was regularly signed; and, to prevent any Objection touching it, another Petition was signed by them: And the same was presented to the House, and read, to the same Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the liimc, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, at the same time the former Petition is appointed by them.

r.Hit

IMfnrd

Election.

A Petition of Simon Harcourt, Esquire, was presented ! 0 ury to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Burks, the Petitioner, Sir John Packington, Sir John Whit wrong, and Simon Mayne, Esquire, flood Candidates: That the proper Officers, for managing Elections to Parliament for the said Borough, were William Spencer and William Gouldsworth, the legal Constables; but the Precept was delivered to William Lee and Robert Todd, who were not the legal Constables of the said Borough; yet they proceeded to the said Election, and, by admitting many to poll for Sir John Whitwreng and Mr, Mayne, who had no Right, and by reason of divers other illegal Practices, they had a Majority on the Poll, and were thereupon returned, with the Precept, by the said Lee and Todd, though the Petitioner and Sir John Packington were duly elected by a Majority of qualified Voters, and as such were returned by the said Constables Spencer and Gouldsworth; but the Sheriff of the said County refused to receive the same: And praying, that the House will examine the Matters aforesaid, and give such Relief therein, as to them shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

and

4 Ann. 140

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Milbnm Port A Petition of Sir Richard Newman, Baronet, and EledUon. Henry Devenish, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milburn Port, in the County of Somerset the Petitioners, and Sir Travel/, and Tho. lycoit, Esquire, were Candidates: That the Right of Election there hath (time out of mind) been in the Capital Bailiffs, and their Deputies, the Stewards, and all the Inhabitants of the Borough, possessing or occupying a Burgage House: That, according to such ancient Right, the Petitioners had a great Majority of Voices, and ought to have been returned; but the proper Officers to take the Poll, and make the Return, refused to allow the Votes of divers qualified Persons, and also refused to return the Petitioners, to their great Injury: And praying, that the House will take into their Confederation the ancient Rights of the said Borough, and relieve the Petitioners, according to the Justice of their Cafe.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Plvmpton A Petition of Richard Strode, Esquire, on behalf of Election, himself, and other Freeholders, inhabiting within the Borough of Plimpton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Right of electing Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was anciently in the Bailiff, and Freeholders inhabiting within the said Borough} but, under Colour of a late Charter, the Mayor and Corporation have endeavoured to alter the said ancient Method, and exclude the rightful Electors, by introducing Strangers: That at the last Election the Petitioner was duly chosen, but by Contrivance of the Mayor, and others. Sir John Cope, and Richard , Esquire, are re-

turned as duly chosen, in subversion of the Rights of the said Borough, and in prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House,

Monies ap- An Account, shewing, what Sums, between the 8th

plied to of November, 1704, and the 8th November, 1705,

Services. *iave keen aPphed to the Publick Services of the Years

1702, 1703, and 1704; and also,

An Account of the respective Grants in Parliament for Publick Services of the Year 1705, what Monies have arisen by those Grants, till the eighth Day of No-. vember, 1705, to what Services the same have been applied, and what other Monies have been applied to those Services.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Army Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that her Majesty Estimate. had (pursuant to their Address) been pleased to direct him to lay before this House.

An Estimate of the Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in England, Jersey, and Guernsey, the Plantations,

and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706:

An Estimate of Forty thousand Men, to act in Coo-junction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706:

An Estimate of the Troops of Augmentation in the Low Countries, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706:

Vol. 15.

An Estimate of the Forces upon the Establishment of Portugal, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706:

An Account of her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidies payable to her Allies, pursuant to Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1706:

An Account of l'ome extraordinary Expences of the War, not provided for the last Session of Parliament, or incurred since.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly, and he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, and Accounts, were read.

And the said Estimates, and Accounts, are as follow; viz.

I. The said Estimate of Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in England, Jersey, and Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706.

Horse. Numbers.

First Troop of Guards - - 181

Second Troop of Guards 181

Third Troop of Guards 181

Troop of Grenadier Guards - l77

Royal Regiment of Guards -Dragoons. 427 1147

Queen's Regiment, Colonel

Carpenter - - - 407

Earl of Essex's Foot. 407 814

First Regiment of Guards - 2283

Coldstream Regiment of

Guards ----- - 1143

Royal Regiment of Fuzileersx 834

Colonel Rivers's Regiment - 8jV T i°94

'Lieutenant-general Earl's 834

<U Regiment - -

U M > Colonel Handafide's at 966 ,

0 Jamaica - -

rt \ Colonel Livefaye's - - 7°2 /

<u cn Colonel Whet ham'-.s in the

U1 0 Leeward Islands - - 834

Uh Brigadier Mor das 834

_Lord Paston's - - - - 834 _ COO 4 12,059;

Four Companies at New

York 449

One Company at Bermudas - 58

One Company at Newfound-

land ----- -- 60c

£ s. d. 12,659

General Officers - 10,669 10 — }

Contingencies - - 7,938 11 8 (

Garrisons, fyc. - - 16,87-2 11 8f

Invalids - - - - 5,000 j Total

Five thousand additional

Charge, per Annum.

£. s.

85,607 14 2

29,479 16 s

,9I»545 18 4

306,633 9 2

9.885 U 6

0 (

O '

Forces, to serve with the Fleet.

Lord Charlemos Regiment ——

Brigadier Gorge's - -

Colonel Caulfield's - -

Colonel Bretons -

Colonel Soames's -

Sir Cha. Hotham's - -

<£. s. d. General Officers 7,604 3 4 Contingencies i upon Ac- > count - )

2,000

357,000 —

834

834

«34

834

834

834

-5004

516,519 6 8

40,480 13 4

87,125 10 — 9,604 3 4

Total

96,729 13 4

II. Estimate

24

14° Novetnbris.

A. 1705.

II. Estimate of 40,000 Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Loiv

Countries, with the 1706. Charge thereof, for the Year

Numbers. Charge,

Horse. per Annum.

Lieutenant-general - £ * a

Lumlcy's Regiment 598

Brigadier Cadogan's Lieutenant-general H7ynd ham's - - 400 f-

400

Major 'ge n e ra 1IVood's 400

Duke ol Schon berg's 400 122,153 6 8

Dragoons. 2198

Lord John Hay's 54t

Major general Ross's 54‘ 38,677 16 8

Foot. Royal Regiment of 1082

Foot ----- 1876

General Churchill's-Brigadier Webb's -Ld.North and Gr^'s Brireadier How's Colonel Godfrey's -Lieutenant-general higotdby's - — Lord MorJaunt's -Colonel Sabine's Colonel Hattons Late Brigadier Fer gufons - -

Sir Richard 'Temple s Brigadier Meredith's Colonel Elliott's Colonel Evan's - -

938 938 938 938

938

938 93 8 938 938 938 938 938 938 938 938 867

— ‘4.937

Oencral Officersi6 Contingencies Forage and Waggon-Mom* y

£. * 40

rsi6,302 10 10 f 10,000 ----- ----- >

| iG,259 15 — J

18,217

Total for the E- - -

lucre afe £.246 75. 6(f. by the addition of thrceTroopers to Brigadier Cadogan't Regiment, and two Dragoons wanting in the two youngest Troops of each Regiment of Dragoons,

258,514 5 10

419.345 9 2

42,562 5 10

461,907 15 —

gl} Danes -

n f Prussians- -

% ' tHeflians -

3 3 Hanover and CW/

6,000

2,532

3,080

10,000

-----21,6l2

Il6,282 15 —

43,018 18 6

53,685 ——

171,329 10 —

846,223 18 6

39,829

Increase £.784 76, 6t/. to the Troops of Huiiover, pursuant to the Treaty, concluded after the last Supply was voted by the Parliament, in addition for the twelfth Battalion, taken into the Service.

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men - 20,000 — For Forage, Waggon-money, and ReO

cruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant > 20,000 — to the Treaties - - - - -\

Total - £.886,223 18 6

III. The Estimate of the Troops of Augmentation in the I^ow Countries, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706.

o

c2

"go

t*l

"Colonel Ls Regiment -Brigadier Farrington's -Colonel Stringer's -Colonel Macartney's - -

e . ^Two Regiments

iC

,) of Dragoons - S )T'vo Regiments *»( of Foot - -

'Two Regiments of Dragoons - -

[Two Regiments of Foot - -

Munjler. Three Regiments of Foot - -

HeJJe Cajfc/l.One Regiment of Foot - -

O/nabrug. One Regiment of Foot - -

Oojl Frize. One Regiment ot Foot -

'One Regiment of Dragoons - -

Two Regiments of ' Foot -One Regiment of Foot more - -

Palatine. Four Regiments of Foot - -

Danes. Surplus of the Danes, part of the 40,000 Men transferred to the Establish-ment of the Troops of Augmentation - -

Total

One half for her Majesty

Numbers.

876

876

876

876

Ill6

17 66

892

1708

*35°4

-2882

2600

2442

885

807

797

SB*

1596

797

-2974

— 2600

—— 520

— 20,011

— 10,005

Charge, per Annum.

Guilders. St.

667,037 10 578,981 5

4S8, 260 10

3 5 »,754 5 122,621 15 110,626 18 113,405 10

497, 5*3 S 322,321 5

Which Sum of 1,714,137 Guilders, 10 Stivers, at 10 Guilders 10 Stivers to the Pound Sterling, makes - -

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men ——

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties -

i74,752 x7

3,428,175

i,7‘4,‘37 10

163,251 3 6

5,000 ——

9,260 ——

Total - 177,511 3 6

The

4 Ann.

140 Novembris. 25

The Estimate of the Forces upon the Establishment of Portugal, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 1706.

Horse. Numbers. Charge per Annum.

Major-general s £. s. d.

Regiment - - - - 418 23,107 10 10

Dragoons.

The Royal Regiment 589

Major-general Cun-

ningham's - - 443

— i,c>32 36,378 6 8

Foot.

Earl of Portmore's Re-

giment - - - 876

Lieutenant-general

Stewart's - - 876.

Colonel Hill's - - 876

Earl of Barrims 876

Brigadier Blood's 876

Brigadier Brudenall's 876

Lord Montjoy's 876

Colonel IVade's - 876

Earl of Donnegs 876

Colonel Hans Hamil-

ton's - - - - 876

8,760 I5S»I25

10,210 214,610 17 6

General Officers - 11,436 13 4

Contingencies 4,000 — —

*5>436 *3 4

Total of the Establishment - - 230,047 10 10

Deduct of the Poundage - - 7,668 5 —

Remains - £. css 222,379 S 19

The laid Account of her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidits payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties,

for the Year 1706. Crowns a Year. Pounds Sterling.

To the King of Den- £. s. d.

mark, to be paid in Bank Money at Hamburg 150,000 37.5°°

To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of 13,000

Men, 666,666 Pata-coones, 33 St. at 4j. 6 each - 600,000 1 1 O O O 6 ►4

T 0 the Duke of Savoy, at the rate of 53,333 Crowns -p*1 per Month 640,000 160,000 — —

To the Landgrave of

HeJJe Cajfel 25,000 5,952 7 6

To the Elector of Treves - - 25,000 5.952 7 6

To the Elector Palatine ' 20,000 4,761 18 6

To the King of Prujfta, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the

Charge of 8,000 Men,

lent to the A Alliance of the Duke of Savoy 200,000 50,000 — —

1,660,000 414,166 13 6

Vol. 15.

The Account of some extraordinary Expences of the War in the Year 1705, not provided for in the last Session of Parliament, or incurred since.

To the King of , for her Majesty's Share of the Subsidy payable to him, pursuant to the Treaty, commencing the 4th of January 1704, O. S. at the rate of 200,000 Crowns a Year from that Day, to the 24th of December next ——

Bounty-money bellowed upon the Land Forces, that served in Germany the Campaign 1704, pursuant to the Address of the House of Commons Additional Charge to the Troops of Hanover and Cell, pursuant to the Treaty, concluded since the Supplies for the Army were voted by the last Parliament -

For General Officers in the Expedition to Spain under the Earl of

Peterborough, from the ill of April to 24th December 1705 - 5,631 16 8

For Contingencies, t 3 OOQ___

upon Account - J

Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, which were killed and loft in passing the Enemy's Lines, and which died of the common Distemper, this last Campaign in the Lozv Countries, between the ill of May and the 31st of October, per Estimate

For Officers Horses of the English Troops, that have suffered the fame

Fate; viz.

Of the Horse 7 and Dragoons - 3

Of the Foot, who have been equal Sufferers this Campaign, as well as the last, and, without some Belief, will not be able to take the Field the next Year

J.

4,180 — —

10,880 ——

s.

48,630 ——

65,000 — —

784 7 6

7,631 16 8

15,296 ——

15,060 — —

Total - 152,402 4 2

Memorandum :In the Computation for Recruit Horses, there is reckoned only for such, as are certified upon Oath to have been Lit within the aforesaid Time; since which, there are more Horses dead, and continue to die daily; so that the Sum is daily increasing, of which a further Account is expected over.

The Loss the foreign Troops, in her Majesty's Pay, have suffered of this kind, is likewise to be con-lidered, as soon as the Resolutions of the States General shall be known; her Majesty being obliged by the Treaties to pay such Rates, as shall be regulated by the Dutch for the Troops in their Service.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Vaughan (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Marriage cf Charles Ow, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, both of Ncjh, in the County of Pembroke; and the same was received.

G Ordered,

Poor Relic f.

Owen'*

Estate.

i^-

Supply.

Smalrrnn's

Ellate.

Order against Strangers.

Marlborough Writ.

Chippenham

Writ.

Borealfton

Writ.

Warwick

County

Writ.

26 140 — 150 Novembris. 1705.

Ordered, That the Estimates and Accounts, which were presented to the House Yesterday, and this Day, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Then the House (according to Order) refblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Annas Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

AB 1 L L for supplying a Defect, by the Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry , of

in the County of Salop, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provision more effectual for such younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, of many Strangers coming into the House, and Galleries, to the great Disturbance of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take into his Custody all such Strangers, as shall presume to come into the Body of the House, or the Galleries, during the fitting of any Committees therein; and that the Lobby, and Stairs coming up to the Lobby, be kept clear of Footmen; and that the same be a standing Order of the House.

Edward AJli, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Haylesbury, in the County of Wilts; and also for the Borough of Marlborough, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of tesbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough, in the room of the said Mr. AJb.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Walter White, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Borealfton, in the County of Devon, in the room of William Cowper, Esquire, now Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Warwick, in the room of Sir Charles Shuckburgh, Baronet, deceased.

Robert Dormer Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Buck; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Northallerton, in the County of York; made his Election to serve for the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Northallerton, in the room of the said Mr. Dormer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the room of William E/fon, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brack/ey, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable John Sidney, Esquire, now Earl of Leicester, called up to the House of Peers.

Hugh Bofcawen, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cornwall', and also a Burgess for the Borough of Truro, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Truro, in the room of the said Mr. Bofcaiven.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of Tanfield Esquire, de-

ceased.

Ordered, That Thomas Allyn, junior, William Paynter, junior, John Cox, Richard Neave, Robert Reynold, Henry Cooper, Richard Majfie, John Benham, and Edzcard Bradley, the Persons who signed the Petition, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, do attend this House upon the 4th Day of December next, when the Matter of the said Petition is to be heard at the Bar of this House.

A Petition of Peter Silvestre, Doctor of Physick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born in and always was a

Protestant, and served as Physician to the Forces employed in the late Reduction of And praying,

that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Godfrey Copley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House being informed, that Charles Cox, Esquire, who was returned in the double Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of and petitioned,

complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said Borough, desires to withdraw his Petition, and not to contest the Matter of the said Return with Henry Ireton, Esquire, returned also in the said double Return; and that the said Mr. Ireton also thereupon desires to withdraw his Petition, which complained also of the said Return and Election;

Ordered, That the said Mr. be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ireton be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter of the said Return and Election were referred, be discharged from hearing the fame.

Ordered.

Northuller* ton Writi

Chichester

Writ.

Brackley

Writ*

Truro Writ.

Reading

Writ.

Whitchurch

Election,

Si I ve ft re's Nat.

Cirencester

Election.

4 Ann. 150 — 160

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the said Borough of Cirencester, in order to amend the fame, by taking off the Indenture, by which the said Mr. Cox is returned.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Addrefe. Address, with relation to the Proceedings of the last Union with Session of Parliament in touching the Union

Scotland. of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and the Succession of Scotland, having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty was pleased to give an Answer in these Words:

I take very kindly the Sense you express of my Endeavours to promote the Protestant Succession, and the Treaty of Union in Scotland.

I have given Directions for complying with your Address; and you shall have the State of that Matter, as soon as it can conveniently be sent you.

Supply. Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service, for the Year 1706, including Eight thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man per Menfem, be allowed, for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

St German's Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had re-Writ. ceived a Letter from Samuel Roll, Esquire, that he, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Kellington, in the County of Cornwall; and also for the Borough of St. Germans, in the same County; made his Election to feive for the said Borough of Kellington.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Germans, in the room of the said Mr. Roll.

Poor Relief. A Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 16* Novembris j

Anno 4° Anna? Regina?, 1705.

Praters.

treenail's "jV/f R. North (according to Order) presented to the Estate. ±VX House a Bill, to enable Robert Greenall, the younger, to fell an Estate in the Parish of King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and purchase another Estate, of as great, or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; and the same was received.

Humble's A Petition of Sir John Humble, Baronet, and Thomas Estate. Humble, Gentleman, only Brother of the said Sir John, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir William Humble, Baronet, deceased, the Petitioner's Grandfather, being seised in Fee of divers Mef-V«l. 15.

Novembris. 27

fuages, Lands, and Tenements, called the Glean, within the Borough of Southwark, and other Lands and Estate in Lincolnshire and Surry, by his last Will and Testament devised the fame, after several Bequests, unto the Petitioner Sir John, for his Life, Remainder to his Issue, in Tail Male, and, for want of such Issue, to the Petitioner Thomas, in like manner. Remainder to Sir William's, right Heirs for ever: That Sir John hath lately intermarried with Sarah, one of the Daughters and Coheirs o{ Andrew Lant, Esquire; and both the Petitioners

have by Articles, dated the 12th of July last past, covenanted, that part of the said Premises shall be settled upon the said Dame Sarah in Jointure, for her Life, and the feme, with all other the Premises, after the Death of Sir John, and his Wife, upon their Issue; but such Settlement, in pursuance of the said Articles, cannot be made, by reason of the said Will, without an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the said Sir John Humble, and his Trustees, to settle the said Messuages, and Premises, pursuant to the said Marriage Articles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pagett and Mr. Scobell do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Robert Kaynes, Charles Uoyd, and Hackney Francis Corrall, on the behalf of themselves, and the ^oach rest of the Hackney Coachmen, who hire Hackney lcences* Coach Licences, and reside in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, being about Four hundred

in Number, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, contrary to an Act of Parliament, for regulating of Hackney Coaches, the Commissioners, first appointed to put the Act in Execution, some of them being prevailed upon by Bribes, and other undue Means, instead of licensing the Petitioners, did license Tradesmen, Women, and other Persons, who never had Coach and Horses; and such Stock-jobbers have now raised the usual farming Price from <£.*6 per Annum to jC.28 per Annum, and upwards; which is so great an Op-prelfion, that the Petitioners are not able to pay the same, and pay their several Workmen, to the Impoverishment of their Families: And praying, that the usual farming Price may be settled at £.16 per Annum; that no Licences

be granted, but to the Petitioners, their Widows, and Sons; and that the Pradtioe of Stock-jobbers may be prevented for the future; in Consideration whereof, they are willing to pay yearly for a Licence, over and above what is already granted, £. 5 which will amount to <£-a>oao per Annum; and refer to the printed Cafe, annexed to the Petition; and that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

A Petition of Thomas Windham, Edward Heron, John LindfW Pettyward, and William Killigrew, Esqtiires, Executors of Sir William Killigrew, Knight, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Dreyners and Participants of Lindsey Level, in the County of , was offered to the House.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended the fjrencester double Return for the Borough of , in the Return

County of Gloucester, according to the Order of Yester- aineiuJccl-day.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners Transport of Transport attended, they were called in, and, at the Debt-Bar, presented to the House,

An Account of the Debt for Transport Service in general, during the present War, to the 30th of September 1705, together with an Account of the growing Charge; and also,

An.

28

16° Novetnbris.

A \ 1705.

An Account of the Expences for transporting her And then they withdrew.

Majesty's Forces, for one Year, ending the 30th of And the Titles of the Accounts were read.

September 1705, together with the growing Charge, And the said Accounts are, as follow; viz. from that Time, per Month.

An A C C OUNT of the Charge of transporting her Majesty's Forces from England to and on the

Expeditions to Spain and the West Indies, as also on the Portugal Service, during the present War, together with what hath been paid, and what was remaining due thereon the 30th of September 1705.

Total Charge. Money paid. Remaining due.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

m 'SMI 1 'SMI 7

- 3,926 10 8 3,926 10 8 —

8,822 6 3 8,822 6 3 —

- 8,814 1 9 2,873 2 5,940 8 7

36,740 5 1C{ 3°,799 '7 3* 5,940 8 7

d.

6

5 116,348 8 n 91,741 13 — 24,606 15 it

3

9* 238,182 14 — J 96,983 *7 i*i 141,196 16 1

£ 391,271 8 10 219,517 8 3 *7X>744 — 7

Holland Service.

The

le Charge of transporting Forces from 7 England to Holland in the Year - \ 1'°2

96,470

19,878

5

3

1703

,7°4

1705

Spanish and West India Service in 1702, and 1703.

The Charge of Freight to Twenty- s.

nine Ships, which went to Spain, and returned home, and to Sixteen Ships more, which went to the West and returned home -

And for Bedding, Cabbins, Hay, and other Necessaries, for Men and Horses

Memorandum: This Remain of

£.24,606. i£s. nd. is due to the Sixteen Ships, that went to the West Indies.

Portugal Service in 1703, 1704, & 1705.

The Charge of Freight to several

Ships, hired in England, H, Ireland, and Portugal -

And for Bedding, Cabbins, Stabling,

Calks, and other Necessaries, for Men and Horses, together with Provisions furnished in Ireland -

Total Charge for Transport Service in general - £.

Memorandum: There are at present in her Majesty's Transport Service, Sixty-nine Ships; viz.

One at Lisbon, Sixty-one in the Straits, and Seven going from Ireland to Portugal; the growing Charge whereof is Nine thousand Nine hundred and Sixteen Pounds per Month,

Memorandum: Over and above which, there is remaining due for Principal, on Account of three several Bills of Exchange for £.5,000 Sterling, drawn in the Years 1698 and 1699, from Rotterdam, by Daniel Sadler, late Agent for Transport Service in Holland (for which he hath given the King Credit) on the then Commissioners for Transportation, which they accepted, but for want of Money could not pay the same, the Sum of Two thousand

Pounds, for which he hath been imprisoned, and is likely to be ruined thereby - - - a,000 ——

And for Interest thereon, to the 30th September 1705, and for Protests, and Postage - - 847 18 8

£.2,847 18 8

Samuel Atkinson,

Transport Office, Nick. Roope,

November 15th, 1705. Tho. Colby.

The

4 Ann. i6° — 17® Novembris. 29

The said Account of the Charge and Expence for the Transportation of her Majesty's Forces, for one Year, ending the 30th of 1703.

For Freight, Provisions, and other Necessaries, for Men, Horses, and Clothing, transported this Year from England to Holland

For Freight of several Ships, hired in Ireland and E,to carry Forces to Portugal, and for several Ships hired in England, and at bon, to attend the grand Fleet For Provisions, and other Necefe faries for Men and Horse from Ireland, and England, to Portugal, and for Bedding, and other Necessaries, for 5,000 Men, to attend the grand Fleet -

For Freight, and Provisions, in transporting 2,100 Men between England and Ireland

£. s. d.

8,814

112,016 13 6

21,280 12

817

— 1

X

Total - - 142,928 9 8

Memorandum: The growing Charge for 69 Ships, now in her Majesty's Service, is ,£.9,916 per Month.

Sam.

Nick. Roope,

Tho. Colby.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Accounts, relating to Transport Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Corners took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The said Account is bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter from Sir Robert Clayton (who is ill) that he being chosen a Citizen for the City of London; and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of Norfolk; he made his Election to serve for the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of ,in the room

of the said Sir Robert Clayton.

A Petition of John Farmer, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, that the Petitioner being seised of a Messuage, and several Closes,' in Ratcliff Culey, in the County of Leicester, the same was settled, upon his Marriage with his now Wife: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable him to fell the said Premises, in order to make a further Settlement upon his Wife of new purchased Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition} and that Sir George Beaumont, and Mr. Winjlanhy do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Lowther (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law for preventing clandestine Outlawries } and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton have Leave to go into the Country for ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1706.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1706.

Public Reve- Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-nues and ing next, take into Consideration the Accounts of the ^k18, publick Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 170 die Novembris;

Anno 40 Annas Reginje, 1705.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prayers.

MR. Morley, from the Commissioners of Prizes, presented to the House, An Account of Prizes, from the 7th of November, 1704, to the 15th of November, 1705.

And the Title thereof was read.

Vol. 15.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

H

Castlerifing

Writ.

Farmer's

Elute.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Leave of Abl'ence.

Supply.

Leave of Absence.

Poor Relief.

Silvestre's

Nat*

CreenaH's

Estate*

Owen's

Estate*

Privilege — a person in Custody peti* lions for discharge.

Additional

Army

Charge.

Committee of Privileges.

Supply.

JO 190 — 20°

Luna, 19° die Novembris;

Anno 4* Ann* Reginas, 1705.

Prayers.

SIR Godfrey Copley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for naturalizing Peter Doctor of Physick; and the feme was received.

A Bill, to enable Robert G the younger, to fell an Estate in the PariQi of King's in the County of Worcester, and purchase another Estate, of as great, or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, both of Nash, in the County of ,was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Low, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, in assaulting Sir John Hawles, and his Servant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was overcome with Drink, when he committed the said Offence: That he is but a poor Servant, having a Wife and Children, who cannot subsist without his Employment; and that he ii heartily sorry for his said Fault, and humbly begs Pardon for it: And praying, that he may be difehatged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said William Lowin be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, an additional Charge on account of the 40,000 Men in Holland, in the Year 1705.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said additional Charge is, as followeth; viz.

For Horses taken by the Enemy, and dead of the common Distemper abroad, belonging to the Officers of her Majesty's Battalion of Foot Guards, serving in the Low Countries, not included in the Account presented to the House the 14th Instant - - £-6io ——

Ordered, That the said additional Charge be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do not fit after Twelve a Clock at Night;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the}

Tellers for the Noes,^'--} So it passed in the Negative.

90.

xoo.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of tire Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have JLeavc to fit again.

Novembris. A. 1705.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 20® die Novembris;

Anno 4° Annas Reginae, 1705.

Prayers;

A BILL, for naturalizing Peter Silvestre, Doctor of Silvestre'* Physick, was read the First time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Daniel Sadler, Agent for Tran (port Ser- Transeort vice in Holland, in the late War, was presented to the Service. House, and read; setting forth, that in 1698 and 1699 the Petitioner did draw from Rotterdam three Bills of Exchange, for £. 5,000 upon the then Commissioners of Transports for his late Majesty, for which the Petitioner gave the King Credit, which Account was adjusted by the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army and Transport Service; and though the Transport Commissioners accepted the said Bills, there yet remains unpaid £. 2,000 Principal, besides Interest, and Charges, which, they alleged, they could not pay, for want of Money; upon which, the Possessors of the Bills have since imprisoned the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will make the Possessbrs of the said Bills Satisfaction, as the House shall think meet, and thereby prevent the Ruin of the Petitioner, and his Family.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds be allowed to the Office of Ordnance, towards making a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Two hundred Thirty-eight Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Four Pence, be allowed to the said Office, for Ordnance, Stores, and Carriages, for Eight Ships, new built in lieu of those loft in the great Storm.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

William Lowin, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, Privilege — for a Breach of Privilege, in assaulting Sir John Hawles, a person re-and his Servant, was (according to Order) brought to Jeii the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri- charged, mand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said William Lowin be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Regulating the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Watermen Lightermen, upon the River ‘Ihames-, and that Sir Gil- &c> '

bert Heathcott, Sir William Scawen, and Mr. Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House being informed, That one Francis Great

and Richard Bartholomew, who, had been summoned to R«l«;yn. attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to give l0U

Evidence with relation to the Election of Great in the County of Wilts, are brought to Town, and kept confined; and that there are three Persons at the Door, who can give an Account of that Matter;

Thereupon

4 Ann. 20° Novembris.

Thereupon John Parlor was called in, and examined touching the fame; and then withdrew.

David Parker was called in, and examined touching the same; and then withdrew.

John Jackson was called in, and examined touching the lame; and then withdrew.

Mr. Hookes was called in, and examined touching the fame; and then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Francis Bushell and Richard Bartholomew do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ways ReJohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ami Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, already granted to her Majesty.

Union with Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that, pur-Scotland. suant to their Address to her Majesty, (That Ihe would graciously please to direct the whole Proceedings of the last Session of Parliament of Scotland, relating to the Union of the two Kingdoms, and the Settlement of the Succession of Scotland in the House of Hanover, to be laid before this House) her Majesty had been pleased to direct him to lay before the House,

Queen's Letter to the Parliament, 18 June, 1705: Resolve of Parliament, 17 July, 1705:

Act for a Treaty with England:

Order of Parliament, 4 September, 1705:

Address of the Parliament of Scotland to the Queen, 4th September, 1705.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly. And the Titles were read.

And the Papers are as follow j viz.

Queen's Letter to the Parliament, 18th June, 1705. ANNE R.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IT has been our great Care and Concern, ever since our Accession to the Crown, to preserve the Peace, and promote the true Interest and Advantage, of that our ancient Kingdom, and, above all, to have your present Establilliment so secured, that both you, and after Ages, may reap the Benefit thereof.

You are now again met in Parliament, and, no Doubt, with a full View of all your present Circumstances; which we heartily wifti may be seconded with such Endeavours on your Part, as what may bell accomplish what we so really design.

In your last Meeting we recommended to you, with the greatest Earnestness, the settling of the Succession of that our ancient Kingdom in the Protestant Line; and several Things having since happened, which shews the great Inconveniency of these Matters continuing in Suf-per.ce, we cannot but at present moll seriously renew the Recommendation of this Settlement, as being convinced of the growing Necessity thereof, both for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Peace and Safety of all our Dominions, and for defeating the Designs and Attempts of all our Enemies, and to prevent any Objection to the said Settlement, that can be suggested from the Views, or Fears, of future Inconveniencies, that may happen to that our Kingdom from thence. We shall be ready to give the Royal Assent to such Provisions, and Restrictions, as shall be found necessary, and reasonable, in such a Cafe; and therefore we mull still leave it upon you, as most necessary for all the Ends abovementioned, that you go to the Settlement of the Succession, before all other Business.

We are fully satisfied (and doubt not, but you are) that great Benefit would arise to all our Subjects, by an Union of Scotland and Enand that nothing will contribute more to the composing of Differences, and extinguishing the Heats, that are unhappily raised and fomented by the Enemies of both Nations, than the promoting of every thing, that tends to the procuring the fame: Therefore we earnestly recommend to you, to pass an Act, for a Commission to set a Treaty on foot between the Kingdoms (as our Parliament of England has done) Vol. 15.

for effectuating what is so desirable, and for such other Matters and Things, as may be judged proper for our Honour, and the Good and Advantage of both Kingdoms for ever; in which we shall most heartily give our best Assistance.

The Supplies, granted by the-Parliament, for maintaining the Forces, with the Forts, Garrisons, and Frigates, are now at an end; and these being still necessary to be maintained, as likewise, that the Magazines of Arms and Ammunition be duly fumished, for the Peace and Security of the Kingdom, specially nowin time of War, we doubt not, but you will provide the Supplies needful, in such Manner, as may be most ealy, and effectual.

We have named the Duke of Argyle to be our Commissioner, to represent our Person in this Session of Parliament, as one, of whose Capacity, and Zeal for our Service, and the Kingdom's Good and Advantage, we are fufEciently allured, and no less hopeful, that he will be to you acceptable.

We have fully impowered him to declare our firm Resolutions, to maintain the Government both in Church and State, as by Law established; and likewise to consent to such further Laws, as shall be thought needful for that End.

We have allb impowered him to give the Royal Afi-sent to such good Laws, as shall be concluded, for the advancement of Piety, and discouragement of Immorality, for the better encouraging and improving of Trade and Manufacture, the further securing of private Rights and Conveyances, and for promoting the more easy and speedy Administration of Justice, and, generally, for what may be found, for the Good and Advantage of the Kingdom; in all which, and whatever else may contribute to the Happiness and Satisfaction of our People, you shall have our ready and chearful Concurrence. And so we bid *you heartily farewell. Given at our Court at Windsor Castle, the 18 th of June, 1705, and of our Reign the 4th Year.

By her Majesty's Command,

Sic subscribitur.

DAVID NAIRN.

II. Resolve of Parliament, 17th July, 1705.

Resolved, That this Parliament will not proceed to the Nomination of a Successor, till we have had a previous Treaty with England, in relation to a Commerce, and other Concerns, with that Nation: And further it is resolved, that this Parliament will proceed to make such Limitations and Conditions of Government, for the Reftification of our Constitution, as may secure the Liberty, Religion, and Independency, of this Kingdom, before they proceed to the said Nomination.

Act for a Treaty with England.

The Estates of Parliament considering, with what Earnestness the Queen's Majesty has recommended to them the settling of the Succession to the Imperial Crown of this her ancient Kingdom in the Protestant Line, failizing Airs of her own Body, and also to enter into a Treaty with her Kingdom of England, as the-most effectual Way for extinguishing the Heats and Differences, that are unhappily raised betwixt the two Nations, and 19 prosecution of her Majesty's royal and just Purpose of having a Treaty set on foot betwixt her two Independent Kingdoms of Scotland and England, without which, these Things, of great Consequence betwixt them, cannot be accommodated; therefore her Majesty, with Advice and Consent of the Estates in Parliament, do enact, statute, and ordain, that such Persons, and Quorum thereof, as shall be nominated and appointed by her Majesty, under the Great Seal of this Kingdom, shall have full Power and Commission, like as her Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, doth hereby give and grant full Power, Commission, and Authority, to the said s Persons, and their Quorum, to convene and meet at such Time and Times, and in such Place and Places, as her Majesty shall please to appoint, to treat and consult with such Commissioners, as shall be authorized by Authority

2i° Novem

Union with Scotland.

32 20* —

of the Parliament of England of and concerning such other Matters> Clauses, and Things, as, upon mature Deliberation of the greatest Part of the said s Commissioners, assembled as aforesaid, and the Commissioners to be authorized by Authority of the Parliament of , according to the Tenor of their Commissions in that behalf, shall think necessary, and convenient, for the Honour of her Majesty, the common Good and Welfare of both the said s Realms for ever. And the said s Commissioners for both the said s Kingdoms shall, according to the Tenor of their respective Commissions, set down and reduce their Proceedings in the said Matter into three several Writings and Instruments, each of them to be subscribed, and sealed, by the said s Commissioners, and their Quorum; to the end that one of these Writings, or Instruments, may in all Humility be presented to the Queen's Majesty, and another of the said s Writings, or Instruments, to be offered to the Parliament of and the

other of the said s Writings, or Instruments, to be offered to the Parliament of England, at their next Session to be held in each Kingdom respectively, after such Writings, or Instruments, shall be subscribed and sealed by the (aids Commissioners; that thereupon such further Proceedings may be had, as by her Majesty, and both the said Parliaments, shall be thought fit, and necessary, for the Weal and common Good of both the Paid Kingdoms; to which Parliaments the intire Consideration of the whole, and the allowing, or disallowing, of the fame, or any Part thereof, as they shall think tit, is wholly re-served. And it is further provided, that no Matter or Thing be treated of, proposed, or agreed, by the said s Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall be of any Strength, or Effect, whatsover, until it be first confirmed and established by Authority and an Act of the Parliament of Scotland: Provided also, that the said s Commissioners shall not treat of or concerning any Alteration for the Worthip, Discipline, and Government of the Church of this Kingdom, as now by Law established.

Order of Parliament, 4 , 1705.

Agreed, and Ordered, by the Estates of Parliament, Nemine contradicente. That the Commissioners, to be named by her Majesty for the Kingdom of shall not commence the Treaty of Union, until the Clause in the English Act, declaring the Subjects of Scotland Aliens, be refeinded.

Address of the Parliament of Scotland to the Queen, 4th September, 1705.

May it please your Majesty:

We, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Noblemen, Barons, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament, do in all Humility represent to your Majesty, that, in Compliance with the Desire of your Majesty's royal Letter, whereby you earnestly recommend to us to pass an Act, for a Commission to set a Treaty on foot betwixt the Kingdoms of Scotland and England, and for a nearer and more compleat Union between them, and for such other Matters and Things, as may be judged proper for your Majesty's Honour, and the Good and Advantage of both Kingdoms for ever, we have, by our Vote, agreed to the passing of the said Act, in the most fair and equal Terms, that could be ex-pcdled, leaving to your Majesty the Nomination of the Commissioners for this Kingdom, and the Time and Place of their Meeting with the Commissioners of England.

But tho' we have in that Act forborn to take any Notice of a Clause in a late Act of the Parliament of England, intituled, "An Act for the effectual securing " the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, " that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the 4C Parliament of Scotland," by which Clause the Natives of this your ancient Kingdom of Scotland are, after the 25th Day of December next, to be adjudged and taken as Aliens, born out of the Allegiance of the Queen of England; yet we cannot but with all Submission signify to your Majesty, as Sovereign of beth Kingdoms, that tye, and the whole Nation, whom we represent, are. most

A. 1705.

sensible of the great Injuries done us by that Clause; whereby were are denied the Right and Privilege in England, which the Natives of England do enjoy in Scotland, and which we have constantly enjoyed in England, as a legal and necessary Consequence of our being natural-born Subjects of the same Sovereign, and hath always been sustained, as a mutual Privilege, in the Courts and Judicatures of both Nations.

For which Reason we have found it absolutely necessary, for maintaining the Honour of this Nation, to agree and order unanimously, that the Commissioners, to be nominated by your Majesty for this Kingdom, shall not commence any Treaty with England, until first the said Clause in the English Act be repealed.

We must therefore in all Humility entreat, and hope, from your Majesty's Goodness and Justice, that in your royal Wisdom you will take such Course, as the said Clause in the Act of the English Parliament may be repealed, to the Effect the aforesaid Treaty of Union, so much desired, may commence, and proceed with the wish'd for Success.

Subscribed, in Presence, by Warrant, and in Name of the Estates of Parliament, by,

May it please your Majesty,

Your Majesty's most humble,

most obedient, and most faithful,

Subject and Servant, SEAFIELD, Chancellor,

Sic subscribitur. I. N. D. P.

Edinburgh, September the 4th, 1705.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take the said Papers into Consideration.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Poor Relief. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2i# die Novembris;

Anno 40 Annse Regina;, 1705.

Prayers.

A PET I TIO N of Jacob Pechells, and some others, Pechells', was presented to the House, and read; set ting &c. Nat. forth, that the Petitioners are Foreigners, and Refugees for the Protestant Religion, and desirous to serve the Government, according to their Capacities: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt and Mr. Medlicott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Officers, Soldiers, Clothiers, and Army others, concerned in the Army and Transport Deben- DeLenturts. tures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Debentures were issued for Services performed Ten and Twelve Years ago, and were many Years without any Interest: That by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, such of the said Debentures, as should remain unsatisfied out of the Irish Forfeitures, should be made good the next Session of Parliament

o

0 Novembris

Call of the House.

Pury St ldmond's Writ.

Per Pons in attendance dismissed.

Supply.

J Richmond Election.

Richmond

Writ.

Smalmans

Estate.

4 Ann.

21

22

ment after the 24th of June, 1703, with Interest at £. 5 per Cent, from the 24th Decembe1701: That the said Forfeitures are all told, and the Petitioners still unpaid, with about two Years Interest, and are yet unprovided for: And praying, that the said Debentures may be made good.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Seven-night.

Sir Robert Davers, being c'nofen Knight of the Shire

for the County of Suffolk; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the said County of; made his Elettion to serve for the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the room of the said Sir Robert Davers.

The House being informed, that Francis and

Richard Bartholomew attended, according to Order; they were severally called in, and examined.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That they be called in again.

And they being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that they were dismissed, and ordered to attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then they withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. v

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock.

And he moved accordingly, That James Darcy, Esquire, may have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Darcy be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of Whart onDunch, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Novembris \

Anno 4* Annas Reginse, 1705.

Prayers.

A BILL, for supplyinga Defect, by the Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the Vol. 15.

younger Children of Henry of Wildertopp, in

the County of Salop, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provision more effectual for such younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mitton, Sir Wm.Robinson, Mr. Herne, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr.

Moyle, Mr. Windsor, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Forjier, Earl of Dyfert, Sir John Kay, Mr. Digby, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Squire, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Craggs, Sir Temple, Mr. Berk-

ley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Webb, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Yates, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Travell; and all that serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Stafford, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Temple, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Buckingham; and also a Burgess for the Town of Buckingham-, made his Election to serve for the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Buckingham, in the room of the said Sir Richard Temple.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitton have Leave to go into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Dorothy Vachell, Relict and Executrix of Tanfield Vachell, late of Coley, in the County of Berks, Esquire, deceased, and of Thomas Vachell, their Son, and-Heir, of the Age of twenty Years and upwards, and of William Vachell, the second Son, on the behalf of himself, and his younger Brothers and Sifters, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said field Vachell, being seised in Fee of divers Messuages and Lands in the County of Berks, did, by divers Conveyances, grant the same to Samuel Watlington and John Fofier, in Trust, to pay off several Mortgages thereon, by Sale of the said Premises, and all other his just Debts: That the said Tanfield, and his Trustees, were also seised, in Tail Male, of the Manor of Elkington, and other Lands in the Counties of Northampton, Liecester, and Huntington -, and he being much more indebted, than the Sale of the said Lands in Berkshire would arise to, mortgaged other Lands in Berks, whereof he was like-wife seised in Fee; and, by certain Indentures, he, and the Petitioners Dorothy and Thomas, agreed, that they would join in the Sale of the said Manor of Elkington, and with the Money discharge the Incumbrances, that were charged upon the last mentioned Berkshire F.state, which were to be preserved for the Petitioner Thomas: That the said Tanfield, by his last Will, gave all his Landsin Berkshire to the Petitioner in Trust, to pay his Debts, and then £. 500 a-piece to his younger Children: That the Petitioners, and their said Trustees, have endeavoured to fell some of the Lands in Berkshire, but, by reason of the many Incumbrances, and the Infancy of the Petitioner Thomas, no Purchaser will intermeddle therewith: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming the said Conveyances, and Will, and to enable the said Trustees, and the Petitioner Dorothy, to fell the Lands, conveyed to them, for the Purposes in the said Conveyances and Will mentioned, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Thomas.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Topham, Mr. Nevill, and Mr. King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Colonel Samuel Venner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that about the First of March, 1692, there was

I then.

Buckingham Town Writ.

Leave of Absence.

Vachell's

Eftute.

Irish Army Arrears.

Pecbells/Scc.

Nut.

Transport

Service.

Supply.

34 2a0 Novem. ^.1705.

then, and dill remains, due to the Petitioner the Sum of if. 1,099. I2J< jW* for his laid Services, which he proved before a Committee of the last Session of the last Parliament; upon whose Report the House ordered, that it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, is committed, to receive a Clause for the Petitioner's Relief: That, pur-foant thereunto, a Clause passed this House, and was sent up to the Lords for their Concurrence; btit their Lordships were pleated to refuse the same: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to empower the Paymaster of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture to the Petitioner for the said £. 1,099. 5 due to

him as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to the Lord Scudamore, Sir Roger Bradjhaxo, Sir Rushout Cullen, Sir Fra. Lord

Coningsby, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir John Mr.

Swift, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Atmejley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Fra. Majfam, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Coke, Mr. Dockminique, Lord Windsor, Mr. Bridges, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Pigott,

Sir John Wynn, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Moor, Mr. Digby, Mr. Craggs, Mr. England, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Dryden, Mr. I Mr. Ogle, Mr. Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Lamplugh: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt presented to the House a Bill to naturalize Jacob Pechells, and others; and the same was received.

A Petition of John Schopfenin behalf of himself, and other Owners of Dutch Transport Ships, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Commissioners, appointed to take the Debts of the Army, and for Transport Service, were by a Clause in an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, required to make forth Debentures for the Debt, due to the Owners of the Dutch and other foreign Transport Ships, employed in the Reduction of; and the Owners

expected to be paid according to their Contracts, or that Interest should be allowed them; but the said Commissioners, who made out the Debentures but in June 1703, did not think themselves empowered to allow Interest but from Lady-day, 1702, though the English Transports, who performed the same Service with the Petitioners in 1690, and 1691, had their Debentures in 1695, and Interest ever since: That the Petitioners have suffered very much by being out of their Money so long: And praying, that they may be relieved for the Interest of the Money due to them, precedent to Lady-day, 1702.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. ResolvedfWwx. it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the maintaining of Guards and Garrisons, and for Payment of the Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1706, including Five thousand Men, to serve on board the Fleet.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forty thousand Men, which were raised to

JS

aft in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, be continued for the Year 1706.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Eight hundred Eighty-six thousand Two hundred Twenty-three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining of the said 40,000 Men for the Service of the Year 1706.

4. Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Forces, of Ten thousand Men, be continued for the Year 1706.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said additional Forces for the Service of the Year 1706.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty's Proportion of Land Forces, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the King of Portugal, for the Service of the Year 1706, be Ten thousand Two hundred and Ten Men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-two thousand Three hundred Seventy-nine Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 10,210 Men for the Service of the Year 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Five thousand I and Forces, now in Catalonia, be continued for the Year 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee', That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-six thousand Seven hundred Twenty-nine Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Four Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 5,000 Men for the Service of the Year 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand One hundred Sixty-six Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of her Subsidies to the Allies, for the Service of the Year 170 6.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Six hundred and Thirty Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for making good the Payment of her Majesty's Share of the Subsidies, payable to the King of Prussia, which was not provided for in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Payment of the Bounty-money, bestow'ed by her Majesty on the Land Forces, that served in the Campaign in Germany, in the Year 1704, pursuant to the Address of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Eighty-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the additional Charge to the Troops of Hanover and Zell, which was not provided for in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Six hundred Thirty-one Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Eight Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Charge of General Officers, and Contingencies, in the Expedition to Spain, which was not provided for in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Two hundred Ninety-six Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for Levy-money, to make good the Horics of the English Horse and Dragoons, that were killed, and died of the common Distemper, in the last Campaign in the Lozv Countries, between the ift of May and the 31st of October, 1705.

Resolved.

4 Ann.

2 2° — 2 3° — Novembris.

35

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Horses that were loft by the Officers of the English Troops, during the last Campaign in the Low Countries.

The three first of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding these Words, " upon the same Condition they " were at first granted."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That those Words be made Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ye*,

Owert'i

Estate.

Tellers for the Noes,

J184.

Humble's

Estate.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

St. Alban's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Albans, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Public Revenues and Debts.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Accounts of the Publick Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

And the Accounts of the respective Grants in Parliament, for the Publick Service of the Year 1705, what Monies have arisen by those Grants till the 8th Day of November, 1705, to what Services the same have been applied, and what other Monies have been applied to those Services, was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Accounts of the Publick Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown, be adjourned until this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That a Monthly Account of the effective Men on board the several Men of War, for the Years 1702, 1703, and 1704, be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

GreenaH's

Estate*

V eneris,230 die Novembris \

Anno 40 Annas Reginae, 1705.

Prayers,

A BILL to enable Robert Greenall, the younger, to fell an Estate in the Parish of King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and purchase another Estate, of as great, or greater. Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North, Mr. Barker, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Coke, Mr. Laugham, Mr. Vdugban, Sir Ro. Corbett, Mr. Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Cartwright, Sir. John Spencer, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Cox, Sir Humph. Briggs, Mr. Majon, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Dyott, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir John , Mr. Batch, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. , Mr.;

and all that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Salop, Northampton, Worcester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. i5.

A Bill, for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, both of Nash, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Booth, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Offley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Nance, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Moor, Mr. King, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mr.

Owen, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Wortley, junior, Sir John Guise, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Mr. Bray, Mr.

Doivdefuoell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Sir John Wynn, Mr. Coke, Sir Wm. Dames, Mr. Papillon, Sir Owen Buckingham', and all that serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, and the Principality of:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pagitt (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surrey, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, and Agreements, made upon his Marriage with Sarah, his now Wife; and the same was received.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the benefited Malt Interest on Lottery Tickets was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there remains unpaid, of those Tickets, Ticket!

£. 18,565 which carry no Interest, and is the only Parliamentary Debt without Interest, which became deficient about Six Years since, and the Provision, made for Payment of the Principal, is still near a Year before it commences, and will, be about five Years before some of them can be paid: And praying the Consideration of the House, lb as that they may have Interest allowed them for their said Tickets.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of Richard Thornhill, in the County of Thornhill's Kent, Esquire, and Mary, his Sifter, was presented so the House, and read; setting forth, that Henry Thornhill,

Esquire, the Petitioner's Father, deceased, settled all his Lands in the County of Kent (subject to the Jointure of the Lady Joanna, his Mother-in-law) as to some Part, to himself, for Life, and after, as to the greatest Part, to Angelica, his Wife, for her Jointure, Remainder in Trust, for railing £. 4,000 or £.2,000 for younger Children, as he should after appoint, Remainder in Tail Male: That he had Ifluc- only the Petitioners, and Henry their Brother, and died, having by Will appointed /. 2,000 to Mary and Henry, chargeable on the said Trust: That their Father died much in debt, and when the Petitioner Richard came at Age, he made himself Tenant in Fee, and then mortgaged all his Estates, to raise £.4,000, most of which was applied to pay his- Father's Debts: That the Petitioner afterwards borrowed £. 2,500 more, and the Petitioner Mary, to let the Mortgagees have a Pre-r cedency of her Portion, joined in the Securities; and ' her Brother Henry became bound in £. 5.000 to secure the £.2,500, and afterwards made his Will, and Mary Executrix, giving her all he had, and died: That the Petitioner made a Marriage Settlement in 1698, and entailed the said Keutish Estate; but, what with the Jointures, and Incumbrances aforesaid (the Rents hitherto being very inconsiderable) his Debts are increased, and his Estate will be wholly eaten up: That the Residue will be of much greater Benefit to the Petitioner, and

his Children, after the said Incumbrances are paid off:

And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Safe of the said Estate, for discharging the Incumbrances thereupon, and for disposing the Residue of the Money for the Advantage of the Petitioner, and his Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

Mr.

Ways and Means.

Leave of Absence.

Committees.

Limington

Writ.

Pecbell's, Seels at.

Humble s Estate.

Ways and Means.

3 6 23° — 24°

Mr. Wor t ley, junior, and Mr. Hoblyn, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, already granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers reported also from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedeJday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, already granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to go into the Country for five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 240 die;

Anno 4* Annae Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

DOCTOR Peter Silvester took the Oaths appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Limington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Thomas Dore, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill, for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, and some others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surrey, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, made upon his Marriage with Sarah, his now Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, already granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions. Offices, and personal Estates.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personr.l Estates.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Novembris. A. 170 5.

A Petition of Colonel John Rice was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner having petitioned this House, the last Session of Parliament, for Debentures to be given him for the Arrears of Pay, and other Demands, for a Regiment of Horl'e, by him brought over into their late Majesties Service, upon the Capitulation of Limerick, the 3d of October, 1691, upon the Publick Faith, then given by their said Majesties General in Ireland, the House referred the said Petition to a Committee, to examine, and state, the Matters of Fact; who thereupon reported, that the Petitioner had fully proved the Allegations of his Petition; and that therewasdue to him, for Arrears of Pay, £.8,110. 17*. 6 besides the Value of the Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, of the said Regiment, taken from them, amounting to £.3,310, which the Petitioner was forced to pay the Captains, pursuant to an Agreement made upon bringing them over, Jfc appears by a Copy of the said Report, taken out of the Journal of this House, and annexed to the Petition: That, upon this Report, the House ordered a Clause to be added to the Bill, for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, fsfr. for Debentures to be made out, and delivered to the Petitioner for his said Arrears; and palfed the said Bill, with the Clause, and sent it up to the House of Lords, for their Concurrence; but the House of . . upon passing the said Bill, left out the said Clause, with other Clauses of like kind, not upon the Merits of the said Clauses, but for other Reasons (as informed) and this happening at the end of the Session, the Petitioner had not Time for any other Relief: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Debentures to be given him for his just Demands, and great Services, aforesaid, that thereby the Ruin of the Petitioner, and his Family, may be prevented.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Samuel Vernier was referred.

Mr. Serjeant Birch reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Samuel Venner was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the said Petition; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having considered, and examined into, the Allegations of the Petition, it appeared, that the Petitioner, Colonel Venner, was, by Warrant, dated the 8th Day of July, 1690, appointed by his late Majesty Governor of the Hospital of inham in Ireland.

That by a Certificate, dated the 22d of,

169J, under the Hands of the late Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, it appeared, there is due to the Petitioner, for his Salary, as Governor of Kilmainham Hospital, the Sum of £.611. ys. 11

The Committee do find, there is also due to the Petitioner, the Sum of £.487. 12 6 which was laid out

by him for necessary Subsistence of the said Hospital; for which he had the Earl of s Warrant, dated

the 27th of November, 1691, directed to the Paymaster-

general of the Forces in Ireland; which Warrant was produced to the Committee.

That the Petitioner hath long since patted his said Account here in England, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and has been at very great Expences in passing the same through all the Offices, and has obtained his Quietus-, which was produced at the Committee.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that there is justly due to the Petitioner,

£ * d.

For Money laid out and expended about the said Hospitals, the Sum of - - 487 ii 6

And for his Salary, as Governor - 611 9 1 if

Total due - - £. 1,099 2 Si

Ordered.',

Claims of Col. Rice.

Irish Army Arrears.

4 Ann.

24° Novembris.

37

Committee*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according 10 the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Serjeant Birch and Sir Henry Dutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

St. Albans Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Elediou. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Killigrew, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elc&ion and Return of John Gape, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of St. Albans:

That, upon the Poll, there were,

For the Petitioner - - - 233.

For the fitting Member - 234.

That the Right of Election, in general, was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, of the said Borough, and in the Housholders there, paying Scotland Lot:

But whether any Person had a Right to demand his Freedom, and whether all Persons, admitted to their Freedom, had a Right to vote in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, were the Points in Question with respect to the Right of Election.

The Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that all such, as had served Seven Years Apprenticeship to any Freeman within the Borough, and the eldest Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers were made free, had a Right to demand their Freedoms; and that Freemen, made upon such Right, or such, as were made free by Redemption, viz. paying £. 5 according to the Constitution, only had a Right to vote in such Election.

That the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that no Person had a Right to demand their Freedom; but all Persons were made free at the Discretion of the Corporation; and every Person, so made free, had a Right to vote.

In order to make out the Right of the eldest Sons of

Freemen, and of such, as had served Apprenticeships, the

Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, that St. Albans was

a Corporation by Prescription; and as to the Usage in

that respect, they called several Witnesses;

Mtjs s' - I The first had served an Ap-r. Wm. Grunwm, / n , _ v r

Mr. no.

m T7j cl I ( nnee; the lecor.d had been an

Mr. &far. S'trooh:) Aukmaa of the same Years.

the third was 81 Years old, had lived at St. Albans all Lis Time, and had been Mayor:

Who said, it was always reputed in that place, that such, as had served Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman in the Place, and such, as were the eldest Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers were made free, had a Right to their Freedom.

That they never knew honorary Freemen made, till King James Charter; but, if any Tradesman had a mind to settle in the Town, and the Mayor and Aldermen judged such Tradesmen necessary, or convenient, for the Town, it was usual to admit such Person paying £. 5 to the Use of the Corporation: And, to that purpose, they produced the Constitution, or By-laws, of the Corporation; which was read.

That, in answer to this, the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that St. Albans was a Borough by Prescription, but had ivs fi:ft Incorporation in the Time of Edward VI. And they produced a Charter, 7® Ed. VI. which was granted hominibus et in villa Sancti Albani; by which Charter (amongst other things) it is granted, that the Mayor and Burgesses shall fend two Burgesses to Parliament: And that Charter fays, that the Mayor and Burgesses from time to time, de inhabitantibus

pioribus[ a| 'by.rgi illius, shall cledt other Burgesses- from

time to time, fcur.dum discreliones Juas.

[a] The Word, written in the Journal in this Place, isproprioribus; but tin; lirror is corrected from the original Keport,

Vol. 15.

That the fitting Member's Counsel offered also to produce the Charter of King Charles II. as a Charter of Confirmation; and the Petitioner's Counsel admitted it: And from both Charters the fitting Member's Counsel inferred, that the Right of Freedom must be by Charter: That the first Charter being within the time of Memory, there could be no Prescription to any Right of Freedom; but that the Mayor and Burgesses might admit, or refuse to make, any Person free, at their Discretion.

Mr. Richards, who had been Town-clerk nine Years since, said, that honorary Freemen had been made before King James Charter; particularly, Dr. Harris was an honorary Freeman, and voted at an Election in King Charles the Second's Time; but it was admitted, he had served in Parliament for that Borough.

That, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to this Resolution:

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and such Freemen only, as have a Right to Freedom by Birth or Service, or have it by Redemption, and in the Housholders, paying Scotland Lot.

That, the Right being thus settled, the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that the Petitioner was entitled to a Majority of qualified Votes; and also, that they should

Krove some ill Practices, at this Election, by the fitting lember's Agents.

That Evidence was given as to three, who offered to poll for the Petitioner, and were Housholders, paying Scotland Lot; but were denied, as not paying Scotland Lot.

As to the Point of honorary Freemen, and Freemen made by King James's Charter, it appeared by the Evidence, that near an equal Number had been polled on both Sides; but that, which was infilled on by the Petitioner's Counsel, as moll material to the determining, whether the Petitioner, or fitting Member, was duly elected, was, whether a Number of 34, who at this Election offered their Votes for the Petitioner, had made a good Demand of their Freedom; for the fitting Mem-V ber's Counsel admitted their Qualifications, and that they had offered their Poll for the Petitioner.

And as to this, several Witnesses were examined on both Sides.

That the fad, that was admitted on both Sides, was, that about three Years and a half ago, and before the Election preceding this last, on a Court Day, when the Mayor and all the Aldermen were assembled, these 34 met together at the Court-house, in order to be made free: That the Door of the Council Chamber, where the Mayor and Aldermen were, was kept (hut: That the Mayor going to the Door (but not out of the Room) to speak to his Son, the Aldermen cried, " Adjourn, " Adjourn;" and accordingly the Serjeant, attending, adjourned the Court, without calling in any of these 34 to be made free.

Mr r % By the Petitioner's Witnesses it was

r‘ c r?KW! I testified, that the Day, when these 34 Mv.Sikrook, I ppcarc(j> to I, fKe> waJ

John Cock. I p0iQ,ec^ a forthight before, for that Join Howard: by M,f Stbrolk> 'the tlltn

Mayor; but the Reason (as they supposed) why they were not made free, was, because they would not be for Mr. Gape.

Mr. CrosfeU, 1. By the fitting Member) Witnesse,

Pri Martin I 11 was a)(^' t*iat Meeting was carry rj *> ried on in a riotous Manner by 150 or ' iV . 1 200 Peopie> as well such, as had a

J° nagge J Right to their Freedom, as others; and for that Reason, as well as for that Admiral Churchill had given his Opinion, that it was not convenient to make such a great Number free just before an Election, they were not then made free.

That it was also infilled on by the fitting Member's Counsel, that they had not demanded their Freedom, while the Court was fitting.

K But

St. Albans Election.

St. Albans Election.

38

240 Novembris.

A. 1705.

But it appeared by the Petitionee's Witnesses, that feme of them ha 1 spoke to two Aldermen, that came Out of the Court, and dtfired to be made free; which Aldermen returned, while the Court was fitting, and the Court resolved, that no Freemen should be made that Day.

Mr. Sebrock, the then Mayor, after the Court was

adjourned, with the Assistance of one or two Aldermen, made, as far as he was able, the said 34 free; but the same not being regularly done, an Information was brought against him, and he was fined for the fame.

That, as to ill Praflices by the fitting Member, the Petitioner's Counsel called

John Howard; who said, that the Mayor of St. Albans desired his Vote for Mr. , and he promised to give it, on Condition that Mr. Gape would give him a Letter to Mr. Aram, to help him to a Place in the'Excise Office: At first the Mayor said, he would not promise him; but afterwards he said, he would help him to such Letter, if he would vote for Mr. and afterwards

he did endeavour to help him into the Salt Office: And he laid, Afnton, who was an Agent to Mr. Gape, gave him

lor. in consideration that he should vote for Mr. Gape-, and Mr. Ayfeward, the Town-clerk, before the Election, promised him a Guinea, which he received of Mr. Gape the Day after the Election. He acknowleged, he had desired of Mr. Gape to take the Poll, and did take an Account of the Numbers; but the said Mr. Gape told him, he should have no occasion for him to take the Poll, for he had Clerks enough. He also acknowleged, he gave Mr. Ashton a Note for the 10s. he had of him; but fa;d, he was promised to have the Note delivered up. Me said, he voted for Admiral Churchill and Mr. Gape.

Thomas Peacock said, he had promised to vote for Admiral Killigrew, and three Week^ before the Election

had drawn Drink, upon Admiral s Account,

to the Value of 2CV. and Mr sent for him, and desired his Vote for Mr. Gap;to which he objrfling, because of the 10s. owing to him on Admiral s

Account, Stone told him, he would fee him paid for it; and Ire said, he polled for Mr. Gape.

Wheeler Budd said, he had compounded a Debt of £.18 he owed to Mr. Gape, for about half; but it was after the Election; and he had compounded other Debts after the same Rate.

That the fitting Member's Counsel also infilled on several irregular Practices on behalf of the Petitioner; and, as to that, they called several Witnesses.

Charles Turner said, he was sent for by the Duchess of Marlborough; and he went to her, and she desired his Vote for both Admirals: That he answered, he was engaged for Mr. Gape-, to which the Duchess replied, she had no Prejudice to Mr. Gape-, but it was the Queen's Desire that no such Men should be chose, for such Men would unhinge the Government; and the Papists Horses flood saddled Day and Night, whipping and spurring.

John Miller said, that he was asked by one to go to my Lady Marlborough's; and, when he came, the Duchess asked him, who he was for; and he answered, for Colonel Churchill, and Mr. Gape: Thereupon the Duchess asked him, if he would be for such Men, as were against the Queen's Interest, and the Good of the Nation? That she asked him to oblige her with one Vote; and he laid, he thought- he did, by giving her Brother one.

Jeremy Hopkins said, the Duchess of Marlborough sent for him; and when he came, she desired to know, who he was for: That he told her, he had promised to be for Mr. Gape, and her Brother; to which ffie replied, that she had nothing to say against Mr.; but Tackers would be injurious to the Government, and were for the French Interest; and upon that Occasion she read over to him King Charles the id's Speech against Tacking.

Sam. Beech laid, he was sent for by the Duchess; and, when he came, she asked him, who he was for:

*7

To which he answered, that he was for Admiral Churchill, and Mr. Gape; and thereupon she desired him to be for her Brother, and Admiral Killigrew: He told her, he had promised Mr. Gape, and could not be worse than his Word; and thereupon the Duchess told him, he would not be willing, his Goods should be taken out of his Shop, and tore.

Mr. John Hale said, he was solicited by Mr. in the Duchess's Name, who said he came from the Duchess, to desire his Vote; and that he had her Grace's Letter to go to all the Freemen: He told him, he was engaged for Mr. Gape -, and when he saw the Earl of Essex, he would give his Lordship some Reasons for it: That the next Day the Earl of Essex came to his Chamber, and desired his Vote for Admiral Churchill, and Admiral Killigrew: He told his Lordship, he was engaged to Mr. Gape; and my Lord said, Mr. Gape was a Tacker, and so not fit for their Representative. Mr. Hale being asked, if he had not desired Mr. Tomhes to acquaint my Lord Essex, that he would dispose of one of his Votes, as my Lord pleased; he denied it: Upon which,

Mr. Tombes being called, to confront him, said, that Mr. Hale, by him, had desired the favour of my Lord to get Mr. Ainger put into the Commission of the Peace, and at the same time sent my Lord a Compliment of the disposing of his Vote; which, he believes, was the occasion of my Lord of Essex calling upon Mr. Ha.'e. Mr. Hale, being asked, what he said to this, said, he had great Obligations to my Lord, and his Family; and owned, that he desired Mr. Tombs to deliver such a Message.

Gave also an account, that the Duchess had sent for them, and desired their Votes for Mr.

John Wilkinson,

Wm. Gibjon John Cde, Clerk,

Dr. John Cootjworth, I Killigrew, and when they to.ri J J J her, they were engaged to Mr.

Gape, she said, she was sorry for it: Only Dr. Coatjivortk gave some account of a Discourse, that the Duchess and he had together, pro and con, as to several Points of State.

Dagget said, he was told by John Cock, that this was a proper Time to solicit for a Place, and he would go to the Duchess for him; but he did not go: And the Duchess's Gardener said, he would give him a Crown, if he would take up Hopkins Son, and fend him for a Soldier. Hopkins Son was a Fidler.

Mr. Crosfield being asked, if he had not a Place given him since the Election, said, he had great Obligations, for many Years, to the Duke of Marlborough's Family, and had been promised a Place for Six or Seven Years last past, but could hear of none, that was convenient for him, till of late: That he had been arrested about a Fortnight after the Election, upon which the Duchess sent him 20 Guineas; but he had no Promise of it before, nor was it in Consideration of his voting.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Gape, Esquire, is not duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Killigrew, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Albans.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " such," in order to leave out the Words "only, as have," and to insert "having" instead thereof; and also to leave out "have it," before the Words " by Redemption."

And the Question being put, That the Word " such" do (land Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers

Barker*

Estate.

4 Ann. 240 — 160 Novembris.

Telle* for the YeaS,‘^r^S'*HW> },.J.

Te,.eRfor, heNoee, gr^f-. j,69.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made in the said Resolution, by inserting after the Word " Redemption" these Words, " in order to trade or in* " habit, within the said Borough

And the Question being put, That the said Words be inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth \

Tellers for the Yeas ^Lord Wnu tellerstor the ieas,^Mr

Tellers for the Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans., in the County of is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and such Freemen only, as have a Right to Freedom by Birth or Service, or have it by Redemption, in order to trade, or inhabit, within the said Borough, and in the Housholders, paying Scotland Lot.

}*°3-

}l79-

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Gape, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for -he Yeas, { g*

Tellers for the Noes. j} «3-

So it was ref >lved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, That Henry Killigrew, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Albans;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.^'f^' J19J.

Tellers for the Noes,* fj }'*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

letting forth, that the Petitioner's said Husband, being seised in Fee of an Estate in the County of , of about £. 380 per Annum, had incumbered the same with £. 4,000, and by his last Will gave part of that Estate of £. 90 per Annum, to the Petitioner for her Life, and charged the rest with the Payment of Legacies to his younger Children, amounting to £. 2,000, and with other Legacies, amounting to£. 75, and.devised the Remainder to his Son Robert, and his Heirs: That the said Debts do

so daily increase, by Addition of Interest, and Charges, that, after Payment thereof, and of the said Legacies, there will not any thing be left for the said , un-

less the said Estate be speedily fold, for Payment of the said Debts, and Legacies; which, by reason of the Infancy of Robert, the Son, cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the said Estate, for Payment of the Debts, and Legacies, charged thereupon, and preserving the rest of the Money for the Benefit of the said Robert.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Earl of Dyjerl and Mr. Bence do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Elizabeth Huggeffen, the Wife of William Huggeflen't Huggeffen, the elder, Esquire, and William , folate,

the younger, Gentleman, Son and Heir apparent of the said Wm. Huggrjflen, the elder, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Marriage being intended to be had between the Petitioner , and Martha,

the Daughter of PeterGott, Esquire, the Petitioners and

Mr. Gott entered into Articles, the 10th of October last, whereby it is agreed, that with the intended Marriage Portion divers Manors, Lands, and Premises, mortgaged by the said William Huggeffen, the elder, shall be paid off, and a present Provision made for John and Edward

Huggeffen, his younger Sons, and a Settlement made; but the same cannot be effected, nor any Means in the Law used, for discharging the Mortgages, made by Wm.

Huggeffen, the cider, by reason of his Insanity; so that, by a long Payment of Interest, and want of a present Provision for his younger Sons, his Family is in danger to be ruined, unless relieved by Parliament, for making good the said intended Settlement: And praying, that Leave, be given to bring in a Bill, to enable Trustees to make Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said William Huggeffen, the elder, and for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Marriage Settlement aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pulteny do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of St. Albans, by striking out the Name of John Gape, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Henry Killigrew, Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

hunts, 26° die Navembris;

Anno 4° Ann* Reginae, 1705.

Praters.

A COB Pechells, Peter Dufoiffat, Anthony Delauffac, John Monpinfon, Samuel Boerrond, Jacob son, Fran. Roger, Christian Colebrant, Michael Roger, Peter Gilbert Depages, James Legrand, Alexander La-fort, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Eliz. Barker, Widow and Rel'nft of Robert Barker, Esquire, deceased, on behalf of herself, and her seven Children, was presented to the House, and read;

A Petition of Sir Stephen Evans and Henry Cornish and Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners clothed the Marine Regiment under the Command of Admiral Killigrew, for 1691 and 169a, which amounted to the Sum of £.4,103. nr. 8 d.whereof they have received only £.2,620. 19*. so there remains due £. 1,482. 12 8

That the Petitioners applied to the late Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, to have Debentures made out for the said £. 1,482. I2J. 8 but they were of opinion, that, the Marines not being on the Land Establishment, they were not impowered to state the Petitioners Accounts, or to make out Debentures thereupon: And praying, that the House will relieve the Petitioners for their said just Debt.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Samuel Fenner was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Sir Owen Buckingham (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Berks, Northampton, Leicester, and Huntington, for the Payment of the Debts, and raising

Portions

Army

Debt.

Vachtll'f

LlUit.

Sitaeftre's

Nat.

St. Albans Return amended.

Irish Army Arrears.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Supply.

Agmondifhtm . Election.

Army

Debt.

Barry's

Estate.

2 6° — 2 70 Novembris. A. 1705.

Portions for the younger Children, of Tanfield Esquire, deceased, and for the settling other l>ands, in the County of Berks, upon Dorothy ,his Relict,

anti Thomas Vachell, Esquire, his eldest Son, in lieu thereof; and the same was received.

A Bill, for naturalizing Peter Silvejlre, Doctor of Physick, vvas read a Second time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Lord William Lord

Coningsby, Sir God/. Copley, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Dowdf-well, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. , Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Pouitney, Mr. Pelham, Sir Robert , Mr. Lownds, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Mr. Caltkrop, Mr. Portman, Sir Fran. Majfam, Mr.

Jervife, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pocklington, Mr.

Tates, Mr. Masters, Mr. Dummer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order) and amended the Return for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to authorize and empower the late Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces, to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Colonel Samuel Venner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospitals for Sick and Wounded in Ireland, for the Sum of f. 1,099. is. 5 id. and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, after the Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, is read a Second time, and before the Committee of the whole House, for considering further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for the Borough of Agmondisham, in the County of Bucks, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitt, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Gery, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Strode, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Jervois, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Samuel Venner is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 2 7® die Novembris;

Anno 4* Annie Reginae, 1705.

Praters.

CffAMES Dambert took the Oaths appointed, in order «/ to his Naturalization.

A Petition of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Ann, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, after the Petitioner's Marriage, he made a voluntary Settlement of Part of his Estate upon Trustees, which is threatened to be avoided, and recovered by several

Creditors of the Petitioner Robert; but that the same may be secured to the Petitioner Ann, and her Children,

Robert hath agreed with Trustees to fell fmie Part, to pay his Debts, and that the Residue shall be settled on his Wife and Children: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in regard it cannot be effefled but by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Robert Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Edwards, Gentleman, was pre- Edwards' fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that upon Estate, the Petitioner's Intermarriage with his late Wife,

deceased, he settled his Estates in Norfolk and Suffolk, and the Isle of Ely, reserving a Power to make a Jointure of £. 100 per Annum, to a second Wife, and to charge Part of the Premises with f. 1,000 for younger Children of such second Wife, if any: That he has only two Sons by Mary, and Part of the said Estate was given him by Tho. Edwards, his Uncle, charged with several Debts; and the Petitioner hath contrafted more in Lajv-suits, to maintain his Title thereto; which he has noway to satisfy, unless he be empowered by Parliament to fell Part of the Premises, the which the Relations of the Infants, and all Parties concerned, are contenting thereto, it being for the Benefit of the Petitioner, and his Family, and he confirming to be debarred of his referred Power, only as to £. 500: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Toke do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Whitchurch Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Admiral Kil/igrew be added to the Army

Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Samuel Debt.

Venner is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- po0r

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Relief.

House upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, after the Call of the House, and the Consideration of the Accounts of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

A Mcfiage from her Majesty by Mr. Deputy Messaget®

Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod: attend her

Mr. Speaker, _ Wajesty‘

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses; of which he had obtained a Copy: And he read the same to the House; and is, as followed!; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

HAVING newly received Letters from the King of Qnen'a Spain, and the Earl of Peterborough, which contain a jd'cech — very particular Account of our great and happy Sue-ceffes in Catalonia, and shewing, at the same time, the Reasonableness of their being immediately supported, I look upon this to be a Matter of so much consequence in itself, and so agreeable to you, that I have ordered a Copy of the King of Spain* s Letter to my ft If, a Letter from the Junta of the Military Arm of Catalonia, and another Letter from the City of and also an Extrail of the Earl of Peterborough's Letter to me, to be communicated to both Houses of Parliament. I recommend the Consideration of them to you, Gentlemen of the House ol Cortirnons, very particularly, as the speediest Way to restore the Monarchy of to the 1 iouse

Apert re* Reccing Jorcefo in Catalonia.

4 Ann.' 27° Novembns. 41

of Austria; and therefore I assure myself, you will enable me to prosecute the Advantages we have gained, in the most effectual Manner, and to improve the Opportunity, which God Almighty is pleased to afford us, of putting a prosperous End to the present War.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I mud not lose this Occasion of desiring you, to give as much Dispatch to the Matters before you, as the Nature of them will allow; that so our Preparations for next Year may be early; which cannot fail of being of great Advantage to us.

And Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty had commanded him to lay before this House the Papers following j

Translation of the King of Spain's Letter to her Majesty, 22 October 1705:

Translation of a Letter to the Queen from the Junta of the Military Arm of Catalonia, October 23, 1705: Translation of a Letter from the City of Vich, in Catalonia, to her Majesty, 15 October, 1705:

Ext raft of a Letter from the Earl of Veter borough to her Majesty, 13 October, 1705.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly; and the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

The Translation of the King of Spain's Letter to her Majesty, 22 OS 1705.

Madam, my Sifter,

I had not delayed to remind your Majesty of my sincere Respects, had I not waited for a good Occasion of doing it; which 1 have now met with, in having the Honour *0 let you know, that the Town of Barcelona has surrendered to me, by Capitulation. I make no doubt, but you will receive this great News with an entire Satisfaction, as well because this happy Success is but an Effect of your ever glorious Arms, as by reason of those kind and tender Sentiments of a Parent, with which you consider me, and all, that may contribute to the Advancement of my Interest.

I inuft do this Justice to all your Officers, and private Soldiers, and in particular to my Lord Peterborough, that he has shewn, throughout this Expedition, a Constancy, Valour, and Conduct, worthy tire Choice which your Majesty has made of him; and that he could not give me greater Satisfaction, than he has done, of the great Zeal and Application, which he has equally shewed for my Interest and Service. I owe the feme Justice to your Brigadier-general Stanhope, upon Account of his great Zeal, Attention, and most prudent Conduct, of which he has given me Proofs in all manner of Occasions; as also to all your Officers of the Fleet, and principally to your worthy Admiral Shovel!, alluring your Majesty, that he has seconded me in this Expedition with an inconceivable Readiness and Application, and that no Admiral can ever make me more content than he has done. During the Siege of Barcelona some of your Majesty's Ships, together with the Troops of the Country, have reduced the Town of Tarragona, and the Officers remained Pri-loners of War; other Troops of the Country at the same Time made themselves Masters of the Town of Girona by a Stratagem; the Town of Lerida has submitted to me, as has also the Town of Tortofa, on the River Ebro; so that all the Places in Catalonia are taken, except the Town of Ro/es. Some Places in Arragon, not far from Saragojfa, have declared for me; and the Castle of Denia, in Valentia, still holds out, and has repulsed the Enemy:

Four hundred of their Horse have entered into my Service, and a great Number of their Foot have deserted. This Madam, is the Condition, in which your Arms, and the Inclination of the People, have placed my Affairs.

1 need not tell you, what puts a Stop to the Course of these Conquests: It is neither the Season, nor the Enemy: Thole are noObftaclcs to your Troops, wrho desire nothing more, than to be in Action, under the Conduct they now are. The taking of Barcelona with so small a Number of Troops is remarkable enough; but few Examples will be found of what has^happened in this Siege: Seven or Vol. 15.

Eight thousand Men of your Troops, and Two thousand Papers re-Miquelets, have surrounded and inverted a Place, which fading 30,000 French were not able to do. rffainni.

After a March of thirteen Hours they climbed up Rocks and Precipices, to attack a Fortification, stronger than the Town, of which the Earl of Pelerborow fends you a Plan; and two Generals entered with the Grenadiers, on this Attack, with Sword in Hand; where the Prince of HeJJe met with a glorious Death, after so many noble Actions; and I hope, that his Brother, and his Family, will always have your Majesty's Protection. With 800 Men they forced the covered Way, and all the Intrenchments, and Works, one after another, to the last Retreat, against 500 Men of the Troops, that guarded the Place, besides the Reinforcement they had received; and in three Days after they were Masters of the Place.

The Town was attacked under the Castle, and the Cannon and Artillery were again landed with inconceivable Pains and Labour. Two Camps were maintained, and a Communication preserved between them, though near three Leagues distant from each other, against a Garrison almost as numerous as our Army, and who in Horse were twice as strong as ourselves. The first Camp was so well intrenched, that it was defended with 2,000 Men, besides the Dragoons, while the Attack was carried on with the rest; and as soon as a Breach was made, the Disposition was formed, for giving the Assault with the whole Army.

These, Madam, are Circumstances, that perhaps distinguish this Action from any other.

There happened another Accident, which was never known before. The Cruelties of the pretended Viceroy, and the Report, that he intended to carry away several Prisoners, contrary to the Capitulation, had stirred up the Burghers, and some of the Country, to take Arms.

The Garrison being employed in loading their Baggage, in order to march out the next Day, found themselves in very great Confusion, and all Things tending to a Slaughter, when your Majesty's Troops entered the Town, with the Earl of Peterborow; and, instead of busying themselves with plundering, as is usual in lixch Occasions, they appeased the Disorder, and saved the Town, and even the Lives of their Enemies, with a Discipline, and Generosity, without Example.

Nothing remains, but that I return you my moil respectful Thanks, for having sent me so great a Fleer, and so good and valiant Troops, to assist me. After such happy Beginnings, I thought it proper, according to the Opinion of your Generals and Admirals, to maintain in Person the Conquests we have made, and to shew my Subjects, who are lb affectionate to my Person, that I cannot abandon them.

I receive so great an Assistance from your Majesty,

[and your generous Nation, *] that I am overcome with your Goodness, and in the greatest Confusion, that I should be the Occasion of so great an Expence for the supporting of my Interest. But, Madam, I give up my own Person, and my Subjects in , who expose

their Lives and Fortunes, upon the Assurances they have of your generous Protection. Your Majesty, and your Council, know better than we, what is necessary for our Preservation. We shall wait for your Majesty's Succours, with an entire Confidence in your Goodness and Wisdom. It may be seen, what Forces are necessary:

It may also be seen, how great a Diversion we shall give to France. It cannot be doubted, but they will make their utmost Efforts against me, as soon as possible; and 1 doubt not, but the feme Efforts will be used by my Allies, to defend me.

What can be said to you, Madam ? Your Goodness gives you the Inclination, and your Power furnishes you with the Means, to support those, whom the Tyranny of France would oppress. All I can suggest to your Wisdom, and that of your Allies, is, that the Forces, employed in this Country, will not remain useless to the

[*] These Words are supplied from the Translation of this Letter presented to the House.

L Public k

Papers

respecting success in Catalonia*

42

2 70 Novemb

A. 1705.

Publick Good, but will be under an Obligation, and a Necessity, to with the utmost Vigour against the Enemy.

I am ever, with the most sincere Affection, Respect, and Gratitude,

From the Camp at Madam, my Sifter,

Srnia before most affeaionate Brother,

22 October, 1705. LMrles it.

The Translation of a Letter to the Queen from the Junta of the Military Arm of Catalonia, 23 1705.

Sacred royal Majesty,

The Principality of Catalonia being free from the heavy Yoke, suffered by the violent Oppression of France, and restored to the Center of its Felicity, under the easy and desired Dominion of our adored Monarch Charles the 3d (whom God protect) whereunto your Majesty has been pleased to contribute so powerfully, by the Forces of your Crown, is indispenl'ably obliged, prostrate at the royal Feet of your Majesty, to an eternal Acknowledgment of lo sovereign a Favour, with repeated Thanks to your Majesty for the Quality, Number, and Goodness, of the Troops, which have acted with singular Regularity, punctual Obedience, and inimitable Valour j as also for the Choice of the General, my Lord the Earl of Peterborovu, who commands them; since

there is none, that can exceed him in Valour, and few, who can equal him in understanding the Art of War. His Discretion, Affability, and Gentleness, are the attractive Loadstone of the Hearts of the Catalonians; who love and value him, as the Instrument of their Felicity, respect him for his Person, and for his Character of ^'‘jneral of your Majesty; and hope, from your Matty's Goodness, and the generous Strength of the English Nation, a Continuation, with the greatest Efficacy, of effectual Succours, for maintaining the Principality under the gentle Dominion of our King and Lord, and for promoting the great Work of restoring him to the Throne of his Ancestors. Thus all our Felicity, and the Quiet of Europe, will be owing to the glorious Conduct, and sovereign Direction, of your Majesty. God protect the lacred royal Person of your Majesty, as we desire, and is necessary for us.

From the Camp of Sarria, near Barcelona, 23d October, 1705.

The Junta, named by the King our Lord, of the Military Arm of Catalonia.

The Translation of a Letter from the City of in Catalonia, to her Majesty, 15 ,- 1705.

Madam,

We should be wanting to the Law of good Vassals of our King and natural Lord, Don Carlos the Third (whom God protect), if we did not return your royal Majesty the Thanks due to you, as we do hereby give the fame, for having favoured him, in the Conquest of this Principality, with the powerful Fleet, governed by the most excellent the Earl of General

by Sea and Lind; who, by his great Zeal, Direction, Constancy, and Valour, mattering all Difficulties, and overcoming Impossibilities, which presented themselves in the Enterprize, has obtained a glorious Triumph over the Cattle and Fort of Monjuich, and over the City of Barcelona, and, with it, over the rest of the Principality. We do therefore repeat to your Majesty our just Acknowledgments; assuring your Majesty, that, as this good Fortune fills us with Joy and Acclamation, so it does however much afflict us, that the Distance between your Court and this City deprives us of the Accomplishment of our Desires, which is personally to throw ourselves at the royal Feet of your Majesty, as we do by this Letter execute it with cordial Affection, there being none so much concerned in this singular Enterprize, as the City, and ourselves. May your Majesty enjoy repeated Congratulations, since it has been your Arms that have placed our Catholick Monarch on the Throne of this Principality; and we hope, that in what ' he has further to do, for conquering the Monarchy, your Majesty's royal Protection will not be wanting to him, whereon we rely for Succels.

We beseech God to prated your Majesty's Person, as is necessary. Vici, October 15, 1705.

Madam,

Your royal Majesty's

most obliged humble Servants,

The Counsellers of the City of rich.

The Ext rad of a Letter from the Earl of Peterborough

to her Majesty, 13 October, 1705.

The King of Spain has very obligingly eased me of the Necessity of giving your Majesty an Account of Particulars. ' Upon the whole, I believe, your Majesty's great Goodness will make you graciously accept of my Endeavours. I shall only say, Madam, my Thoughts and Actions shall never have any other View but your Majesty's Glory, and the Good of my Country'.

1 would say more to your Majesty of your Officers, and Troops; of the great Assistance from the English Fleet; of the Courage, Cheerfulness, and exact Obedience, of your Soldiers; if 1 did not think their Actions did sufficiently recommend them to your Majesty's good Opinion, and to the World; but I must not omit to let your Majesty know, how happy we have been in a perfect Agreement with the Officers of the States General, of Sea and Land. Nothing has been desired from the Dutch Admirals, or offered to the Dutch Generals, which has not been complied, even beyond what could be hoped, or reasonably desired.

I do not solicit your Majesty for the necessary Supports of all Kinds, for this happy Beginning. Your Majesty, your Allies, and your Parliament, can never abandon a King, beginning his Reign with an Action of such Resolution and Courage, nor a whole Province, and your own Troops, entirely depending upon your Wisdom and Goodnels.

We all rest assured of the Care and Protection of the best of Princes, and have nothing to desire so earnestly of Heaven, as the Preservation of your sacred Person, and the long Continuance of a Life of such Consequence to the whole World.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address — drels be presented to her Majesty, to congratulate the Succcisiu glorious Success of her Majesty's Arms, and those of her Allies, in Catalonia; and to afifure her Majesty, that this House will, to the utmost of their Power, enable her Majesty to prosecute the great Advantages already obtained there.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Pozvys, Mefikpe from and Mr. Justice Gould: Lords.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they have agreed to an Address, to be presented to her Majesty; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

The said Address was twice read, with a Blank; and is, as tolloweth; viz.

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Address — Lords, Spiritual and Temporal, and in Parlia- Good co:ref-

ment assembled, being justly alarmed by the many Artifices, which the Emissaries of France have put in practice this last Year, in order to raise Jealousies, and create Mifundcrstandings, amongst the Allies, engaged in this necessary War, for the Support of the Liberties of Europe; and being apprehensive left such malicious Insinuations, if they should pass unobserved, might in time so far take place, as to abate the Spirit, and slacken the Zeal, of the Confederacy; do most humbly beseech your Majesty, to ule all possible Endeavours to preserv a good Correspondence amongst ali the _ 20 Confederates,

Queen's

Speech

interred.

tn.on with Scutidiid.

Pechelt's*

&C.

Kat.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax

Anfaer to Ataiteis.

4 Ann* 270 — 28° —

Confederates, and in a most particular manner, to maintain and cultivate a ftri£l Friendship with the States General of the United Provinces: and we most humbly entreat your Majesty, that, as in your own way ©fading, you have set before your Allies a great and noble Example; so you would be graciously pleased, by all other proper Means, to excite the whole Confederacy to make early and effectual Preparations, and to exert their utmost Vigour in the Prosecution of the War against France*

Resolved\That the said Blank be filled up with the Word " Commons."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Harrington do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Address, with the said Amendment.

jesty, To congratulate the glorio usSuccefs of her Arms, and those of her Allies, in Cataloni; and to allure her Majesty, that this House will, to the utmost of th*ir Power, enable her Majesty to prosecute the great Advantages already obtained there;

Her Majesty returns you many Thanks for the Affur-ances you have given, which, flie does not doubt, will have a very good Effect at home and abroad.

Ordered, That Mr. Wife have Leave to go into the Leave of* Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfolf into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's gracious Speech this Day to both Houses of Parliament, and of the Letters, laid before this House by her Majesty s Command, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the Proceedings of tire laftStflionof Parliament in relating to the Union of the two Kingdoms, and the Settlement of the Succession of Scotland in the House of Hanover, and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° die Novembris;

Anno 4*'Anna: Regina, 1705.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Queen ap-House, that the Lords have sent to her Majesty, to

know', what Time her Majesty would please to appoint to be attended with the Address of both Houses at Parliament; and her Majesty hath been plealed to appoint Tomorrow, at halt an Hour after Two-a Clock in the Afternoon, for both Houses to attend her at St. s }

and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Pdncef* for exhibiting a Bill in this piefent Parliament, for na- j^vefor turalizing the most excellent Princess Ele&rels

and Dutchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Iffucof her Bodyj to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mtffengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Prayers.

A B ILL for naturalizing Jacob and others,

was read a Second time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir fof.

Tredenham, Mr. Farrington, Sir Mr. Gery, Mr. Giuyn, Mr. Mofnre, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Topham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir

John Kay, Sir Robert Eden, Sir . , Mr.

Kent, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Kil/igrew, Mr. Skippcn, Mr. Coke, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Foley, Sir Fra. Mafjhm, Mr. Ward, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Hampden, Sir Fho.

Mr. Worthy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

yovisy 2 90 die Novembris 5

Anno 40 Anna: Regins, 1705.

A Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shire, and other Members of the House, do, upon Monday Morning next, bring into the said Committee Lists of the Com-iniifioners lor executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, and Places, for which there used to be Comm iff oners.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do receive a Clause, to charge the Deficiency of this, or former Acts, upon such Divisions only as shall appear to the Exchequer not to have an-

fwered the fame.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Address of Yesterday having been presented to her Ma-

Vol. 1,5.

Prayers.

AB1L L for the Sale of certain Lands in the Coun- Vachell'* ties of Berks, Northampton, and Mate.

tington, for the Payment of the Debts, and railing Portions for the younger Children, of Tanfield,

Esquire, dccealed, and for the settling other Lands, in the County of Berks, upon Dorothy ', his Relnft,

and Thomas V achell, Esquire, his eldest Son, in lieu there-

of, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Toh (according to Order) presented to the House Edward's a Bill, to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell cer- Mate, tain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts; and the same was received.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the Committee, to Silveflre's whom the Bill, for naturalizing Peter Silveflrc, Doctor Mate, of Physic, was committed; that they had examined the Matter of the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: Arrd he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition

y

44 ^9° Novembris. A. 1705.

Courtney'* A Petition of Williams, Gentleman, surviving Mate. Mortgagee of certain Lands heretofore mortgaged by Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceastd, and ot William Courtney, Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Humphry Courtney, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Humphry Courtney being seised in Fee of divers Manors, Land, and Premii'es, in ,he

mortgaged the same for£. 10,000. That about five Years since the Mortgage wa* transferred to the Petitioner Williams, and Hugh Bofcawen Esquire, deceased, under a Defeazance, to be void, on Payment of £. 6,789 to the Petitioner, and £. 5,000 to Mr. BojcawenThat the Estate confiding in small Rents, the chief Revenue tarifing by the casual Profits of renewing Leases,(which the Petitioners are disabled to grant, to Advantage, by reaion of the Dcfeazableness of the Edate) the said Debts on Mortgage increase, and the Edate will be funk thereby, and not only the Petitioner s Equity of Re-

demption become of no Value, but divers Creditors by Judgments and Specialties, totally defeated, unless the Edate be speedily fold; which cannot be done to the Satisfaction of a Purchaser, without an ACtof Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said Edate in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgage and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition i and that Mr. Hoblyn and Mr. Bulteel do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Army Debt. Mr. Strode reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Stephen Evans, and Henry Cornish, and Company, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the said Petition, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the said Petition, it appeared, that the Petitioners clothed the Marine Regiment under the Command of Admiral Killigrew, in the Years 1691 and 1692; which

amounted to the Sum of £.4,103 nr. of which

they received only £. 2,620. 19J. l'o there remains due to the Petitioners the Sum of £. 1,482. lis.

That- the Petitioners produced to the Committee two Letters of Attorney, under the Hand and Seal of Admiral Killigrew, one dated the xoth of April, 1691, for the Sum of £.1,730. 141. id. the other dated the 5th of April 1692, for the Sum of £. 2,37a. 17 whereby the Petitioners were empowered to receive the said several Sums of the then Treasurer of the Navy, for clothing the said Regiment; all which was testified by the said Admiral KWigrew, who was present at the Committee, and owned the said Debt.

That it appeared also to the Committee, that the Petitioners did make Application to the late Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament for stating the Accounts of the Army, in order to have Debentures made out for the said Sum of£. 1,482. 12 id. but the said Commissioners were of opinion, that the Marines not being on the Land Establishment, they were not empowered to Rate the Accounts for Arrears due to them, nor make odt Debentures for the fame.

And that, upon the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners have fully and clearly made out all the Allegations set forth and contained in their Petition; and that there is justly due to them the Sum of £. 1,482. ta s.id.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Strode and Mr. Harvey do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Stower A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Free-Navigation. men* a°d other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the making of the River Stower, in the Counties of Suffolk and navigable.

will be of publick Advantage to all the Places adjacent to the said River, by a cheaper Conveyance of.. . Sorts of Commodities, by the Increase of Trade, by breeding up Watermen, and by preserving the Highways: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making, and keeping, the said River navigable, from the Town of Maningtree, in Essex, to Sudbury, in Suffolk.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Gervas Elwes and Mr. Skippou do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, Etldiftone of the Corporation of Trimty-house of Deptford Strond, Light-house. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a dangerous Rock, called the Eddi-fione, lying off Plymouth, upon which divers Ships had formerly been call away, in 1696 a Light-house was begun to be erected thereon by the Petitioners Direction, and in five Years was finished, with great Expence and Hazard, to the good liking of as well the Commanders of the royal Navy, as all Persons trading in Shipping; it not only being for their Safety, for avoiding the said Rock, but also a Direction to all Ships patting through the Channel: That the said Light-house was preserved until the late dreadful Storm in N, 1703, when it was blown down, and fix People, who lived therein, to attend the Light, periftied: That the speedy rebuilding of the said Light-house may be a Means to preserve, not only her Majesty's Ships, but her Subjects; but, for that the Duties, received for the said Light-house, ceased, after the same was destroyed, and did not defray the Charge of erecting and maintaining the fame, by several Thousand Pounds, and the substantial rebuilding thereof will take up a much greater Sum; the Petitioners pray, that Encouragement may be given towards the rebuilding the said Light-house, and maintaining the fame, by enlarging the said Duties, before granted for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; aDd that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Churchill, Admiral

Killigrew, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Compton, Sir John Cotton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Afgill, Lord

Windsor, Admiral Byng, Mr. Strode, Mr. Bridges,

Sir Gilbert Do/ben, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Mr.

Rolle, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr. CSir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Farrar, Major-general Trelawney, Mr.

Dormer, Mr. Pomlett, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Topham, Lord

Powlett; and all the Flag Officers and Seamen of the House i and all that servefor the Sea-ports, and for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that her WhitCmd Majesty, in pursuance of the Address of the House the

last Session, had cauled a Survey to be taken of Whit- ar ur* sand Bay, and Por-de-nac Point, with respect to the Use and Conveniency of a Harbour, and Light-house, pro-poled to be made, and erected there, and an Estimate of the Charge thereof; and that her Majesty had directed the Papers relating the reunto, to be laid before this House: And lie presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Papers are as follow viz.

In obedience to his Royal Highness Commands, signified to the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of

Trinity-houfo, by Letter from Mr. Burchett, of the 25 th of September last, we have, according to the Appointment that had been made of us, taken a strict and careful Survey of Whitfand Bay, and Por-de-tiac Point, with respect

to

4 Ann.

29° Novembris.

to the Use and Conveniency of an Harbour, and Light-house, proposed to be made, and erected, there; and do, from the bed of our Judgments and Observation, humbly report our Opinion thereon as follows:

IV kit far'd Bay, in its present Condition, is no way secure, cither against an Enemy, or the Weather: The Depth of Water within Cowloe Rock (the Place proposed

for an Harbour) is from four to two Fathom, shoaling gradually, and so narrow, as not to admit a Ship to wind in without touching the Ground; which is foul with Rocks, both within and without, till you come into the open Part of the Bay, in Thirteen Fathom Water, where it is sandy; for which Reasons, we cannot judge it capable of being made an Harbour for Ship?, drawing above eight or ten Foot Water; and such must be unavoidably in danger, whenever the Wind is from the North-weft to the West South-weft, by reason of the very great Seas, that will then fall into the said Bay, notwithstanding the Mole proposed should be built: Besides, a Westerly Wind, which is fair to carry Ships up either the North or South Channels, will confine them in the said Bay.

The Charge of building the Mole, necessary for making the said Harbour, will, according to the best Calculation we were capable of making with the Assistance of a proper Surveyor, amount to no less than 170,023. s. 8 d. as may appear by an Estimate thereof, which, with that of the Light-houses also, is hereunto annexed.

As to the Light-houses (for there ought to be Two, if any, to distinguish them from that of that are

likewise proposed to be built on Por-de-nac Point, the Charge thereof is computed at£. 1,211. 5 We cannot conceive the Navigation to be in any need thereof, or that they can be of any Use, unless to Coasters, bound about the Land's End to or from the North or South Channels; but rather, that they may prove dangerous to Ships homeward bound from the Westward, or Southward, by drawing them too near the Shore.

So that, from the Consideration of all that has been before observed, it is our Opinion, that the making an Harbour, and Light-houses, in Bay, and on

Por-de-nac Point, can be of no such Advantage to the Navigation of this Kingdom, with respect either to the Safety, or Conveniency, of her Majesty's or Merchants Ships, as may answer, in any Proportion, to the Charge of doing thereof. Which is, with all humble Submission, laid before his Royal Highness.

Henry

November 17th, 1705. Henry Collins,

Ben.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of building a Mole, and eretting Light-houses, at Bay, and

Por-de-nac Point; viz.

From the main Land to Cowloe Rock is 780 Foot in Length. This cross Wall cannot have left than 60 Foot Basis battaring to 50 Foot aloft; the Medium of which is 55 Foot in Breadth: The Height 45 Foot; and that at high Water, on a Spring Tide, will not exceed 25 Foot above the Superficies. It makes 1,765,500 Foot; and allowing 324 Foot to the Rod, 5,452 Rod, at £10 per Rod, amounts to -

Stone Afivler, for the Front to

ditto, 35,100 Foot, at 2 s.per Foot,

amounts to -

The Backing of this Piece of Wall to high Water Mark with loose Stone, measuring 1,740 Rod, at 3 per Rod, amounts to -

The other Part of the Wall, or Pier, being 1,320 Foot in Length, of the same Height and Breadth with the former, makes 10,0834Rod; which, at £. 10 p:r Rod, amounts to Vol. 1J.

£. s. d. 54,520 ——

3,510 ——

5,220 ——

100,833 6 8

Stone Ashler for the Front to ditto, .59,400 Foot, at 2 s.per Foot, amounts to - -

£ S-5»94° —

d. Whitfand Bay Har-__ hour, &. c.

Tota

The higher Light-house, proposed to be 45 Foot high, and the Diameter 30 Foot, with a Wall of 3 Foot thick, besides the same of A filler, tneafures 37f Rod; which, at £. 6. sos. per Rod, amounts to -Stone Ashlcr to ditto, 4,050 Foot, at 2 s. per Foot, amounts to -The lower Light-house, to be 30 Foot high, but of the same Diameter as the other, measures 25 Rod, and, at £. 6. 10 s. per Rod, amounts

to....

Stone Ashler to the lower Light-house, 2,700 Foot, at as. per Foot, amounts to - -

Timber, and Iron-work, for both Houses - -

170,023 6 8

243 *5 ~ 405 ——

162 10 — -

270 — — -

130 — —

Total - £. 171,234 11 8

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of William, Archbishop of was Archbishop-

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that nek of Dubby the Act of Settlement in Ireland, in 1661, the Reve- lin pftale* nues of the Archbishoprick of Dublin should have been augmented to £. a,000 per Annum, out of the forfeited Fee-farm Rents, which did formerly belong to the said Archbishoprick, and were alienated by former popish Archbishops; of which Fee-farms, so settled by the Act, the Town and Lands called Seatown, being the Forfeiture of one Russell, were Parcel: That in the Reign of King James, the Heir of the forfeiting Person laid claim to the Premises, and, on hearing his Plea before and popish Judges, without any Trial at Law, was put into Possession: That in 1688 the said Heir being in Rebellion, the said Lands were seized into his late Majesty's Hands, who granted them in CuJIodiam to the then Archbishop, until the Church'sTitlecould be considered; and, upon a Report of the Judges and King's Counsel, the fal6 Lands were granted to the Archbishop, and his Successors, for ever; but, upon the Act of Resumption of Grants in Ireland, the said Archbishop was again turned out of Possession, and the Church's Claim not being prosecuted before the Trustees, the Lands were, at the Petitioner's Accession to the said Archbishoprick, exposed to publick Sale, and bought by the Petitioner for £. 3,105.

That the Petitioner is willing to quit the Benefit of his Bargain, so that the said Lands may be restored to the Church: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for restoring the Town and Lands, callecj Seatown, to the See of Dublin, and refunding to the Petitioner the Money, by him paid for the same, out of the Money arising by the Irish Forfeitures, or otherwise, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord Sir Gilbert

De/ben, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Ogle, Mr. AJgill Mr.

Pultney, Sir John Kay, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel

cott, Mr. Calthiop, Lord Hyde, Sir Jekyll, Lord

Powlett, Mr. Roberts, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Foley,

Sir Henty Bunbury, Serjeant Cony ns, Sir fVm. Bowes, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Dormer, Lord Wind for, Mr. Farrer,

Colonel Lee:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

M The

Privilege.

Mahones

Claims.

Print efs Sophia's Leave for Nut.

Repealing Clauses re-1‘pecting Scotland.

Ways and Means.

Union with Scotland.

Public Revenues and Debfcs.

Poor Relief.

Repealing Clauses respectin^ Scotland.

4 6 2po_jo0 Novemhris. A. 1705

The House being informed, that the Matter of the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Sir Hopton Williams is composed, and that he is satisfied touching the same;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Petition of Terence Mahone, and Sarah his now Wife, Administratrix, and late Relict of Walter well, late Deputy Provost-marshal of the Savoy, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that between the xft of March, 1695, and the 31st of December, 1698, the said Cantwelldisbursed the Sum of £. 3x3. 1 s. 5 d. for Fire, Candle, and Oil, for the Use of the Prisoners, and Recruits, at the Savoy, and for Reparations there, as by his Vouchers, and Accounts, duly passed according to the Nature of such Accounts, may appear: That on the 16th of September, 1700, a Warrant was granted by the then Lords Justices to the Lord Ranelagh, then Paymaster-general of the Forces, to pay the said £.313. 1 r. 5 </. out of such contingent Moneys, as should come to his Hands; but his Lordship always alleged, he had no Money in his Hands, to pay the Contingencies of the Army; and the Commissioners of Accounts (upon Application to them) conceived themselves not sufficiently impowered to (late Accounts touching Contingencies; so that the said £.313 nor any Part of it, is yet paid: And praying, that Provision may be made for Payment of the said Debt.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing the most excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the UTue of her Body, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn, and M r. Regers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn" ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House> to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, already granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, take into Consideration the Proceedings of the last Session of Parliament in Scotland, relating to the Union of the two Kingdoms, and the Settlement of the £ucceflion of Scotland in the House of Hanover.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into Consideration the Account of the publick Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, be read upon Tuesday Morning next, before the House take

Into Consideration the Proceedings of the last Session of Parliament in Scotland, relating to the Union of the Two Kingdoms, and the Settlement of the Succession of Scotland in the House of Hanover.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Venerisy 30 'dieNovemhris;

Anno 4# Anns Regins, 1705.

Pra y ers.

A BILL to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surry, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, made upon his Marriage with Sarah, his now Wife, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Jlevens, Mr. AJgill, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pagett, Sir Hen. Colt, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Kay, Sir William Hujller, Sir Hen. Goff, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Wm. Ellis, Colonel Whitchcott, Mr. Lord

Granby, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Manaton, Mr. Dryden, Sir Edward Bagott, Sir Fra. MaJJ'a Mr. Wyld, Sir Edward Irby, Mr. Farrer; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Kent, Stafford, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were read, and are as fellow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for her Majesty's proportion of the Charge towards prosecuting the Successes, already gained by King Charles the Third, for Recovery of the Monarchy of Spain to the House of Aufiria.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the . Land Service to be performed by the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills for another Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of another Year's Interest of the unsatisfied Debentures, chaxged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that both Houses did yesterday attend her Majesty, and present unto her their Addrest; and that thereupon her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

YOUR joining in this Address is a very particular Satisfaction to me.

The Opinion of both Houses of Parliament will always be of the greatest Weight with me.

I shall

Humble's

Etlate.

Supply.

Answer to Addiels.

4 Ann.

30° Novembris. — i6 Decembris.

47

frincefs Sophia s Leave for

I shall readily comply with your desire; and 1 make no Question, but it will meet with a just Regard from all our Allies.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing the most excellent Princess Electress

and Duchel's Dowager of Hattovtr, and the Issue of her Body, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aThird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Third time immediately.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

ClandeOine Ordered, That the Bill for the better enforcing the Outlawries. Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Owen's Ordered, That Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. , Mr.

Etiate. Manley, Mr. Nevill, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esquire,. and Dorothy his Wife, is committed.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Land Tax. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ^ndMeans. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 1 Decembris;

Anno 4* Annas Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

Huggf(Ten's TV/f R. Pulteney (according to Order) presented to the Estate. _LVX House, a Bill to enable the Trustees to make Provision for Payment of the Debts of William Esquire, and for raising Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement upon the Marriage of William HuggeJJen, the younger. Gentleman; and the same was received.

Courtney's

Estate.

Army

Debt*

Edwards'

LUiUe.

Mr. Hoblyn (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for veiling a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate; and the same was received.

Mr. Strode (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to impower the Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces, to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esquire, for the Sum of £.1,482. 12 8 and the fame

was received.

A Bill to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 15.

A Bill to authorize and impower the late Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Colonel Samuel Fenner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded in Ireland, for the Sum of £.1,099.

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Colonel Fenner was referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce, and James Bruce, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts.

Sir George Byng, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough

of Plymouth, in the County of Devon', and also for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts 5 made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Plymouth,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the room of the said Sir George Byng.

Ordered, That the Cause, touching the Election for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Wednesday next.

A Petition of John Afgill, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner did purchase of the late Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, divers Lands and Premises, which they conveyed to him the 23d of June, 1703, and the Petitioner paid in the two first Payments; but by reason of his coming from Ireland, to attend the then Session of Parliament in England, he lapsed the Time for the third Payment, which was the 25th of December, 1704: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for his Relief, by Payment of the said last Payment, with Interest, as the House shall appoint.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Gilbert Dolbeu and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Strode reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Colonel John Rice was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the said Petition; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Surrender of Limerick, the 3d Day of October, 1691, upon the publick Faith, and Assurances then given the said Colonel, by the General of their late Majesties Army in Ireland, of being received, entertained, and continued, in their said late Majesties Service, and paid according to the English Establishment, lo long as their Majesties kept any Regiments in their Service, he did thereupon reject the great Offers, that were made hirh by the French Generals, for carrying the then Regiment of Horse under his Command into France, and joined their said late Majesties Army with the fame; and was accordingly received, and mustered, and had Winter Quarters, Money, Provision, and Forage, given them, as to oth er English Regiments; and continued in their late

Majesties Service with his said Regiment, from the said Surrender of Limerick, the 3d Day of October, 1691, to the last Day of January following, the Day they were broke by Brigadier Villiers, by Orders of the then Lords Justices of Ireland, and their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, taken from them for the publick Use, to make up, and recruit, other English Regiments.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the said Colonel Rice finding his Captains very apprehensive,

the said publick Faith, and Conditions aforesaid, should not be performed to them, and great Endeavours used

by

Irish Army Arrears.

Committees.

Great

Bedwyu

Election.

Great

Bedwyn

Writ.

Ludgerfliall

Election.

Afgill's Purchufe of Irish Forfeitures.

Claims of CoL Rice.

Claim? of Col. K'ice.

48 i° Decembris. ' 1705.

by General Sarsfeld (otherwise called Earl of Lucan) and the French Generals, to carry the said Troops into France, whither they were resolved to go, unless the said Colonel would give them his own Security for the Performance <of the said publick Faith; he thereupon, in Confidence of the said publick Faith, and Assurances given him, as aforesaid, and to prevent the Enemy's Designs in carrying the said Troops into France, found it absolutely necessary to agree to his said Captains Demands; and did therefore give and perfect a Bond of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling to his said Captains, to perform the said publick Faith to them; that is to say, to pay them, and their Subaltern Officers, and Soldiers, their full Pay, according to the Eng/ish Establishment; and also to pay them the

full Value of their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, if taken from them; and further to pay for, and answer, all other Damages, that they might or should sustain by the Breach and Non-performance of the said publick Faith: In pursuance of which Agreement, and in discharge of the said Bond, the said Colonel Rice did pay them theirfullPay, according to Establishment,

and did likewise pay them for their several Troops, Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, which by a Reference, and the Mediation of Friends, he compounded with them for /.450 aTroop, for each of the fivcCaptainsTroops of the said Regiment, being about half the Value, that each of the said Captains Troops were appraised at, the Horles, Arms, and Accoutrements, of the said Colonel's own Troop being valued by the said Brigadier Villiers at One thousand and Sixty Pounds; which added to the forementioned Value of the said Captains five Troops, makes, in all, £. 3,310. Which said Sum of^.450 aTroop, and their full Pay, as aforesaid, the said Captains did, under their Hands and Seals, own the Receipt of, and released the fnne to the said Colonel, gave up, and cancelled, the said Bond of^. 10,000 as aforesaid; and gave a Letter of Attorney, arid full Power to the said Colonel , to put in for, recover, and receive, from their late Majesties, or the Parliament of England, the said Sums of Money, due to them for their laid Pay, and Value of their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, so by the said Colonel paid, as afore saidI; with full Power to release, acquit, and discharge, the; lame, as he should think fit.'

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, by the Account of the said Regiment, Rated, by Order of the Lords Justices of Ireland, by the Commissioners of Accounts, appointed by his late Majesty, for Rating the Accounts of the Army in that Kingdom, that there was due to the said Regiment for Arrears of Pay, to balance the said Account, the Sum of£.8,no. 17J. 6d. besides the Value of their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, as afore let 1 thj which said Account, signed by the said Commissioners of Accounts, was proved before the Committee, together with a Duplicate thereof, signed by the Auditor-general of Ireland, and remaining in his Office.

So that, upon the whole Matter, it appears to the Committee, that the said Colonel hath done eminent Service to the Publick, in bringing over his laid Regiment into their Majesties Service, and hindering it, and other Regiments, going into France; and that he hath fully and clearly proved, and made out, all the Allegations, and Matters of Fact, set forth and contained in his Petition; and that there isjuftly due to the said Colonel Rice, for Arrears of Pay by him advanced, as aforesaid. the Sum of Eight thousand One hundred and Ten Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, together with Three thousand- Three hundred and Ten Pounds, being the Value of his own and the five Captains of the iaid Regiment's Troop Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, being all his own proper Debt, and Money laid out by him for the publick Service; and that he is a great Sufferer, by being so long out of his Money, for a great Part of which he pays Ten per Cent. Irish Interest, besides other Losses and Disappointments he met with, by the Loss of his Command; for which, and the good Services he rendered the Publick, it doth not appear to the Committee, that he had any Compenfuion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Strode, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Bertie (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for settling and securing Part of the Estate of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Ann his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Ann, and her Children, and Sale of other Part

of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts; and the same was received.

4

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Relief of Cities and Counties, Parishes and Townships, where they are defrauded by Receivers, Collectors, or Constables, in the Collection and receiving of Moneys, granted for publick Service.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Baronet,

complaining of an undue Election and Return of William Lord Cheyne, and Sir Samuel Baronet, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Agmondisham, in the County of Bucks:

That the Petitioner's Counsel in the beginning declared, they should not bring in question my Lord Cheyney' % Election.

That the first Point, that came in question before the Committee, was, of the Right of Election.

That the Petitioner's Counsel infilling, that the Right was in all such Housholders, as did not receive Alms; whereof a Poll was taken, and the Numbers were thus: For the Lord Cheyne - - - 90.

For Sir Sam, Garrard - - - 84.

For Sir Tho. IVebJler - - - 91.

But the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that the Right of Election was only in the Housholders, paying Scotland Lot; and that the Poll being call up under such Qualifications, the Numbers were.

For the Lord Cheine - - - 58.

For Sir Sam. Garrard - - - 54.

For Sir Tho. Webster - - - 41.

That the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that the Inhabitants, not paying Scotland Lot, if they did not receive Alms, as well as those paying Scotland Lot, had been used to be polled in this Borough; and that the first Set of Men had commonly come under the Denomination of the [long Poll, the other under the Denomination of the*] short Poll.

That the Evidence, that was offered, to prove the Right of Election, was, as follows:

First, they produced the Report 16 Januarii, 10

between Sir Roger Hill and Sir John Garrard; when it was agreed by the Counsel, that the Right was in the Inhabitants of the Borough, being Housekeepers, not receiving Alms.

In the next Place they called several Witnesses.

Dudley Penner said, he had been acquainted with the Borough ever since the Year 1674. He said, he paid Scotland Lot, and had been Constable; and particularly remembered the Election in 1680; and all Hous-holders voted then, except such, as received Alms.

These Words are supplied from the original Report.

Joseph

Parry's

Eluue.

Supply Bill; Land 'l ax.

Hertford Boro u oli Election.

Agraondpfltam

Election.

4 Ann. i° — 30 Dece 49

Joseph fetich fliid, he had known 30

Years; and had been Constable at two Elections; and they always went by the long Poll. He said, he was born in the Town, and next September was aged 56 Years.

Edward Lery said, he had been acquainted with Ag-mondijham30 Years: That he had served several times as Constable, and had made seven Returns, some of the Returns before, and some since, the Year 1680; and he always polled such, as did not take Collection; and some of them have signed the Indenture of Return.

William Hobbs laid, he was aged 70 Years, and had served three Times Constable; and all, besides those, that received Alms, used to poll at Elections.

Daniel Anderson said, at this Election they polled, as well those, that did not pay Scotland Lot, as those, that did.

Zach. Allnut said, he took the Poll for Sir TAo. fter-, and they permitted him to take by the long Poll, but returned bjr the short one.

That the fitting Member's Counsel, to answer this Evidence as to the Right, produced two Returns; viz, 7* Martii, 15 Car. i* Novem.21 Car.

In which it is said, that the Burgefifes therein named, turn multis aliis burgenjibus et electoribus burgi de

discretioribus, et magis sufficientibus, elected the Burgesses thereby returned:

And also a Report of the Year 1680, upon a controverted Election between Sir Wm. and Algernoon

Sidney, Esquire:

In which same it was resolved. That in the Borough of Agmondisham those Inhabitants only, who paid Scotland Lot, had a Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgefifes, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

That the fitting Member's Counsel also called Matthew Evans;who said, that since the Year 1680, no

Persons thought themselves safe, without a Majority of Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot; but before that Time, they did look upon it, that the Inhabitants at large, who did not receive Collection, had a Right; and ever since they have given the long Poll the Liberty of voting. He said, he remembered no contested Election before the Year 1680; and that it was the Consideration of their Poverty, that excused them from paying Scotland Lot. He said, there was a Work-house set up at about two Years ago, or longer, by Sir Webster, and some said, they must give their Vote for Sir Tho, Webster, or they should get no Work.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Agm, in the County of Bucks, is in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot only.

That thereupon the Petitioner's Counsel at first offered, what by qualifying some, who were refused their Votes for the Petitioner, and by disqualifying others, that voted for Sir Samuel Garrard, to make a Majority for the Petitioner; but that Part was afterwards given up.

As to ill Practices, the Petitioner's Counsel examined one William Barnes; who said Mr. Leper, Madam Drake's Steward, told Wm. Johnson, that, rather than he should be for Sir Thomas Webster, he was ordered to give him 40 s. And he actually'fee him give him Money; but what the Sum was, he could not tell.

He also said, that, being under the Window of a Room, where the said Mr. Leper and one Henry Bishop were locked up, he heard M r. Leper tell , rather than he should be for Sir Thomas, he had Orders to give him £. 3. 10s. He said, the Window was shut; but he heard this through the Window.

That the tilting Member's Counsel called John Salter, John Charfty, Wm. Hopper, to the Reputation of Barnes; who said, he was on idle loose Fellow, and a Person of no Credit; and particularly, had robbed Char-fly a Pond of some Fifii, and his Father of a Pair of Stockings.

Vol. 15.

And that, upon the whole, the Cothniittee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Lord Cheine is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondisham, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Samuel Garrard, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Agmondisham.

The first Resolution being a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Agmondisham, in the County of Bucks, is in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, only;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the } ‘97-

Tellers for theNoes,{|!rr ] ,6S-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The ad and 3d Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 30 die; Anno 4® Ann® Regin®, 1705. Prayers.

A PETITION of Alice Barne, the elder, Widow and Relidt of John Barne, Citizen, and Scrivener, of London, deceased, Henry Barne, her Son, and Alice, her only Daughter, an Infant, by her said Mother and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Barne was possessed of several Messuagesand Lands within the Manor of in

cestershire, and by his Will, in 1691, deviled the same to the Petitioners Henry and Alice, the younger, equally between them: That Henry is 23 Years of Age, and wants Money to set him up; but he is not able to raise it, but by Sale of the said Premises; which cannot be done without an Act of Parliament, by reason his Sifter Alice is an Infant, though it would be more for her Advantage to turn the Premises into Money; and her Mother, who is her Guardian, and all other her Relations, are consenting the reunto: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the said Premises, for raising the Portions of the said Henry and Alice Barne, the younger. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Varney and Sir George Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Aiflaby (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Silvestre, Doctor of Physick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Silvestre, Doctor of Physick.

N Ordered,

Agmon-

distiana

Elo&ioa*

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Barne'i

Eftatt.

Ease of Slieri/ft.

SiWeftiVt

Nat.

Prohibited East India Goods.

Par {on Harbour.

3 Decemlris. 1705.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, that lomeof the Officers of the Customs attended, they were called in, and presented to t he House, according as by an Aifl of Parliament is directed.

An Account of the prohibited Goods, by the old India Company, which were entitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse in Leadenhall; with what has been exported, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from the 29th of September, 1704, to the 25th March, 1705: Allb,

An Account of the said Goods, by the said Company, which pay the Half Subsidy, in Warehouses at St. and Leadenhall-, with what has been received in, and delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouses, from the 49th of September, 1704, to the 25th of March,1705: And also.

The like Accounts from the 25th of March, 1705, to the 29 of September, 1705: And also.

An Account of the prohibited Goods, by the new East India Company, which were entitled to Debenture, in the Warehouse at the Steel-yard-, with what has been exported, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from the 29th of September, 1704, to the 25th of March,

1-joy. Also,

An Account of the said Goods by the said Company, which pay the Half Subsidy, in the abovesaid Warehouse; with what has been received in, and delivered out for Exportation, and remains in the said Warehouse, from the 29th of September, 1704, to the 25th of March, 1705: And also.

The like Account from the 25th of March, 1705, to the 29th of September, 1705: And also.

An Account of the Goods remaining in her Majesty's Warehouse at Out-roper's Office, at Michaelmas, 1704, what discharged since, and what remains at Lady-day, 1705: And also,

The like Account from Lady-day, 1705, to Michaelmas, 1705: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas, 1704, to Ledy-day, 1705: And also,

The like Account from the 25th of March, 1705, to the 29th of September, 1705.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Thomas Fletcher, Esquire, William Fcrycs, Rowland Jackson, Robert Blachlock, Clement Ni-cholfon, and 710. LutwiJge, and others, concerned in the

Coal Trade at Whitehaven, and Parton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Harbour at Parton, in the County of Cumberland, is not capable of receiving Ships and Vessels sufficient for the Coal Trade, that might be carried on there, but might, if enlarged, be made very commodious; which would tend much to the Benefit of the Coal Trade, and Inhabitants in those Parts, to the Increase of Seamen, Navigation, and her Majesty's Customs: But, in regard the Work will cost more Money, than the Inhabitants of Parton are able to rail'e, the Petitioners pray, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for laying a small Duty upon all such Coals as shall be exported from the said Harbour, for making the same more convenient.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr . Mr. ivell, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir John Kay, Mr. Farrcr, Mr. Lowther., Mr. Johnson, Mr. Sir Edw.

Lawrence, Mr. Kent, Mr. StaMr. Pulteney, Mr.

Ro/les, Sir Robert Eden, Sir IVm. Bowes, Sir Wtn. Httjfler, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Wm. Cordon, Mr.

Mr. Aylmer, Lord Coningsby, Sir Joseph Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Yates, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Mr. York,

Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Rigby, Sir Fra.Child, Mr.

Mr. Dimmer, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Mr.

Dryden, Mr. Nicholas; and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Trustees to make Provision for Pay- Hnggefl'en's ment of the Debts of William Huggejfen, Esquire, and for railing Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement, upon the Marriage of William Huggejfen, the younger. Gentleman, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for veiling a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney* Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to impower the Paymaster-general of her Ma- Army Debt, jesty's Forces to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Henry Esquire, for the Sum of One thousand Four hundred Eighty-two Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Eight Pence, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

S\r Gilbert Heathcotl (according to Order) presented to neeuUting the House, a Bill for the better ordering and governing Thame*

O O O 17

the Watermen and Lightermen upon the River of Thames-, " and the same was received; and read the First: time. c*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Thomas TravelI,was presented to Smalman'* the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill lilute. in the House for supplying a Defect, by the Death of a Trullee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smalman, of Wildertopp, in the County of Salop, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provisions more effectual for such younger Children:

That the Petitioner, and Thomas Smalman (the said Henry's Father) and the Rector of Neenton, came to an Agreement, forexchanging certain Bcaft-gates, offtnall Value, upon Neenton Heath, in lieu of a small Quantity of Land of the Petitioner's, lying in Neenton Manor, and the same have been ever since enjoyed accordingly; but by reason of the Settlements made in Mr. Smalman s Family, and the Infancy of the Heir Male, the said Agreement wants a Confirmation in Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to add a Clause to the said Bill, for confirming the said Agreement.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Medlicott, and Mr. Pocklington, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of Lawrence de la Chambre, on behalf of Army Debt, himself, and others, Assigns of John Cardy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Cardy clothed the Scotch Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by the Lord Jedbury, in 1697, which amounted to £.4,255. 17 s,6d. besides £.111. 10 for Standards, whereof the Petitioners have received £.2,462. 17 s. so there remains due to the Petitioners,£.1,904. ioj. g\d.

That they applied to the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, to have Debentures for the said £.1,904. . 10/. g\d, but the Regiment being on the Scotch Ellablish-ment, the Commissioners were of opinion, they could not relieve the Petitioner, though the Regiment was clothed in England: And praying, that they may be' relieved for the said £. 1,904. IOJ* 3*^.due to the Petitioners.

The

4 Ann. 3° — 4° Decmbris.

The said Petition was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved it {elf into Laud Tax. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Conyersreported from the said Committee, that

they had made a further Progress in the Bill} and.were acquainted, that there was to be an Attendance presently upon her Majesty; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after they have-attended upon her Majesty, resolve itself again into the said Committee, to consider further of the said Bill.

Noiwich

Eletlion.

Ordered, That the Report of the double Return, and 'Election, for the City of Norwich, be made upon Tkurf-day Morning next, after the Report, touching the Election for the Borough of Hertford.

Royal Assent A MefTage from her Majesty, by Mr. Afion, Deputy to a Bill. Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned}

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to a Bill, intituled, An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing the most excellent Princess, Sophia, Electress and Duchels Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt t

Mr. Speaker,

Barnett's The Lords have paised a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing William Burnett, Esquire} to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself again Land Tax. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Father Robert settled his capital Messuage, and all other his Lands, in Nantglyn, in the County of , upon

the Issue of that Marriage, in Tail general, with a Power to charge the Premises with £. 220 by Deed, or Will:

That, upon the Marriage of the Petitioner Meredith,

Articles were agreed, to settle the said Premises, Part to Robert, for Life, with Power as aforesaid, Part to , for Life, and the Residue to Meredith, and his Wife, the Remainder of the whole to their Sons and Daughters, in Tail general: That the said Estateis subject to the said Power, and also to Debts and Incumbrances, amounting to aboutj£. 570, which cannot be discharged, nor the Uses in the said Marriage Articles performed} which will prove greatly prejudicial to the Creditors, and the Petitioners, especially Thomas, the Infant, unless Part of the Estate may be fold, and the Remainder settled, clear of all Incumbrances: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for veiling the said Estate in Trustees, to the Intent, that Part of it may be sold for Payment of Debts, and settling the Residue to the Uses intended by the said Marriage Articles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition } and that Sir Robert Eden oxide Mr. Vaughan do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. '

Sir Gilbert Dolben (according to Order) presented to AfiriU's the House, a Bill for Relief of John Afgill, Esquire, Purchase in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates of in Ireland} and the same was received. Forfeiture*.

An.ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burnet'* for naturalizing William Burnet, Esquire, was read the Nat* First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom Owen'* the Bill for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Estate. Marriage of Charles Ozven, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, both of Nash, in the County of Pembroke, was committed } that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the fame, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee} and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question-severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thfc Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Ward, and Mr. Justice Powys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Security of

the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Govern- Queen's

ment, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in Person, and the Protestant Line; to which they desire the Concur- P1®1!?111

,. r 1 Succession.

rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.:

Martts, 4® die;

Anno 4® Ann® Regime, 1705,

Prayers.

Wvrn's A P ETITION of Foulk Wynne, Gentleman, Meredith Estate. xV. Wynn, his eldest Son, by his late Wife, and of Mary, the Wife, and Gabriel, the Brother of the said Meredith, on behalf of themselves, and of Thomas, Ann, Jane, Elizabeth, and Katherine, Son and Daughters of the said Meredith, by the said Mary, Infants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that upon the Petitioner Foulk' % Intermarriage with the said Jane, his Vol. 15.

Mr. Worjley (according to Order) presented to the Forces' House, a Bill for Sale of the Manor of Berwick-hall, and Estate. Other Lands there, in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the feme Uses} and the same was received.

A Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of Ease of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was (accord- Sheriffs; ing to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling and securing Part of the Estate of Barry* Robert Barry, Clerk, and Ann his Wife, for the Benefit Estate.

of

Arch-bishopiick of Dublin Estate.

Union with Scotland,&c.

Members

summoned.

Repealing

Clauses

respecting

Scotland.

Union with Scotland.

Barne'a

Estate.

52 40 — 5 Decembri1705.

of the said Ann, and her Children, and Sale of other Part of the Estate of the said Robert for Payment of

his Debts, was read the First: time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, was

referred; that it appeared to them,' that the Petition, in every Allegation of it, is true.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Southwell, Sir Gilbert Dolben, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read, for reading the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland; and for taking into Consideration the Papers, relating to the Proceedings of the Parliament of Scotland, concerning an Union of the two Kingdoms, and the Succession of the Crown of Scotland in the House of Hanover;

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall\Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

- And being returned;

The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland, was read.

And the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may ai ile from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Then the Papers of the Proceedings of the last Session of Parliament of Scotland, relating to the Union of the Two Kingdoms, and the Succession, were read.

A Motion being made and the Question being put. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House immediately, to take into Consideration the Papers communicated to this House, relating to the Proceedings of the Parliament of Scotland, concerning the Union of the Two Kingdoms, and the Succession of the Crown of Scotland in the House of Hanover;

The Ho.use divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for, he }soS.

Telle, for the Noes. {tc } «7«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Copley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 5* die Decembris;

Anno 4* Ann® Reginse, 1705.

Prayers.

MR. Verney (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for Sale of several Lands within the Manor of Burrough, in the County of for

railing the Portions of Henry Barne, and Alice Barm the younger. Children of John Barne, deceased; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bromley have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for Sale of the Manor of Berwick-hall, and other Lands there, in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Burnett, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Mountague, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Gervas Mr. Pock-

ling ton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Roberts,

Sir IV m.Bowes, Mr. Banks, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr.

nell, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Verney, Mr. Lowther,

Sir Fra. Majfam, Mr. Barker, Mr. Balch, Mr. Colchester,

Mr. Ash, Mr. Dot mer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to Pet-hells', whom the Bill for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, and others, was committed, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto- by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Ambler, Esquire, was presented Fairfax'* to the House, and read; setting forth, that Eihite.

Fairfax, late of Pinchbeck, in the County of Lincoln, by his last Will, of the 18th of October, 1704, devised to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, the Manor of East Evening in the said County, and all his Lands in SwinJhtad in Trust, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts, and the Surplus to his Children; and died: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Petitioner to fell the said Manor, and Lands, pursuant to the Direction of the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bertie and Mr. fVhitchcott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented ltelief of to the House, a Bill for the Relief of Colonel John; Col. Ric*-and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Land Tax. the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit ag-in.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, from the Committee, that there are many Lists of Commissioners not yet brought in.

Ordered*

Leave of A b fence.

Forbes'

Estate.

Burnett*!

Nat.

4 Ann. 5* — 6 Dec. 53

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, before the fitting of the House upon Friday Morning next, peremptorily bring in to the Clerk all their Lists of Commissioners Names, for the Execution of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 6* Decembris;

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Praters.

Wynne's QIR Robert Eden (according to Order) presented to the Ertate. House, a Bill for veiling the capital Messuage, and

other Lands and Tenements, of Foulk , in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynn, his Son, in Trustees, to the Intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled, pursuant to Marriage Articles; and the same was received.

Smallman's Mr. Kinafion reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the Bill for supplying a Defect, by the Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smollman, of in the County of Salop, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provisions more effectual for such younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that they had considered the Petition of Sir Tt avell, to them referred; and that the Persons concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, and to a Clause upon Sir 'Tho. Travel/'s Petition, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which (with the said Clause) they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill, in the Saving Clause.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sudbui-y The House being informed, that Geo. Dashwood, Election. Esquire) js willing to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk-,

Ordered, That the said Mr. Dashwood have Liberty to withdraw his said Petition; and that the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Vachell's A Petition of Richard Emerton was presented to the Estate. House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in this House, for thp Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Berks, Northampton, , and

Huntingdon, for the Payment of the Debts of Tan-field Vachell, Esquire, deceased, and for railing Portions for his younger Children: That thej said Mr. Vachell is indebted to the Petitioner £. 280 by Bond, and other-wile; and there is no Provision made in the said Bill, for Payment of the Petitioner: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Horsley's A Petition of John Horsley, Gentleman, and Jane Estate. his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage with Jane, he made a Settlement of his Estate, called Mil-burne Graing, and Newham, in the County of Northumberland, of about £. 220 per Annum, in Trustees, to raise £. 420 in Twenty-one Years, and after to the Petitioner John, for Life, then to pay £. 120 per Annum to Jane, Yq*. 15.

forher Life, then to the Issue ef that Marriage: That, before such Settlement, the Petitioner was indebted, by Judgments, and other Securities, £. 1,600, for which his whole Estate is extended, and the Petitioner, and his Family (being three Sons, and a Daughter) in a starving Condition, and must be inevitably ruined, unless Part of the said Premises be (old, to discharge the said Incumbrances: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of Newham, Part of the said Estate, of about the Value of £. 80 per Annum, for discharging his laid Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Car and Mr. Main do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Relief of John AJgill, Esquire, in relation Afgill's pur-to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in chafe of Irish

was read the First time. forfeitures.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Sale of several Lands within the Manor of Barne's Burrough, in the County of leiceftefor railing the Estate.

Portions of Henry Borne, and Alice Barne the younger.

Children of John Barne, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Fleetwood Dor- Buniett's mer. Lord Wm. Rowlett, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Mr. at* Bromley, Mr. Aifiaby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing William Burnett, Esquire, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Willoughby, Sir Thomas Tra- Humble's veil, Mr. England, Mr. Booth, Mr. Clark, be added to Estate. the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surry, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, made upon his Marriage with his Wife Sarah, is committed.

A Petition of Mary Sorocold was presented to the Sorocold's House, and read; setting forth, that Michael Sorocold, Estate. the Petitioner's late Husband, owing £. 300 (which his personal Estate will not near satisfy), and having a real Estate in Suffix, worth about £. 350 to be sold, gave Directions for making his Will, whereby he intended to devise the said real Estate to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for the Petitioner, and Frances, his Daughter, but died whilst the Will was writing; so that by reason of the Infancy of Frances, the real Estate cannot be fold, without the'Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for sale of the said real Estate, for Payment of the Debts of the said Michael Sorocold,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Trevor, and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the Relief of Colonel John Rice, was read Relief of

the First time. Colonel Rice.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell Edward's certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment Estate. of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Toke,

Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Mr. Medlicott, Sir Fra. Maffam,

Mr. Clark, Mr. Reynell, Sir John Williams, Mr. lafion, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Humph, Mackworlh, Mr. Monson, Sir Edward Turner.

Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Nevill, Mr Mr,

Gorges, Mr. Roll, Lord Windsor, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Hide,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Morley-, and all, that lerve

O for

i^-

Security of Queen s Person, and Protestant iicceflion.

Public Revenues -and Debts.

Princes* Sophia's Nat.

Hertford

Borough

Election.

54 6° Decembris.A. 1705.

for the County of Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the > Protestant Line, be read upon Saturday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Morning next ... into further Consideration the Accounts of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown; and nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir,

and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of the most excellent Princess , Electrefs and Duchels Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Clark Esquire, and also upon the Petition of the Inhabitants, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Richard ston, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Hertford:

That the Numbers of the Poll, as it was taken, were. For Mr. Cefar ----- 348.

For Mr. Goulston- - - - 319.

For Mr. Clark, the Petitioner 256.

That the Right of Election was the first Point controverted.

That the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that Hertford was a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election was anciently in the Inhabitants, being Hous-holders, not receiving Alms; but if any Right of voting was acquired by Charter, it was only to such Freemen, who were made free pursuant to their Charter; who ought to be, at the time of their being made free, Inhabitants within the Borough, or the Parishes thereof, the number of Freemen in the Out-parishes not exceeding Three Persons at any one Time.

That the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Aldermen, and in all the Burgesses, or Freemen, and in the Inhabitants, being Housholders, not receiving Alms.

That the Petitioner's Counsel, to prove Hertford a Borough by Prescription, and to make out the Right of Election, produced a Return of 26 Edw. I. by which it appears, that Hertford then sent Burgesses to Parliament; and 'tis said, they were elected per tem burgenjium.

That they also produced a Charter, primo;

which Charter is expressed to be ad humHem petitionem inhabitantium burgi et villa de Hertford: And Queen Mary does thereby grant to the Inhabitant?, in thele Words, quod de catero fit et erit incorporatum de uno Ballivo et burgenjibus; ac burgum ilium corpus corporation et politiam, in re, fablo, et nomine, de fe, im-perpetuum facimus, ordinamus, et in plenum erigimus et ereamus, per prafentes. And that Charter further grants

to the Bailiff and Burgesses, Power of chusing into the Office of Burgess omnes et singulos nentes et inhabitantes infra diflum burgum, qua gubernationi illius forent necess'arios.

That they also produced a Charter of King James the First; reciting, that the Borough of Hertford is an ancient Borough, and used, by several Names, divers ancient Rights, Liberties, and Franchises, tom per verfas litter as patentes diversorum progenitorum et -tecejforum nojlrorum, nuper Regum et Reginarum Anglia,

quam ratione diversarum prascriptionum et confuetudimm, in eodem burgo ufitat. et habit. By which the Mayor and capital Burgesses have Power to make as many of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, or the Parishes of the Borough, Burgesses, as they shall judge necessary for the profit of the Borough; dummodo burgesses, inhabitantes extra burgum pradiftum, non excedant aliquo uno tempore numerum trium personarum.

That they also produced Ibme Returns; 15 Car. I.

16 Car. I. 13 Car. idi; in which 'tis said, that the Persons therein named, cum omnibus cateris inhabitan-tibus burgi pradiEli, defied the Burgesses thereby returned.

That the Petitioner's Counsel produced also several Copies of Freedoms; some, in King Charles the First's Time, which run in this Form; That the Mayor and capital Burgesses, ratione libert' granted to them by King James, made free:

Other Copies of Freedoms in King Charles Second's Time, which run in this Form; That the Mayor, Aldermen, virtutelibertat' et privileg granted to them by King Charles the Second, made free:

OtherCopics in King William the Third's Time, which run in this Form; That the Mayor and Aldermen, virtute libertat' et privileg' by divers Kings to them granted, made free:

Other Copies in the Year 1699, and 1700, generally admitting to Freedoms, without naming any Authority.

That the fitting Member's Counsel, to prove, that Persons, living out of the Borough, had anciently, and from time to time, been made free of the Borough, produced several Books of the Corporation {Lib. A, B, C, and D) by which it appeared, that several Persons, to about the Number of Twelve, from the Year 1592 to 1668, living out of the Borough, had been made free of the Borough, to carry on particular Trades there; and other Persons had been made free by Redemption.

That the fitting Member's Counsel then produced a Return of the Year 1678, and offered to prove, that the Indenture of Return had been subscribed by several Freemen, who were Foreigners; but the Petitioner's Counsel admitted it, and that other Returns, from that Time, had been signed by Freemen, living out of the Borough:

And at last produced the Resolution of the House, upon an Election, controverted between Mr. Monson and Mr. Goulfton, 13 Willielmi III. " That the Right

" of electing Members, to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Hertford, is in all the Freemen, and " also in the Inhabitants, being Housholders, and not " receiving Alms."

That, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, is in the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms, and in such Freemen only, as, at the Time of their being made free, were Inhabitants of the said Borough, or the Parishes thereof, the Number of the Freemen, living out of the Borough, not exceeding Three Persons.

That the Right being thus determined by the Committee, the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that, by adding several to their Poll, and disqualifying many others, who voted for the fitting Member, they should make a Majority for the Petitioner.

And the Petitioner's Counsel excepted, and gave Evidence by several Witnesses (viz. Kenton, James Smith, John Archer, Jer. Swtfe, B. Cooler) to Four . Persons, as Inmates; and to 162 Persons, as not inhabiting in the Borough at the time of their being 23 made

4 Ann.

6° Decembr

55

made free; but it appeared, that Four Persons of this Number voted for the Petitioner, as well as for the fitting Member.

That the Petitioner's Counsel then proceeded to qualify Eight Persons, who, they infilled, ought to be added to their Poll; one as a Freeman; the others, as Hous-holders in the Borough.

That the fitting Member's Counsel first proceeded to justify their own Votes; and gave Evidence, by Mr.

Willimott, Town-clerk, that about 33 of the 162, excepted to, had served their Time in the Borough; that Five others lived in Cullen's Rents, which they alleged was in the Borough; that Six were Attorneys in the Mayor's Court j that Two were Aldermen, and Four Aldermen's Sons; and that about Six others had Shops in Town on Market-days.

That, as to Culling's Rents, the Petitioner's Counsel alleged, that they were Part of the old Castle; and the Petitioner's Witnesses, James Steph. Crouch, said

they never were reputed Part of the Borough.

But the fitting Member's Witness, Mr. Town-clerk, said, he remembered, that they, who lived in those Rents, have polled ever since King James's Time, except once, when Sir William Cowper excepted to them, they being against him.

That the fitting Member's Counsel Likewise proceeded to justify Four other Voters; viz. James Ceeney, and his Three Apprentices.

The Fad, as it appeared to the Committee, was, that J. Ceeney formerly lived near , and was then

made free: He is since removed to , or,

but enrolls his Apprentices at Hertford.

Mr. Willimott,t That, in the next place, the fitting

Mr. Dunjier. 3 Member's Counsel proceeded to disqualify several of the Petitioner's Voters.

In the first place they excepted, and gave Evidence to disqualify Two of the Eight, infilled to be added to the Petitioner's Poll, as having received Alms, during their Sickness, some time before the Election; and to a Third, because the Overseers of the Parish paid his Rent; but this was since the Election.

They then gave Evidence to Twelve, as not being Inhabitants, when made free; some, in the Town-books, being writ of other Places, and others of them mentioned to be made free by Redemption; and Eleven others were admitted by the Petitioner's Counsel to be disqualified.

That the next thing was, an Objection to several of the Petitioner's Voters, as Certificate-men r And the Counsel called Witnesses to that Point; viz.

- John Beele, Ch. Saunders: Who said, that Six of the Petitioner's Voters were permitted to live in Hertford by Certificate: That one was there also by Certificate; but it was from a Parish in the Town: Four others were admitted to be Certificate-men by the Petitioner's Counsel: They Likewise said, that one other lived in an Alms-house.

That the fitting Member's Counsel also excepted, and gave Evidence by their Witness, Ch. , Church-

warden, that four Persons, who voted for the Petitioner, were Inmates.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Goulfton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Clerke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hertford.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of eleding Burgeflfes, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, is in the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms, and in such Freemen only, as, at the time of their being made free, were Inhabitants of the said Vol. 15.

*95-

191.

Borough, or the ParHh'es thereof, the Number of the Freemen, living out of the Borough, not exceeding Three Persons;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TeUOTfortt, Y^.{^C^7°-- }

Teller, for j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being;read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Richard Goulfton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess,

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for ,he Yeas, W-

Tellers for he Noes,. } ,9».

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, that Thomas Clerk, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hertford

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

rn a. r -xr fStr WStrickland, 7

Teller, for the Yea, £Mr . J'99-

Teller, for the N°e,$;^y^ } .97-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Hertford, by rafing out the Name of Richard Goulfton, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Tho. Clark, Esquire j inllead thereof.

The Order of the Day being read, for making the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, and Election, for the City of Norwich j

Resolved, That the said Report be now taken.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the said Return, and Election, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that both Indentures were between the same Parties, and that the Sheriffs Hands and Seals were to each Indenture.

And the Merits of the Election depended on the Qualification of the elected, the Majority on the Poll being admitted to be for Mr. Bacon and Mr. Chambers.

That the Counsel for Mr. Blofield and Mr. Palgrave infilled, that no Person, who was not free of the City of Norwich, was capable of being elected, to serve in Parliament for the said City.

That the other Candidates were not free at the time of their Election, was admitted.

That, to prove, that none but Freemen were capable to be elected, Mr. Blofield and Mr. s Counsel

first infilled, on the Usage, and called Mr. William Ellwys , who was very near 40 Years of Age, and said. that he had known Norwich ever since 1677; and that all, who have been chose to serve, in his Time, for the City of Norwich, were free, except Mr. Bacon and Mr. Chambers, and Sir Nevill Cateline, who was made free soon after he was chose, and before he was returned.

The next thing Mr. Blofield and Mr. s

Counsel infilled on, was, a By-law, made at an A flem-bly, held in Norwich 28th October 1640; by which it is enacted, that any one, that shall give his Voice for any Man, not free, to be chosen Citizen for the Parliament,

he.

Hertford

Borough

Election.

Norwich

Election

5 o 6° — 70 Decembris. 1705.

Norwich lie should forfeit, to the Use of the Poor, j£. 5 or suffer Injprisonment.

That they also infilled on the Statute I H. V. 1. That every Person, to be chosen a Member of Parliament for a City, shall be a Freeman of the said City, and no other in any wise:

And also upon 23® H. VI. Cap. 1 j. reciting the Statute

'of H.V. And that Citizens, and Burgesses, coming to the'Parliament, have always, in Cities, and Boroughs, 'been chosen by Citizens, and Burgesses, and no other.

That the Queen*s Writ to the Sheriff for electing Members to Parliament, was read$ which (ays, for every City they shall deft Civet.

And daftly, they infilled on the Freeman's Oath; by which the Freemen are sworn, all lawful Ordinances, made, and to be made, within the City, to obey and perform.

That, for Mr. Bacon and Mr. Chambers, the Counsel infilled, that Norwich was a County, as well as a City; and the Freeholders had a Vote, as well as the Freemen.

That the Statute required as well Refiants, as Citizens; and that, as well in Boroughs, as Cities; and was made for the Advantage of the elected, that they might not be forced to serve* and that the Usage had been quite contrary to the Construction, the Counsel on the other Side would put it on those Statutes: However, their very Election made them free.

That they called some Witnesses, as to ill Practices, interrifying the Voters by printed Papers, containing the Statute H- V. the By-law against voting for such, as were not free, and the Freeman's Oath.

And Sam, Spark said, that Mr. Blyth the then Mayor, bad caused 200 of them to be dispersed by him about the City.

And Cha. Watson and Robert Robarts said, they would both have voted for Mr. Bacon and Mr. , but

were deterred by those printed Papers; the first being afraid of wronging his Conscience, the latter ofpaying^. 5.

Cha Mackarell was called, as to the Partiality of the

Mayor, and Sheriffs, on Mr. Blofield and Mr. s

Side: And he also gave an Account of an Advertisement, printed on the other Side j by which it was notified, that a Contract was made, to indemnify such, as voted for Mr. Bacon and Mr. , from the Penalty of £. 5 mentioned in the By-law, or any other Inconvenience by such voting.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Waller Bacon, Esquire, is duly elected, and returned,

a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Chambers, Esquire, is duly elected, and returned, a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of Norwich, by taking off the Return of Blofield, and tho, Pulgrave, Esquires.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Candles be Drought in;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, JMr JVdpdeT^' \ ,8a®

Tellers for the ^MuD} 7‘®

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And Candles were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That William Blyth, F.squire, late Mayor of the City of Norwich, by printing and publishing a pretended By-law, made in the Year 1640, contrary to Magna Charta, in order to terrify the Electors of the said City from free and impartial voting in the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said City, is guilty of an illegal and arbitrary Proceeding.

Ordered, That the said William Blyth be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V meris, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 40 Anne Regina, 1705.

Pit A YSRS.

A PETITION of Colonel John Michelburne, late Irish Governor of Londonderry, was presented to the Arrears. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner quitted the Irish Army at the Beginning of the late Resolution

there, and afterwards received his late Majesty's Commission, as Colonel of the Regiment, late s;

wherewith he marched into Derry, and, about the middle of the Siege, was chosen Governor; which Trust he performed with Fidelity; and there is due to him, for his Pay, the Sum of £. 1,603. 6 d. as Hated by a

Committee the lad Parliament; of which the Petitioner hath received no Part, nor any manner of Recompence or Satisfaction: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Debentures to be given him for his said just Demands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Vernier was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Returns Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Hert- amendeci‘ ford, and also the Return for the City of Norwich.

A Bill for vetting the capital Messuage, and other Wynn's Lands and Tenements, of Foulk Wynne, in the County Estate* of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynne, his Son, in Trustees, to the Intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled, pursuant to Marriage Articles, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Fara and Geo. Ford, Serjeants, in Irish behalf of themselves, and the Non-commission Officers, Arrears, and Soldiers, in the Regiment of Foot, late under the Command of the Right honourable the Earl of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late Commissioners of Accounts for the Army have certified, that the Sum of £. 1,392. 17 is due to the said Regiment: That, for want of a Letter of Attorney, signed by the Colonel, and a Majority of Captains, of the said Regiment, to impower some Person (pursuant to Act of Parliament) to take out Debentures for the said Sum ..... that several of the Captains being dead, and others abroad in the Service, such Power cannot be executed, it requiring Seven Captains to it; so that the Petitioners are like to be deprived of their Arrears, if not relieved by the House: And praying that the Paymaster-general may issue out Debentures for the said Sum, and that the Number of the Seven Captains may be dispensed with.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Viinner was referred; and that they do examine

the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

The House being informed, that William Penn, BramW Esquire, is willing to withdraw his Petition, touching Efcaion. the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex:

Ordered, That the said Mr. Penn be at Liberty to withdraw his laid Petition; and that the Committee of

Privileges

4 Ann. 7® — 8®

Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Princess An ingrossed' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ScpbmsNat. for the Naturalization of the most excellent Princess Sophia, Elect refs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Eafc of A Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of

Sheriff*, their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Thornbaugh, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Laugharne, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Con-

yers, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bu/kley, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Mounftevens, Mr. Serjeant birch, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Rolls, Sir Jof.Jekyll, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.. Squire,

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Snell, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Borlace, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Jervoice, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr. Powell, Mr Mr. Shultleworth-,

and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do receive a Clause, to incapacitate any Person to be Under-sheriff of more than one County at a time.

OldSarmn Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, and Elect ion, for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom' Means. jpg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill.

Lards desire A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice a Conference, and Mr. Justice Tracy:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon a Matter relating to the Safety and Honour of her Majesty's Government.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Lord Marquis of Granby, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Mr. Take, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. AiJIaby, Lord Powlett, Mr. St. John, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Solicitor-general, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir John Holland, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Brigadier Stanhope, Mr. Colchester, Mr. King, Mr. Butler, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr.

Dormer, Mr. Walpole, Sir James Mountague, Sir William Strickland, Mr. Bridges, Sir Temple, Sir Rook, Mr. Freeman, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned j

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, that the Vol. 15.

Decembris. 57

Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; and that it was managed, on the part of the Lords, by the Duke of Bolton; who acquainted them, that the Lords, being extremely desirous, upon all occasior.s, to preserve a perfect good Correspondence with the House of Comnlons, have aiked this Conference, in order to acquaint them, that the Lords, having taken into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech, made to both Houses at the opening of this Parliament, have, upon mature Deliberation, come to the following Resolution:

Die Jovis, 6° Decembris, 1705.

RESOLVED, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Resolution* — and in Parliament assembled, That the Ph"rch DOt

Church of England, as by Law established, which was 10 8*r‘

refeued from the extremest Danger by King William the Third (of glorious Memory) is now, by God's Blessing, under the happy Reign of her Majesty, in a most safe and flourishing Condition; and that whoever goes about to suggest, and insinuate, that the Church is in danger under her Majesty's Administration, is an Enemy to the Queen, the Church, and the Kingdom.

Which Resolution the Lords have directed to be communicated to the House of Commons, and to desire their Concurrence.

The said Report being read;

Resolved, That this House will take the said Report into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers acquainted the House, that he was directed Supply Bill; by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Land Ta*. for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, was committed, to move, hat they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 8° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Annse Regina, 1705.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Silvestre'* for naturalizing Peter Si/vestre, Doctor of Physick, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ^rh"te

for Sale of the Estate, late of Thomas Chute, Esquire, in te' the County of Warwick, and laying out the Monies, arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Warwickshire Estate Hands settled; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Vachell'* Berks, Northampton, Leicester, and Huntington, for the ^fute‘ Payment of the Debts, and railing Portions for the younger Children, of Tanfield Vachell, Esquire, de-cealed, and for the settling other Lands, in the County of Berks, upon Dorothy Vachell, his Relict, and Thomas Vachell, Esquire, his eldest Son, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. King,

Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Main, Mr. Foley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wollaston, Mr.

Owen, Mr. Topham, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. Barker,

Lord Fitzharding, Lord Powlett, Mr. Nevill, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Coke, Sir P O

58 8" — 10° Decembris. 1705.

Cha Turner, Mr. Clark, Sir Rick, Mr.

Sir Owen Bucks, Mr. Mount ague, Sir;

and all, that fcrvc for the Counties of Huntingdon, Berks, Northampton, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers* and Records.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Emerton, which lies upon the Table, till the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Regulating Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Watches regulating the nightly Watches; and that Mr. Pit-a 1 e* field and Sir Tho: Davall do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Resolufion,-That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of Church uot the whole House immediately, to consider of the Re- *" solution, communicated by the Lords at a Conference Yesterday;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers } r5».

Tellers for the Noes,^‘ ^Ash^} 220'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Report of the Conference with the Lords Yesterday was read a Second time; wherein the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House to a Resolution of their Lordships, as followeth: viz.

Courtney's A Bill for veiling a mortgaged Estate of Humphry ^tate* Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be loid, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bu/teel, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Coke, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Rolls, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Pool, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Mr. Boficawen,

Mr. Fortescue, M r. Dockminique, Mr Mr. Bridges,

Major-general Tte/awney-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerfiet: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of Colonel William Dobyns, and Sarah his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for ' veiling a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts: That the said Humphry is indebted to the Petitioners £. 300 upon Bond; and if the said Bill should pals, without Provision for the Petitioners Satisfaction therein, ic will very much prejudice their Security: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Prineefc An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sophia's Nat for the Naturalization of the most excellent Princess Sophia, Electrefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Poor Relitf. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursiday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief Employment, and Settlement of the Poor.

Die Jovis,6° Decemb 1705.

RESOLFED, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in Parliament assembled, That the

Church of England, as by Law established, whi h was refeued from the extremest Danger by King William the Third (of glorious Memory) is now, by God's Blessing, under the happy Reign of her Majesty, in a most late and flourishing Condition; and that whoever goes about to suggest, and insinuate, that the Church is in danger under her Majesty's Administration, is an Enemy to the Queen, the Church, and the Kingdom.

Resolved, Thar the Blank be filled up with the Word " Commons."

Ordered, That Candles be brought.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out " and that whoever " goes about to suggest, and insinuate, that the Church " is in danger under her Majesty's Administration, is an " Enemy to the Queen, the Church, and the Kingdom."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That those Words Hand part of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdkrs for he Y}

Tc.hrs for.h.N«s.^«^r, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Resolution, so amended.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Woodstock do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

LuneOy 10° die Decembris;

212.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Repealing

Clauses

refyefting

Scotland.

Security of

the Queen s i'erton. anvl

rrotefrant

4mc<:efliun

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill for the better enforcing the execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries, be now read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuefiday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England, from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland, be read a Second time upon Tuefiday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, /in Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, be read upon Tuefiday Morning next.

18

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705. Prayers.

RDERE D, That Mr. Payne have Leave to go into 'the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of

Absence,

Resolved, That the Resolution of the Lords, to which Resolution t» this House agreed on Saturday last, be delivered to the delivered Lords at the Conference, desired with their Lordships. tu 116 ortjS‘

A Bill to enable Trustees to make Provision, for Iluggeflcn'* Payment of the Debts of William Huggefien, Esquire, and for railing Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement, upon the Marriage of Wm. Huggefifien, the younger, Gentleman, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Caltbrop, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Mr. Dyott, Sir Fra. Mafifiam, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Rowney,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Sir Rob.

Corbett, Lord Powlett, Mr. Bere, Sir Wm.

Sir

4 Ann. 10° — i i e Decembris. 59

Sir John Kay, Sir Henry , Sir Sir

77/e. Wroth, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mountftevens, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Carr; and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent and: And they are to meet this Afternoon; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Litchfield, A Petition of . Lord Bishop of Litchfield and tUdMand"' Coventry, and of the Dean of the Cathedral Church of

fttbends. Litchfield, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are eight Houses belonging to their Chutch, fit for Canons Resident iary, and but four Canons, by reason of the Smallness of their Income: That the Deanery is but small, and her Majesty is willing to annex thereto the Rectory of That all Persons,

concerned in Interest, are willing, that two or more Prebends, not exceeding per Annum, may be held by one Person, in order to his being a Residentiary; and that the Bishop shall have the Patronage of Eccleshall, where his Palace is; and that the smaller Prebends, under £. 4 per Annum, as they become void, shall be vested in the Community of the Dean and Chapter: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the said Church, and for other the Improvements aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr Pagitt, and Mr. Dyott do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

Anr.y A Bill to impower the Paymaster-general of her Debt. Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture or Deben-

tures, unto Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Hen.

Esquire, for the sum of £. 1,482. 12s. id. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Venner was referred: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Trent A Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the Town navigation. of burton upon Trent, in the County of ,in the

behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, an Act of Parliament passed, for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Derby, and Stafford,

navigable; but the said Act hath not yet takeD Effect, by reason the Money, thereby provided, was not sufficient to defray the Charges thereof, and the Tunnage, being but 3d. per Tun, which the Undertaker is thereby entitkd to, not sufficient to support the fame, when done; and, by reason of some other Defects in the said Act, the Publick hath been hitherto deprived of the Benefit thereof: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Defects of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pagitt, and Mr. Dyott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Amy's A Bill for settling and securing Part of the Estate of £fiate^ Robert Barry, Clerk, and Ann his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Ann, and her Children, and Sale of the other Part of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Roivney, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Nevill, Mr. Toke, Mr. Gould, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Barker, Sir Fra. Mafifiam, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Chafe, Sir Richard Onslow; and all, that serve for the Counties of Oxford and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; . Vo 1 5.

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Princefe for the naturalizing of the most excellent Princess Sophia, Sophias Nat. Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the issue of her Body, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesiday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesiday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 1 iw die Decembris;

Anno 4* Annae Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

PETITION of Captain Robert Baird, and William IrilhArrean. Hamill , Gentlemen, Trustees of the Officers, and Soldiers, who served their late Majesties in the Siege of Londonderry, in the Year 1698, and of such, as served, during the late War in Ireland, as supernumerary, or reformed, Officers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were very fer-viceable in defending the said City of Londonderry against the Forces of King James, and thereby were a great Means to the Reduction of the whole Kingdom of Ireland', of which his late Majesty was so sensible, that he, by Letters, gave them Assurances of his Favour, and ordered their Accounts, for their Pay, to be Hated by Mr. Fox-, which was done, and laid before his Majesty:

That in 1698, the Petitioners applied to the House of Commons, who came to several Resolutions, and voted the Petitioners Services, and Sufferings, to have been of great Consequence, and the Preservation of the Three Kingdoms; and addressed his Majesty, to make some Compenfetion to the said City, Governors, and Garrison, for their eminent Services, and Sufferings; as may appear by the Journal of this House in 1698; but the Petitioners have not yet received any Benefit thereby, though they have made frequent Application to the Throne, and many of them are ready to perith: And praying, that the Paymaster-general may issue out>Debentures, upon the forfeited Estates in , for

Satisfaction of the Petitioners Pay, so stated, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Venner was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House; and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt, and Mr. Medlicott, be added to the said Committee.

Mr.

6 o

11 ® Decemb.

A. 1705

Bnmett'* Mr. Dormer reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for naturalizing William Burnett, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Boor Relief. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor, is committed, that they have Power to receive Clauses, for the better Application of Charities, given to the Use of the Poor.

A Bill for Relief of John Esquire, in relation

to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland,

A fiiiH's Purchase of

Irish For- , 0

futures. was read a becona time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Forejier, Sir Hen. Dutton Sir Fra. Mr.

Pock ling ton, Mr. Nevili, Sir John Kay, Mr. Kent, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mr. Pigott,

Mr. Gery, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. York, Mr. Ire ton. Sir Gilbert , Mr. Dry den,

Mr. Southzvell, Lord Coning by, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tito. Fleers, Sir Godfrey Copley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vdchell'* A Petition of Lucy Bretton, the Widow and Relidt of £stat«. Thomas Bretton, Merchant, deceased, as also the Petition of William Bretton and Penelope Bretton, Son and Daughter of the said Thomas and Lucy Bretton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of certain Lands in tire Counties of Berks, Northampton, and Huntington, for the Payment of the Debts, and raising Portions for the younger Children, of T-anfield Vachell, Esquire, deceased: That in July, 1701, the Petitioners obtained a Decree in Chancery against Mr. Vachell, and his Wife, for £. 3,136. 6 s. o no Part whereof hath yet been paid; and the Lands, intended to be sold, being subject to the said Decree, the Petitioners will be in danger of losing their said Debt, unless some Provision be made for it by the said Bill: And praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill for Payment of the Money decreed to them, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed

Colehefter Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in the room of Edward Bullock, Esquire, deceased.

Smallman's An ingrossed Bill for supplying a Defect, by the Libit*. Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Sm a liman, of -

topp, in the County of Salop, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provision more effectual for such younger Children, was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for supplying a Defect, by the Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smallman, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provisions more effectual for such younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Kinaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Regulating A Bill for the better ordering and governing the

Thame* Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames,

Watermen, was rcjMj a J$CCond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Win. Ashurst, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Barker, Mr. Per non. Sir James Mount ague, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Vincent, Mr. PoSir Robert Corbett,

Sir Phil. Monoux, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Cox, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Wi/lis, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Worthy, Lord , Sir

Majjam, Lord Walden, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pagelt, Mr. Ilysham, Mr. Burchett, Sir Rich. Onslow, Admiral Kil-ligrezv, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Coke, Sir Phippard, Mr. West on. Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cefar, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Serjeant Byrch, Mr.

Sir John Cope-, and all, that serve for London, Westminster, and Southwark: And they are to meet this Afernoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hoblyn (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to vest certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thornhill, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and his Sifter's Portion, charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and the same was received.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee had inspected the Record of the double Return for the Borough of Old Sarum; and ahb upon the several Petitions of John Lord Viscount son, of th Kingdom of Ireland, and of Charles Mompefson, Esquire.

That the Counsel for Mr. in the first

Place, excepted to the Return, as not being by the Burgesses, but by the Bailiff of the Manor.

And the Counsel for the Lord Grandison agreed, that the Return must be by the Burgators; but that the Precept ought to be delivered to the Bailiff, who is the Computer of the Votes.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Return was by the Burgators; and that Mr. the Lord Grandtfon, and Mr. Mompeffon, are returned in one and the same Indenture; but that the Precept is directed,

Ballivo burgi Sarum Veteris, in com' pradiElo, and en-dorled, Executio iftius pracepti patet in quadam inden-tura, buic annex, and subscribed, William Swanton, Bailiff of Old Sarum.

That the Counfol for Mr. Mompeffon, to prove, that the Bailiff of the Manor had nothing to do with the Return, produced a Resolution of the House of Commons, i* Gulielmi et Maria; viz.

<c Resolved, That the Right of electing, and return* ing, Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough " of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, is in the Freeholders, being Burgage-holders of the said Borough."

That the Counsel for the Lord Grandison, to prove, that the Precept ought to be directed to the Bailiff of the Manor, produced a Return, 31 Car. idi, with the Precept annexed, directed, Ballivo de Veteri Sarum, in com* pradicl, and endorsed, Executio iftius pracepti patet in quadam indentura, huic pracept* annex, and subscribed, John Lawrence, Ball' burg* de Veter* Sarum, in com* Wilts.

That as to the Merits of the Election, Mr. Pitt had an undoubted Majority, and his Election was not drawn into Question.

Between the Lo d Grandison and Mr. Mompeffon, the Poll was equal, viz. Five for each j with this difference, that Mr. Mompefjon voted for himself, and made up one of the Five that were for him.

But

Thornhill'*

Estate.

Old Saru» Election.

D ized by t

4 Ann. ri* Decetnbris. 6r

But Mrk Mmptffim'-s Obttfifel iirfft*d( that twos viz. M t. BlBottand Mr. Brooks, were qualified to vote, and

did offer their Votes for Mr. Mompeffon, and were re-fofed $ and that two others, vrzi Mr. and Mr.

Swanton, who voted for the Lord Grandison, were nob qualified to vote.

That* as to Mr. Elliott's Right of votings Mr* Mom-ftjfon's Counsel called several' Witnesses-; viz, John Bowel/, Edward Elliott, Robert B

The fiirft had known Old Sarum 30 Years j the Second was Mr. Elliott' % Brother; and the other could speafe

to above 30 Years: And they laid, Mr. Elliott was always looked upon as a Btirgator of and had

voted all the time within their Observation at the several Elections.

And they produced four several Indentures of Return; viz. a Willitlm et Maria, 7 Willielmi, 10 WiMehmi, 1

Anna-, all which several Indentures Mr. Elliott had signed, and was a Party unto.

That it also appeared, that Nicholas Elliott was one of the Parties to the above-mentioned Indenture of Return, Anno 31° Car. zdi.

That, as to Mr. Brooks, they called William Hill, who was a Witness to, and proved, a Conveyance from Sir Eliah Harvey to Mr. Brooks, Anno-1^95, of an Acre of Land in the Borough of Old , for his Life.

That, as to Mr. Carter, and Mr. Swanton, they called Mr. Edward Elliott who laid, that he asked Mr. Carter,

Five or Six Weeks ago, how he came to have a Vote at the last Election, because, he told the said Mr. Carter, he heard, he took Possession on the Election Day, and therefore, he thought, it could not stand gpod; and Mr. Carter said, he thought so too.

Mr. Carter himself, being examined, laid, he was no Trustee, but had a Lease from my Lord Grandison, for Three Lives, made to him in April last. He acknowledged, he had received no Rent, but bad given bin Note for the Purchase-money, being £.225. The Rent was £.iz per Annum, out of which 1 id. per Annum is reserved

to the Lord Grandison.

Mr. Payne laid, that my Lord Grandison* at the Election for the County of Wilts, polled for Lands in Old. Sarum; and as to Mr. Swanton, that he laid, he had agreed for the Old Castle in Old Sarum, and was to give £.i,oooo for it; but Mrs. Pitt's Servants plowed and sowed: it. He believed, Mr. Swanton might have voted ab Three Elections.

That, on the other Side, the Counsel called Mr. John Phillips} who said, he had known Old Sarum 4.0 Years, and was very well acquainted with the Prccinds of the Borough; and that Mr. Elliott voted for Three Acres, which lie out of the Borough; and that- Mr. Henry -noil had Lands nearer the Borough, than Mr. Elliott's: However he did not deny, but Mir. Elliott had1 voted for these Lands at several Elections, though once* or twice* he was put down with a Square, but afterwards allowed; and Mr. Furnell never offered to vote, till. this-Election.

That it appeared, both Mr. Elliott and Mr; Brooks offered their Votes for Mr. Mompefat this Election-;, and Mr. Fumell offered his vote for the Lord Grandison.

That, as to John Brooks, Mr. Phillips said, that Brooks bought the Estate of Sir Eliah and Sir Elinor

his Son, for that; and the Land Mr; Harvey now enjoys; never had but one Vote.

That; as to Mr. Swanton, they produced Deed' of Alignment for Lives, of Lands in the Borough; but the Witness could* not lay; that Mr. Swantontecclved the Profits;

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this- Committee; That Charles Mompeffon, Esquire, is duly elected, and returned, a Butgefs, to serve in this present Parliament fort he Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And-the Question being put, That the Hbufedp agree with the Committee, intfae laid That 6ha.

Vo U 15.

Mmpeffto, Esquire, is duly slotted, arid returned; a Bar- Old Sarum gefs, to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough E*e on* of Old Sarum, in the county of , Wilts;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeaj, J

Teller, for the Noe, [J*; *£* - } .46.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning; to amend the Return for the said Borough of Old Sarum, by rating out the Name of John Lord Viscount Grandison, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and what is contained in the Return relating to him.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- public Revving next, take into further Consideration the Accounts »ues and of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's Debts* happy Accession to the Crown.

Ordered, That an Account of the Incomes, and Issues, Incomes and for the Year 1704, and 1 705* to Michaelmas last, be laid issues* before this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better enforcing the Clandestina Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Out- Outlawries, lawries, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Repealing to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d Clauses re-and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

The Lord Woodfiockreported, that he having (accord- Conference ing to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, "

upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the I.ords that Church-do agree to a Conference presently in the Painted i» not in Chamber. danger.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, that they Had acquainted the Lords, that this House hath, agreed to the Resolution, to which their Lordfoips deli red the Concurrence of this House;. and left the Resolution with the Lords.

Resolved, That the said Bill, intituled, An Act- tare- Repealing peal several)Clauses in the Statute, made in the-3d1 and Clauses re-4th Years of her present Majesty's. Reign, for securing JPef.in8 the King^m of Euy/dffdfrom several Acts, lately passed> ° an in- the Kingdbtn. of Scotland; be committed.

Resolvedv That the Bill be-committed to a-Committee-

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,.upon 7 % w^&$iMorning next, refoiwe itfelfinto a Committee or the- whole-House, upon die-said' Rill.

A Mbtion being made; and the Question being-put. That) the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, be now- read The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Billiwas-(according to Order) read the Rift time, Reffdved, That the Bill be read at Second, time;

Q Ordered,

Security of the Queen's Person, and Protestant Sacceffioik

62 ii* — 12° — 13* Decembris. A. 1705.

Ordered That the BUI be read a Second time upon tais Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii % 120 die Decembris;

Anno 4* Anna Regina, 1705.

Praters.

Viceary* A PETITION of Mary , Widow and Relict

ate* ,l\. of John Viccary, late of , in the County of Devon* Yeoman, deceased, John Victory, Son and Heir of the said John Viccary, deceased, and John Ball of the City and County of Exon, White-baker, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said John, the Father, being seised in Fee-Ample of a Messuage, or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, called Rue, in shire, did, in 169a, settle the same upon himself, for Life, Remainder on the Petitioner Mary, for Life, Remainder to their Firstand other Sons, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; but the said John being indebted, and leaving Six Children (four whereof are now kept by the Parish of Rockbear) and the Settlement being made long after Marriage, the Petitioners cannot make a good Sale of the said Premises, in order to pay the said Debts, which run on at Interest, and in a short time will swallow up the Estate: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Messuage, or Tenement, for Payment of the said Debts, and for Maintenance of the Petitioner Mary, and her Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Northmore and Mr. Bulteele do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Le&v* of Ordered, That Mr. Lowther have Leave to go into Abfrnce. the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions, his Father being dead.

Regulating A Petition of Thomas Rowles, Samuel Big^s, and tarmeiT&c* °^ers> Rulers a°d Assistants of the Company oi Watermen and Lightermen, on behalf of themselves, and their whole Society, and by Order of a general Court of Rulers and Assistants of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames; which sets forth, that the 4th Bye-law of the said Company, for restraining the Petitioners from taking more than one Apprentice at a time, was prejudicial to the breeding of Seamen, and the Trade of the Nation: That about Two Years since the Petitioners had agreed to repeal that By-law, and by that Means gave such a Liberty to the Members of their Company, that they might have increased the Number of Apprentices 4,000, and thereby have made the whole Number above 6,000 Apprentices j but the Lord Mayor of London, and Court of Aldermen, made such Alterations in the intended Repeal, as the Lord Chief Justice Holt, upon hearing both Sides, thought unreasonable: That the now BUI, giving the Lord Mayor and Aldermen the foie Power to make, or alter, any By-laws for the Petitioners, will not only be prejudicial to the Petitioners, but also to the Publick in general: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Litchfield, Mr. Pagitt (according to Order) presented to the

&c. Refi- House, a Bill for augmenting the Number of Canons

deHparKS aRefidentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and

nen ' for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral; and the same was received.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

*4

granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read, and then several of them, a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Then several of the Lists of Commissioners were read.

And upon reading the List of Commissioners for the County of Chester,

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That James Hockenall be added to the said Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

And, upon reading the List of Commissioners for the City of London,

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Peter Monger be added to the said Lift;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 4* Annae Reginas, 1705.

Praters.

A PETITION of Benjamin Jeffries, Esquire, was Vachell's presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in this House, for Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Berks, Northampton,

Leicester , and Huntington, for the Payment of the Debts, and railing Portions for the younger Children, of Vachell, Esquire, deceased: That the Petitioner is entitled to several of the Messuages, and Lands, mentioned in the Bill, and his Right is not thereby saved, but will be destroyed: And praying, that the Petitioner may be heard, before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Gervas Elves (according to Order) presented to Stour the House, a Bill for making the River Stour navigable Navigation, from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and the same was received.

Mr. Pitfield (according to Order) presented to the Regulating House, a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Nightly Watch t and the feme was received. Watch.

A Petition of Jonathan Collins, Esquire, and Edward Vachell'* Smith, was presented to the House, and read; setting Ell"u< forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Berks, Northampton,

Leicester, and Huntington, for Payment of the Debts, and railing Portions for the younger Children, of Tanfield Vachell, Esquire, deceased: That the said Mr. Vachell is indebted to the Petitioners upon Specialties, that will affest the said Estate, intended to be sold, and yet the Pe-tioners Rights are not saved by the Bill, which will be prejudicial to them: And praying, that Provision may be made for preserving the Petitioners Rights.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chute's for Sale of the Estate, late of Tho. Chute, Esquire, in 'the Estate*

County

4 Ann. 13 Decemb 3

County of Warwick, and laying out the Monies, arising the reby, in the purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of , to be settled to the same Uses, as the Worwick/htre Estate (lands settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir turnery Sir Barth. GracediMr. , Lord Scuda-

more, Mr. Booth, Sir John Holland, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Fortescue, Sir Wm Lord Mordant, Mr. Gery, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Mr. Fortescue,

Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir John Mordant, Sir Hen. Dutt. Colt, Sir Robert Eden, Sir fa. Mountagu, Mr.

Jessop, Mr. Hysham, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Kent, Mr. Musgrave. Major Holmes, Mr. Mofyer; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Irifc Arrears. A Petition of Nathaniel Booth, Esquire, was prefen ted

to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Mayor and Sheriffs of Chester, by the Direction of the late Duke Schonberg, in 1689 took a House, with its Appurtenances, of the Petitioner's, called the Grey Fryars, for an Hospital for the sick and wounded Soldiers, that should be lent there from Ireland: That it was used as an Hospital Three years, and afterwards it cost the Petitioner £. 200 to make good the Damages, sustained by that Service; and the last Parliament a Committee of the House of Commons, upon Examination of the Allegations of a Petition, and Vouchers, reported, that there was due to the Petitioner, for Rent and Damages, £. 1,419. 11 s.9 d.for which he has not yet received any Satisfaction: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the late Paymaster-general of the Forces to make out, and deliver to the Petitioner, a Debenture for the said sum of 1,4! 9. 11 9 due to

the Petitioner, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred; and that they do^examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Wynn'* A Bill for veiling the capital Messuage, and other

Estate. Lands and Tenements, of Foulk Wynn, in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynn, his Son, in Trustees, to the Intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Rdidue settled, pursuant to Marriage Articles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Mr. Pelham, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Kent, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Turner, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Topham Mr. Musgrave Mr. Whitmore, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Peyton, Sir Charles Hot ham. Sir John Kay, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Mr. Baynton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Southwell', and all, that serve for the County of Chester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Pecbellt, Ac. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, and Nat* others, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press#L# to leave out " of."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr# L# to leave out " and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizingJacob Pechells, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

V01. Id

A Petition of Richard Tinker, Samuel Edward, John Chiswell, and Samuel Lewis, in behalf of themselves, Debenture#, and several other non-commissioned Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord Li/bon's (late Colonel s Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; set* ting forth, that above £.1,200 now lies in the Lord Ra-nelagb' % Office, in Debentures, due to the Petitioners, for their Service in Ireland; but, for want of a Majority of 13 Captains (which is very difficult to get) to sign a Power to some particular Person, pursuant to Act of Parliament, to take out the Debentures, and date their Accounts upon Oath, the Petitioners cannot have the Debentures: That the last Session a Clause was added to the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, allowing the Majority of Seven Captains to be sufficient to sign such Power; but that Clause, as well as several others, were left out of the said Bill by the House of Lords:

And praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Clark, William Brook, and Cloth Button* James Milner, of London, Merchants, was presented for to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Peti- rm^‘ tioners Agents in Portugal have agreed for the cloathir.g of 20,000 Men with English Cloth, and Lining, to be made up here, and with Cloth Buttons, being ignorant of the Act of Parliament, made to prevent the making of Cloth Buttons: That the Petitioners dare not fend the Cloaths with any other Buttons, than according to their Agreement, left they should be thrown upon their Hands: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, that, notwithstanding the said Act, Cloaths for Exportation, for clothing the Army in may be

permitted to be made up with Buttons of Cloth.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Sir Gilbert Heathcott and Sir Henry Dutton Coll do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Cary, and George Hatley, of Importing London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and certa'n read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, before the ift \vfne»* of January, 1704, contrafted with several Danish Merchants at Copenhagen for 220 Tuns of French Wine:

That some time after an Act passed, to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France, and the Importation of French Commodities from all Places, after the iftof August last; whereupon the Petitioners dispatched a new Galley for Copenhagen, which loaded 73 Tuns of those Wines on board; but, on her Return, (he was taken by two Offend Privateers: That the Petitioners have used all possible Endeavours for bringing the rest of the said Wines into England by the Time limited, as aforesaid; but by Losses, contrary Winds, and other Disappointments, it could not be done: And praying, that they may be at liberty to import the Remainder of the said Wines, as they might have done, by the said Act, before the 1 ft of August last, had they not been prevented, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Wm. Strickland and Sir William Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of William Blyth, late Mayor of the City Privilege — of Norwich, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend- a ?e'.fonin. ing this House, for printing and publishing a By-law, made in the Year 1640, contrary to Magna Chart a, in charge, order to terrify the Electors of the said City from free and impartial voting in the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he begs Pardon for his said irregular Proceedings, being heartily lorry, that he should thereby incur the Displeasure of the

House:

Oakhampton

Election.

Litchfield, See. Residentiaries and Prebends.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Lords desire a Conference.

fall of the House.

Poor Relief.

Repealing Clauses respecting Scotland.

Leave of

Absence.

Ediftone

Light-house.

64

J3°-i4° DecmBris.

A. 1705.

240.

House; And praying1, that be' may be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Blytk be, by the Serjeant, brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a Number of Officers fitting in Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

I'34.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Aijlaby, and Sir Richard Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Messagfe from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House Tomorrow, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as their Lordships desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the House be called over upon come Three Weeks.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vienerts, 140 die Decembris 5

Anno 4* Ann® Regin*, 1703.

P RAY E-R S.

f\RD ERED, That Sir Thomas have Leave

'A to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Oc-

cafions.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay, Sir Francis Majam, Sir Wm. Hufiler, Sir Wm. Robtnfon, Mr. Mr.

Aiflaby, Mr. MeMcott, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Al-fiftantB, of Trinity-hcwfeof Deptford Stroud, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Mounftevens, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Into Arrears. Dyott, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Joknfon, Sir John Bland, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bray, Mr. Gery,

Mr. Scobell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Varner was referred.

Ordered, That the Lord Powlct, Mr. Romney, Mr. Edward* Dyott, Mr, Bray, Mr; Grevill, Mr. Afgill, be added to Estate-the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts, is committed.

A Petition of Eliz. Stanhope, Widow and Admini- Stanhope'*

stratrix of John Stanhope, late of Melwood Hall, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, and Mother and Guardian of Elizabeth Stanhope and Isabella Infants, Daughters and Coheirs of the said John Stanhope, in behalf of the said Infants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said John Stanhope, besides & considerable Ettate, settled on his Marriage with the Petitioner, died seised in Fee of certain Lands in with, of £.100 per Annum, and other Lands in -shirt, all which were liable to Mortgages, and Incumbrances, by him made for £.2,000 That his Daughters are Heirs at Law to the said Lands, and by reason of Taxes, and other Contingencies, the yearly Rent of Stockwith will not pay the growing Interest of the said Incumbrances; but, if fold, as it now Hands, will pay off the fame, and then the settled Ettate, and other Fee-simple Lands, will remain dear to the Family: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to fell the Lands at Stockwith, for payment of the Debts of the said John Stanhope, and for preserving the Overplus of the Money (if any) for the Benefit of the said Infants.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Whfkhcot, and Mr. Bertie, and Sir Tho. Meeres, do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Blyth, late Mayor of the City of in the Privilege —

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, a Perfo"r* was (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, charged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Blyth be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of Dorothy Rove, Widow, on behalf of R eve's Christopher Reve, her infant Son, was presented to the Estate* House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner's Husband's Father devised the Manor of Ou/ton, and Other Lands in Suffolk and Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and made his Son Christopher, the Petitioner's late Husband, Executor, whereby the Premises came to him: That the Debts, chargeable on the said Estate, cannot be satisfied, without felling all, orthe greatest part thereof, which cannot he done without an Act of Parliament,/ by reason of the Infancy of the said Christopher, whole Interest it is to be sold, for otherwise the Increase of the said Debts will swallow up the whole before he can come at Age, he being now but Four Years of Age .* And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Rrft for vetting the said Manor of

Oulton, and other the Premises, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Mortgages, and Debts thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to die Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Robert Havers, Sir Edmund Bacon, and the Earl of

Dyfert, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

A Petition of Rickard Watts, of the Inner Temple, Vachell'*

London, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and Estate. read; letting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of

Berks, Northampton, Leicester, and Huntington, for Payment of the Debts, and railing Portions for the

younger

4 Ann, 140 — 15° Decembris.

younger Children* of ¥ onfield Vochell, Esquire, deceascdl: That the said Mr. Vacbell is indebted to the Petitioner £. too by Judgment, and yet in the said Bill his Debt is said to be but £. 50. And praying, that be may be heard, before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Buoe'a A Bill for Sale of several Lands within the Manor of

Bnrrougk, in the County of for raising the Portions of Henry Borne, and ditce Borne the younger, Children of John Bornedeceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Verney, Major Holmes, Sir John , Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Archer, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Wyld, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Sir John Kay, Mr. Byott, Mr. Dryden, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. England, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Northmore, Sir Fra. Majfam, Mr. Laugharne; and all, that serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; The House proceeded (according to Order) upon the L«ad Tax. adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, was committed:

And proceeded upon the Lists of Commissioners for executing the said A Gt.

And the List of Commissioners for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Henry Sparrow be added a Commissioner for the said Borough;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for ho Y'^ % % ?!' .}

Tellers for the Noes,}

So it paired in the Negative.

Confcresce The Time for the Conference, desired by the Lords with Lords. Yesterday, being come;

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference; and that Mr. Vice-chamberlain be added to them.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported the Conference; and that it was managed by the Earl of Stamford; who acquainted them, that the Conference was desired by the Lords, to communicate to this House an Address, grounded upon the Resolution of their Lordships, of the 6th of December instant, to which this House had agreed; to which Address they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Which Address he read, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Report being read at the Table, the Address is, as followeth; viz.

Die Jovts, 13* Decern. 1705.

Resolution — WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sobjects, Church not the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in Danger. jn Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration your Majesty's most gracious Speech at the opening of this Parliament, have, upon mature Deliberation, come to the following Resolution:

Resolved by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, That the Church of England, as by Law established, which was refeued from the extremest Danger by King William the 3d (of glorious Memory) is now, by God's Blessing, under the happy Reign of her Majesty, in a most safe and flourishing Condition; and that whoever goes about to suggest,

Vo l. 15.

and insinuate, that the Church is in danger under her Majesty's Administration, is an Enemy to the Queen, the Church, and the Kingdom:

Which, we humbly beg Leave to lay before your Majesty: And as your Majesty has been pleased to express a just Indignation against all such wicked Persons; ft> we assure your Majesty, that we shall be always ready, to the utmost of our Power, to assist your Majesty in discountenancing, and defeating their Practices. And we humbly beseech your Majesty, to take effectual Measures for the making the said Resolution publick, and also for punishing the Authors and Spreaders of these seditious and scandalous Reports, to the end that all others may, for the future, be deterred from endeavouring to distract the Kingdom with such unreasonable and groundless Di ft rafts and Je&loufies.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be now read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlers for he YeM,{^;j"f ‘} Teller, for the Noes,^Hal"' }

'55 124.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The same was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Word " Commons."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Address, by inserting, after the Word " Reports," " according to Law."

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted in the said Address;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

fMr.

Mr.

'Sir Wm. Strickland, 1

[Mr. Skippon: j 157*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-mat ter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

99*

Then the House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

And the List of Commissioners for the City of Coventry being read;

An Amendment was proposed, to leave out "and " Aldermen."

And the Question being pur. That "and Aldermen" Hand part of the Lift;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

T , cV fSir Hen. Dutton Colt,

Teller for the yca,|Mr

Teller, for he N«

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

All the Lists of Commissioners being gone through;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Monday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 150 die Decembris;

Anno 40 Anns Reginx, 1705.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Cox have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc-fions.

R Ordered,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Leave of Absenca

Courtney's

Estate.

Fairfax's

Estate.

Stour Navigation.

Vachell's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Thornhills

Estate.

Importing

certain

French

Wines.

Sedley's

Ellate.

66

150 Decembris.

A; ^05.

Ordered, That Mr. Holmes have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Peter Courtney Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forrh, that near 20 Years since, the Petitioner purchased of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, now deceased, divers Messuages and Lands in the Parish of Ladock, in the County of -wall, and hath ever since enjoyed them: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for vesting a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate: That, as the Bill is now worded, without a particular Saving of the Petitioner's Right, it may affect his Estate, and involve him in Trouble: And praying, that a Clause may be added to the Bill, for saving the Petitioner's Right to his purchased Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Bertie (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for Sale of the Manor of East Evening, and several Lands and Hereditaments in in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children, who are Infants; and the same was received.

A Bill for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the

Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. W, Sir William Strickland, Mr. Po/ey, Mr. Peyton, Sir Robert Dovers. Lord Poivlett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Berks, Northampton, Leicester, and Huntington, for Payment of the Debts, and railing Portions for the younger Children, of

Tanfield Fachell, Esquire, deceased, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bere have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill to vest certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thornhill, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and his Sifter's Portion, charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Ashurst (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to impower Tho. Cary and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French W ine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the lft Day of January 1704; and the same was received.

A Petition of Sir Joint Sedley, of St. in the Parish of Ightham, in the County of Kent, Baronet, and of Geo. Sedley, Esquire, his Son, and Heir apparent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Cha.Sedley, Baronet, deceased, was seised in Fee

of a great Mansion-house, and divers Land thereto belonging, in the said Parish, and of several other Lands in the said County, but incumbered with divers Mortgages, and Debts, and died without Issue, leaving the Petitioner Sir John, his Uncle, his Heir at Law: That Sir Charles, the Night before he died, being non-compos, was prevailed on to sign a Will, whereby he gave several great Legacies, chargeable on some Part of the Premises; but the Will was made void in the spiritual Court; however, to avoid Suits, Sir John hath compounded with the Legatees: That, by the pretended Will, Sir Cha. Estate is made liable to pay his Debts, and Legacies, and afterwards is devised to Sir John, for Life, and after to the Petitonire Geo. for Life, and after to all his Sons, in

Tail Male, Remainder to his right Heirs: That Geo. has Six Children, the eldest being under Age; so that no Purchaser will buy the said Estate (for fear of Trouble) which would tend to the Advantage of the Petitioner's Family: And piaying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Charles, and compounding his Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies in a Purchase, to be settled according to the Limitations of the said Will, and for allowing a competent Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the younger Children of the Petitioner Geo. Sedley.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Brewer and Mr. Toke do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition from the Minister, and Churchwardens, of Regulating the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was pre- Thames Wa-fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an t*ri»en.

Act, made in the nth and 12th Years of the late King William, for the better governing the Watermen on the River of Thames, the Governors of the Watermen's Company have Power to appoint 40 Watermen, to ply on every Lord's Day, for the carrying Passengers cross the River, at a Penny a-piece, and, after Charges deducted, to apply the Overplus to poor decayed Watermen, and their Widows: That in the said Parish there arc above 280 Families of Watermen, who have above 640 Children, besides Servants, whole Services will, in Time, make them Inhabitants, most of whose Masters are in her Majesty's Service; by whose loss at Sea whole Families become chargeable to the said Parish, the poor Watermen thereof receiving little or nothing from the said Governors: That the Money earned by the Watermen of St. Margaret's, Westminster, is applied to the Support of the poor Watermen of that Parish; and there being ar Bill depending in the House, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, the Petitioners pray, that a Clause may

be added thereto, that the Money, arising by the Ferries within Lambeth Parish, on the Lord's Day, may be applied to the Support of such decayed Watermen, and Lightermen, and their Widows, and Orphans, as are within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the Relief of Colonel John Rice, was read a Relief of Second time. Col. Rice.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Stuart's, 4c. the paying, and clearing, the Regiments of Lieutenantj Regimental General Stuart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Ho/t, who, Arrears by reason of Accidents, have not their Muster-rolls; and that Mr. Moor, Sir Joseph Tredenham, and Brigadier Stanhop, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they hear the Merits of of Privilege# the Elections of East Retford, and Lejlwithiel, before Chrifmas-, and that they hear the Merits of the Election for Huntington in the first Place after the Holy-days, and the rest of the Causes in Course.

Mr. Farrer reported from , the Committee, to whom Humble'* the Bill to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Estate. Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surry, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, made upon his Marriage with Sarah, his now Wife, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

4 Ann. 15* — 17* Decembris. 67

mittee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout,! and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Public Reve- Resolved, That this House, will, upon Thursday Morn-nues and ing next, take into further Consideration the Account of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

Clandestine Ordered, That the Bill for the better enforcing the Outlawries. Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Oakbampton Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Borough of Oakhampton, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

and Sutton with £.3,600 to pay his Debts: That the Monies, charged by Peter, the Grandfather, being to be raised out of the Profits of the Estate, it cannot be done in any reasonable Time, and yet cover the whole Estate; and the said Term and Rent-charge being both general Incumbrances, and interfere one with another, the Estate is like to continue intangled, and thereby the Petitioner's Settlement is interrupted, the Creditors unpaid, and the Infant destitute of a Maintenance, unless the same be retrieved by the speedy railing of Money, by leafing, or mortgaging the Premises, to clear the Debts and Charges thereupon; which cannot be done, by reason of the Infancy of the said Peter, without Authority of Parliament:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the Estate of the said Richard Bold in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Monies, to which the same is liable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Kay and Mr. Musgrave do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Yard have Leave to go into the Leave ol Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Repealing The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Clauses re- whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Sc^laud intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming an Agreement, made Owen's upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esquire, and Doro- Estate. thy his Wife, both of Nash, in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for confirming an-Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, of Nash, in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir George Rook have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. George Weld have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Lunce, 170 die Decembris;

Anno 4* Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Prayers.

Regulating /ORDERED, That all the Members that are of the Thames Wa- \J jong R0be, be added to the Committee, to whom ermen, c‘ the Bill for the better ordering and governing the Watermen and Lightermen upon the River Thames, is committed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Napier have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, for recovery of his Health.

Ediflone Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

Light-house. of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, was referred, do report their Opinion thereupon to the House; and that Sir Robert Davers be added to the said Committee.

Bold's Estate. A Petition of Elizabeth Bold, Widow and Relict of . Richard Bold, late of Bold, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, and Mother and Guardian of Peter Bold, an Infant, under the Age of 21 Years, Son and Heir of the said Richard Bold, as well for herself, as on the behalf of the said Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Peter Bold, Esquire, Grandfather of the said Infant, being seised of several Manors and Lands in Lancashire, settled a Jointure upon his Wife Ann, who is still alive, and limited a Term of 99 Years, for railing £. 2,500 for his Daughters Portions, and £. 3,000 more, which he charged by his Will; and afterwards Richard Bold, his Son, charged his whole Estate with a Rent-charge of £. 300 per Annum, to the Petitioner Eliz. for her Jointure, and his Manors of Bold Vpt. 15.

Ordered, That Mr. Pigott have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) presented to Reve'* Estate.

the House, a Bill for veiling the Estates of Reve, the elder, Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher Reve,

Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making some Provision for the Widow of the said Christopher Reve, the Son, and for Christopher, his only Child, an Infant; and the same was received.

A Petition of John Williams, an Infant of Twelve Years William*' of Age, by Mary Williams, his Mother and Guardian, was Estate. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Robert Williams, late of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, Gentleman, deceased, did by his last Will devise his Parsonage of Bugden, which he held under one of the Prebendaries of Lincoln for Three Lives, with its Appurtenances, unto Eliz. Williams, his Brother's Widow, for her Life, and after her Decease, to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns; which said Eliz. is lately dead:

That one of the Lives in the said Lease, is now dead, and the Petitioner, being a Minor, is not capable of making a Surrender of the Lease, in order to fill up the Lives; which may be of great Prejudice to him: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew the said Lease.

Ordered, That- Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, and that Mr.

Pocklington and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the fur- Supply Bill; ther Consideration of the Report of the Bill for granting Land lax*

an

Conference with Lords.

Newcastle

upon Tyne Writ

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

68 17*-^" 18® Decembris. A. 1705.

an Aid so her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. St. John reported, that he having (according to

Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the Subject-matter of the last: Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Address, which was delivered by the Lords at the last Conference, and to which this House hath agreed, be delivered to the Lords at this Conference.

Then the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, that they had been at the Conference, and acquainted the Lords, that this House had agreed to the Address, to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House; and had left the Address with their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of New upon Tyne, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Sir

Blackett, Baronet, deceased.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Report of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee thereunto, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon (with an Amendment) agreed unto by the House.

Clause C, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners for Lintolnshire may act as Commissioners within the Parish of St. Stamford Baron,

in Northamptonshire, as usually.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching the City of Lincoln's bearing a particular Part of the Tax upon the County.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching the City of Exeter.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was pfoposed to be made to the Bill, Fo.* L.# to add, " or within the weekly Bills of Mortality."

And a Motion being thade, and the Question being put, That those Worth be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed, Fo. 53. L. 8,9. to leave out these Words, " and all Councilors and " Attorneys, practising, or having a Right to practise,

" in the said Marshalsea Court

And the Question being put. That those Words stand part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^- °ChZlq . } 79-

Tellers for the Noes,^; Sia/Sify} 6l~

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amlendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- ^ay‘

ing next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole imt' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for fais-ing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole, Colonel Sir

Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. , Mr. St.

John, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Serjeant , be added to

the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of certain Lands in the Counties of Berks, Northampton, and Huntington, for the Payment of tire Debts, and railing the Portions of the younger Children, of Tanfield'

Vachell, Esquire, deceased,....

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Pa ate as.

A PETITION of the Minister, Churchwardens, Regulating Overseers of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants, of 1bames the Parish of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, was terme®'&c* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen and Lightermen upon the River Thames, the Design whereof is to increase the Number of Watermen's Apprentices; whereby the Poor of the said Parish will be much increased, as the Petitioners apprehend: And praying the Consideration of the House* and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Yates have Leave to go into the Have of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Bill for making the River Stour navigable from Stour the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Navigation. Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen.

Dutton Colt, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Skippon, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Topham, Mr. Cowper, Sir William Ellis, Sir Gervas Elwes, Sir John Holland, Mr. Slockdale, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Townsend, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Chambers, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Kent, Sir Nich.

Morris, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whitchurch, Mr.

Manley, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Lowther., Mr. Owen,

Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Moyle, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Jessop, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Farrer; and all, that serve for the Couh-ties of Essex and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A: Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ho- Queen ap-nourable House, that the Lords have sent to her Majesty, points to be so know, what time her Majesty would please to appoint attendec*‘ to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and that her Majesty has been pleased to

23 appoint

4 Ann. i 8° Decembris. 6 9

appoint Four of the Clock this Afternoon, for both Houses to attend her at St. James's; and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time.

Creenall's Mr. North reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the Bill to enable Robert the younger, to fell

an Estate in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Worcester, and purchase another Estate, of as great, or greater. Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeuts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cloth But- Sir Gilbert Heathcott (according to Order) presented to tousufed for the House, a Bill to permit the making up of Cloathes the Army. w|th Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for clothing the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Forbes' A Bill for the Sale of the Manor of Berwick Hall,

Estate. and other Lands there, in the County of the

Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Worjley,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Mr. Chambers, Mr. Strode, Mr. W Sir John Cope, Mr. -thrope, Mr. Topham, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir IVm. Ash Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pole, Sir Robert Mr.

Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Toke, Mr. Vaughan; and all for the Counties of Essex and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, that several Persons, with Force and Arms; Leyfon Hopkin, William John, John George, and Griffith Bowen, of Lant-will, William Phillips, of Langunner, Wm. Broadber, David Prau/fe, John , and Charles Fi/her, of

Neath. have broken down the Gate, and Stone Wall, of Sir Humphry Maikworth (a Member of this House) in the Parish of Neath, in the County of , and

entered on his Land, and taken away his Goods, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that several Persons; viz.'Thomas Popkins, of Lanfamlett, Ley fen Hopkin and Geo. Rood, of Lantwill by Neath, William Phillips, of Langunner, John Morgan, Morris Morgan, Wm. John David, John Thomas, and Thomas Richard, of Neath, have broken down, and Cut in Pieces, the Waggon-way, and Rails of Sir Humphry Mackworth (a Member of this House) and obstructed the Carriage of his Coal cross the Highway to the River of Neath, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Regulating A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch,

Nightly was read the First time.

Wwcb. . Vo l. 15.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day three Weeks.

A Petition of the Lady Mary Kirk, Widow and Army Relict of the late Lieutenant-General was presented Arrear9' to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Time of her said Husband's Death their was a considerable Arrear of Pay due to him, which is yet unsatisfied:

That, before Ihe could get his Accounts flated by the Commissioners of Accounts, as in like Cafes, their Time expired: That the Petitioner's late Husband's Creditors are very troublesome to her; but flie is unable to satisfy them, without the Arrears, due to her said late Husband: And praying, that Debentures may be granted her for the said ... in order to the Payment of the said Creditors.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Venner was referred.

A Petition of John De Roffiers, and John Robethon, Ditto, for themselves, many Officers, Widows, and Orphans,

(Ac. of the Three French Regiments of Foot in the English Pay, lately under the Command of Major-General La Me/oniere, Belcastle, and the Right honourable the Lord Lifford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that in 1699 the House of Commons did order the Five French Regiments on the English Establishment to be cleared their Arrears due to them for their Service in Ireland; and being informed, that the Lord Coningsby was to pay them, they several Times applied themselves to him for the lame; and, though their Accounts were stated, and signed by the Colonels and Agents of the said Regiments, yet they never could obtain any Satisfaction: And praying, that they maybe relieved for what is due to them for their laid Arrears of Pay.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whbm the Petition of Colonel Venner was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, only so far as relates to the Pay of such Persons, as shall appear, and the Widows and Orphans of such, as are dead, and are Executors, and have Administration granted to diem, and report the same to the House.

Mr. Topham (according to Order) reported from the Repealing, Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Clauses Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal several j'efpefhng Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of &cot her present Majesty's Reign, for- securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the King- , dom of Scotland, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Press L. 28. After the Word " fame" insert, " And whereas, since the making the said Act, an Act hath been made and passed in the Parliament of Scotland,.

for enabling her Majesty to appoint Comnrlfioners,

" to treat with Commissioners for the Kingdom of " land of and concerning an Union of the said King- doms of England and Scotland; now, to the end, that the good and friendly Disposition of this Kingdom " towards the Kingdom of Scotland may appear."

In the same Line, leave out " therefore."

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the BT1 to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: to which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

S The

Security of the Queen's Person, and Protestant Succession.

Arch, bishoprick of Dublin Estate*

Answer to Address.

Irish Arrears.

Afgiirs Purchase of Infh Forfeitures.,

Supply

Laqd

Bill;

Tax*

1°

The Order of the Day being read, for reading the Second time the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line:

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Two a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19°

Anno 4s Annae Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

MR Southwell (according to Order) prefen ted to the House, a Bill for restoring to the Archbishoprick of Dublin the Town and Lands of , and repaying to

William, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the Money he paid for the same, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the same was received.

> Mr. Speaker reported, that both Houses of Parliament did Yesterday present their humble Address to her Majesty} and that her Majesty was pleased thereupon to give a gracious Answer, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I shall readily comply with your Address; and am very well pleased, to find both Houses of Parliament so forward to join with me in putting a Stop to those malicious Reports.

Ordered, That Charnock, Mr. Squire, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Conyers, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornh Mr. England, Mr. Chambers, Mr. JeJfop, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Roberts, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of John AJgill, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Billj viz.

Press too. L and L # to leave out, in two Places,

better," and insert " further" instead thereof:

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Prels a 17. L # by leaving out " together with," and inserting, instead thereof, " and shall certify."

And the Question being put, That " together with'* stand part of the Bill j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Candles be brought in;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Telkn for the Yeas,j

Tcllers for the Nots' { Mn ItulewMh: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And Candles were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

16

1705.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Ie"*' to consider further of Ways and Means for jailing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Security of That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Queen'* Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and protestant Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of SucceHon. England in the Protestant Line, be now read the Second time:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TCers for the *{* %

Telia* for the Noes,{ JJj; } i6j;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And Charles Cafar, Esquire, upon the Debate of the said Bill, (landing up in his Place, saying the Words following (which were directed by the House to be set down in Writing, at the Table) viz.

" There is a noble Lord, without whose Advice the Queen does nothing, who, in the late Reign, was " known to keep a constant Correspondence with the " Court at St, Germans

And the said Mr. Cafar endeavouring to excuse him-(elf, and being called upon to withdraw j

And he being withdrawn accordingly;

And a Debate arising thereupon j

Resolved, That the said Words are highly dishonourable to her Majesty's Person and Government.

Resolved, That the said Charles Cafar, Esquire, be, for his said Offience, committed Prisoner to the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, to take into his Custody the Body of the said Charles Cafar, Esquire, and him to deliver into the Hands of the Lieutenant of his Majesty's Tower of London, to be there kept in safe Custody, during the Pleasure of this House; and also to the Lieutenant of the Tower, to receive and keep him accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 20* die Decembris;

Anno 4* Anna!, Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Dowdfwellhave Leave to go Leav«of

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraor- Absence. dinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Stevens have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer have Leave to go into the Country for ThreeWeeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Musgrave (according to Order) presented to the Bold'* Eftat«. House, a Bill for veiling the Estate, late of Richard Bold,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Monies, to which the same is liable; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Banks have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for recovery of his Health. Abfeac*.

A Bill

18° — 190 — 200

Reve's

Estate.

Litchfield Ifc. Redden-tiaries and Prebends.

Leave of Absence.

Chute's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Parton

Harbour.

Repealing Claudes respecting Scotland.

Cave's

Estate;

4 Ann

40® Decembris.

71

A Bill for veiling the Estates of^ Reve,

the elder, Clerk, deceased, and of Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making some Provision for the Widow of the said Christopher Reve, the Son, and for Christopher, his only Child, an Infant, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedra], was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Dyott, Sir Robert Eden, Colonel Trelawney, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Gery, Mr. England, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Monson, Lord Cheine, Mr. Hoblyn, Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Cartwright, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Gale, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Sir fVm. Scawen, Mr. York, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Coke j and all, that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Digby have Leave to go into the Country, for recovery of his Health.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate, late of Thomas Chute, Esquire, in the County of Warwick, and laying out the Monies, arising the reby, in the purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Warwickshire Estate (lands settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafi.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Strode have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Sitting of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Fletcher, Esquire, Ferryes,

Rowland Jackson, Robert Blachlock, Clement Nicholson, and Thomas Lutwidge, and others, concerned in the Coal Trade at Whitehaven, and Parton, was referred, be put off until the 9th Day of January next; and that all Persons, summoned, do attend the Committee upon that Day, as they should have done upon the Day, which was appointed for the fitting of the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Kingdom of Scotland.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Tho. Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses $ to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 15.

Sir Joseph Tredenham (according to Order) presented Stewart's, to the House, a Bill for the paying and clearing the fcc; Regi-Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, ?eni?L; Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt-, and the same was " received.

A Complaint being made to the House, that John John, Privilege* the late Mayor of Leftwithiell, John Hawkey, and Wil- coloration Ham Taprell, having the Books, relating to the Corpo- 8^1 ° ration of Leftwithiell, in their Custody, have not permitted James Kendall, Esquire, and his Agents, to inspect the said Books, and take Notes and Copies from the same, according to an Order, made by the Committee of Privileges and Elections in that behalf;

Ordered, That the said John John, John Hawkey, and William Taprell, do, upon Sight hereof, permit the said Mr. Kendall, or his Agents, to inspect the said Books, and take such Notes and Copies therefrom, as they shall think fit.

A Bill to impower Thomas Cary, and George Hatley, importing of London, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of certain French Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the First Day of January, 1704, was read the First time. mes!

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for restoring to the Archbishoprick of Dublin Arch-the Town and Lands of Seatown, and repaying to Wil- of

liam. Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the Money be paid Ettatej for the fame, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Harrison, Esquire, was pre- Northaller-fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the ton EleaioaJ Petitioner was duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northallerton, in the County of York, in the room of Robert Dormer,

Esquire; but by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, of Roger Gale, Esquire, he procured himself to be returned:

And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Trent Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen, and other the Inhabitants, Navigation, in the Parts adjacent to the River, of Fofs-dike, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the 42d and 23rd Years of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, an Act was made, for improving the Navigation between the Town of Boston and the River Trent -, but by reason of several Obstructions, and for want of a sufficient Power in the said Act to remove the fame, the said Navigation is in great Decay, which, if removed, would be of great Advantage to the neighbouring Inhabitants, and would employ great Numbers of the poorer Sort of People, who, upon all Occasions, will be capable to serve her Majesty at Sea: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual the said Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thomas Willoughby, Lord William Pow/ett, Mr. Whitch-

cott, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Meers, and Mr. Lifter, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Sale of the Manor of East Evening, and Fairfax'* several Lands and Hereditaments in Swineshead, in the Estatei County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children, who are Infants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Tempest, Robert Young, James Northaller-Coates, Richard Surbert, Edward Flanders, Robert Sayer, ton Election.

Robert

20° Decembris.

A. 170.5.

Robert Dauby, Ralph Humphreys, William Brittains, Richard Sadler, and William Lee, free Borough men of the Borough of Northallerton, in the County of York, in the Name of theml'elves, and of several others, free Boroughmen of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by the ancient Customs of the said Borough, the Petitioners have, and for several Years last past have had, the Right to vote upon every Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; notwithstanding which, Richard Stonehewer, Gentleman, the Borough Bailiff, upon the late Election of a Burgess to serve in the room of Robert Dormer, Esquire, did not only refuse to permit the Peti-. tioners to vote, but admitted others to vote who had no Right: And praying the House to do such Right to the Petitioners, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Edward's Mr. Toke reported from the Committee, to whom the Estate. Bill to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Copfents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table , where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Bold'sEstate. A Bill for veiling the Estate, late of Richard Bold, in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Monies, to which the same is liable, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Oakhampton Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Election. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That the Committee have inspected the Record of the double Return for the Borough of Oakhampton and also upon the several Petitions of John Dibble, Esquire, and the Mayor of the said Borough, and of Sir Simon Leach, Knight of the Bath j the Two first complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir Simon Leach, the last, of an undue Election, and Return, of John Dibble, Esquire.

That Mr. Northmen's Election was not drawn into Question.

That, as to Mr. Dibble, and Sir Simon , the Poll, as it was taken, flood thus:

For Mr. Dibble, ----- -124

For Sir Simon Leach, - -' - - - 117

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freemen, and Freeholders, of the Borough.

That the Points, that Sir Simon Leache's Counsel in-

filled on, were these:

First, to take off several from Mr. Dibble's Poll.

To add one to their own:

And lastly, to charge Mr. Dibble with feme ill Practices.

And (lift they endeavoured to take off from Mr. Dibble's Poll 19, as irregularly polled. And as to that they called several Witnesses j

John Sltebbere, Robert Young, Richard John Proufe, Joseph Goodman:

Who gave an Account, thac this Election began on the 15th of May, and, by reason of several Disturbances '(which occasioned several short Adjournments) was continued till late that Evening, and then was adjourned till the next Day, Twelve a Clock; and, upon such Adjournment, Sir Simon Leach, and the Town Clerk, who is also Steward, and several Gentlemen, went away: That before Twelve a Clock the next Day, viz. about Ten a Clock, the Mayor came, and polled 21 Persons before Twelve a Clock, one or two of which had been objected to the Day bofore: That about Twelve a Clock, the feme Day, Sir Simon Leach, with other Gentlemen, came

to the Court, and made the Mayor so sensible of his Mistake, that the Mayor proclaimed the Court over again; and then Two of those, that had been polled before, came, and polled over again.

That Sir Simon Leach's Counsel then proceeded to disqualify feme of Mr. Dibble's Voters, for Corruption; and

to that they called several Witnesses;

John Fortescue; who said, that he was a Freeman, and

voted for Mr. Dibble, and did it by the Importunity of Mr. Dibble, and his Son: The Son, being an Attorney, was promised Mr. Dibble's Law Business, on condition the Father would vote for him; and Mr. Dibble quitted a House, he rented of Dr. Venner, it being convenient for Mr. Fortescue, the Son. He said, he intended to have flayed at home on the Election Day; but his Son came to him, and persuaded him to come to the Court; and when there, he was thrust into Court, and voted for Mr. Dibble} which he was ferry for.

John Shebbere said, that Charles Arfcott, told him, that he had received £.10 to vote for Mr. Dibble. He said indeed, he had given his Note for the 10 but was told, that, if he voted for Mr. Dibble, that Note should do him no harm: That the Money was lent him at Fair.

Joseph Goodman said, he kept an Inn at Oakhampton; and that Mr. Dibble declared at his House, he set up for a Member of Parliament; and told him, if he would be for him, he would spend £. 500 in his House, and would spend £. 2,000 in the Town, rather than mifearry in it: That this was a Year, or more, before the Election and that Mr. Dibble once, calling for a Bottle Wine, said, it was but cheating the Queen of a Foot of Timber the more.

And H.Topper having floored a Room for the said

Goodman; Topper said, he could not have afforded the Boards so cheap, if the Carriage had not been given him in Mr. Dibble's Waggons. Topper explained it afterwards to be back Carriage; [and it appeared that Mr. Dibble's Servants used to have the Advantage of back Carriage.*] He gave the Waggoner aS'chut to drink.

R Shebbere That Sir Simon Leache's Counsel then Jo/. Goodman, (excepted, and gave Evidence by those Robert Young, i Witnesses, to Five Persons, as being neither

Wm. Shebbere.J Freemen, nor Freeholders j and to One,

as under Age.

That, as to the One, to be added to Sir Simon Leache's Poll,

Mr. Goodman laid, that he had made one Chapman a Lease, for his Life, Three or Four Years since; but Mr. Harris had an undivided 8th Part of the Estate.

Young proved, he offered to poll for Sir Simon Leach.'

That Mr. Dibble's Counsel, by way of Answer to the foregoing Evidence, first endeavoured to justify the Votes, p>olled for Mr. Dibble; then to add feme others, who offered to vote for Mr. Dibble, and were refused; then to disqualify feme, who voted for Sir Simon Leach; and concluded with ill Practices by Sir Leach, or his Agents.

And first, as to the 19, Mr. Dibble's Counsel infilled, that the Court was adjourned from Turf Jay Night to the next day, Ten a Clock; and consequently, those, that voted then, were well polled. And as to that, they called several Witnesses:

These Words are supplied from the original Report.

Mr,

20° Decembris.

4 Ann.

Mr. Hdrrir, Reynold Couc, Lillycrap, and Christopher Tendall, junior: Who laid, that the Court was adjourned from Tuesday Evening till Ten a Clock hext Day; and that the Mayor accordingly -came to the Court between Ten and Eleven a Clock next Days and Sir Simon Leach not being come, he lent the Serjeant to him, to desire him to come to Court, and flayed for him Three Quarters of an Hour; and, before he proceeded with the Poll, the Mayor examined the Serjeant, who gave him an Account, that he had given Sir Simon and the Gentlemen Notice, and had cryed the Court about the Town; and then the Mayor went on with the Poll, and had polled the 21, or the most Part of them, before Sir Simon Leach came into Court: That Sir Simon Leach, when he came, objected to the polling of them, and the Mayor offered to poll them over again; but Sir Simon declared himself satisfied with all of them, except one or two, and bid him go on: But it was admitted, that the Town-clerk was for adjourning from Tuesday to Twelve a Clock the next Day, and the Cryer, by mistake, did first name Twelve a Clock; but the Mayor presently corredled him, and made him adjourn the Court till Ten a Clock.

That the next thing Mr. s Counsel proceeded

on, was, to add to Mr. Dibble's Poll some, who were refused; and called

Christopher Yendall, junior; who laid, that Eight Persons had served their Apprenticeships in the Borough, and had'demanded their Freedoms before the Election; and all, but Lillicraft (to whom, as to that Point, he could not speak) demanded their Poll for Mr. Dibble at this Election*.

And Peter Palmer laid, that Humphrey Lillicraft did offer to poll for Mr. Dibble at this Election. r Mr. Dibble's Counsel then excepted, and

r. en a gave Evidence, to 14 Persons, who voted for Sir Simon Leach; some, as not being Freeholders within the Borough; and to others, as either not being Freemen, or else made free just before the Election.

That they then proceeded to justify some Votes, excepted to by Sir Simon Leach's Counsel; and gave Evidence, by Chr. Yendall, J. Fortescue, and Mr. , that One had served an Apprenticeship, and Four others had Freeholds, in the- Borough, at the Time of the Election.

That the next thing Mr. Dibble's Counsel proceeded upon, was, to prove Corruption: And for that they called

Hillary Macy, a Quaker; who said, he was presented in the Bishop's Court, for not paying of Tythes, and condemned in Costs; and Mr. Hujfey, the Minister, pro* mifed him, if he would vote for Sir Simon Leach, he would discharge the Costs, and not profocute him for the future. And he produced Note to that

Effect, dated the 16th of May last; and laid, that otherwise he would have been for Mr.

Henry Lee laid, that Richard Wingate offered him Five Guineas, to appear at the Committee of Elections and Privileges, and lay, that Mr. Dibble paid for the Purchase of certain Lands he had bought; telling him, it would be only telling a Lie.

John Gowman said, that Henry Taylor came, and de-lired his Vote for Sir Simon Leach, and put Two half Crowns in his Hand, which he kept for half an Hour; and that Richard Schebbere desired his Vote for Sir Simon Leach, and told him, he would give him all the Money in his Pocket; and took some Money out of his Pocket; but how much he did not know.

Chr. Yendall said, that one William Quintin, a Servant to one Goman, was taken up, and carried before the Mayor, as a lit Person to be a Soldier; and the Mayor discharged him; but afterwards Justice Ellycott (who had been threatened to be stuck, if he did not fend him) caused him to be taken up again, and lifted; but one Vay.or offered Goman, if he would vote for Sir Simon

Leach, that Quintin should be discharged.

David Trueller said, he was an Hoftleij at Goodman'i; Vol. 15.

73

and his Master, and Sir Simon Leach's Gentleman, or- Oakhampton dered him to take no Money of Sir Simon's Voters; and kledtion. that he did return some Money he had taken.

That Sir Simon Leach's Counsel, by way of Reply, called, to justify his Votes, that were objected to,

John Shebbere; who said, that Three of the Persons, said to be made free just before the Election, were made free in October was 12 Months:

That two others were made free before the of the Writ; and that he did not fee any of those, that Yendall said, demanded their Poll for Mr. Dibble, come into Court, or demand their Poll:

And, that he looked upon the Estate of both the Mr*

Courtneys to be within the Borough.

That, as to the Return, Sir Simon Leach examined,

Robert Young, John Proufe\ who said, that the Mayor seemed very much dissatisfied with his own Proceedings at this Election, and afterwards, on Thursday, he went to Mr. Northmore's, the Town-clerk's House, to adviso with him what to do; and Mr. Young read the Indenture of Return of Sir Simon Leach, and he executed it with great Deliberation, and not only once, but, as others came in, he executed it over again; and, being told of his being imposed upon by Mr. Northmore, in ligning Sir Simon Leach's Indenture, and that he made an Affidavit to that Effect, said, that, if Mr. Northmore's Name was mentioned in any such Affidavit, he was abused in it s And they produced a Paper, signed by the said Mayor, to that Effect.

That, on the other side, the Endorsement upon Sir Simon Leach's Indenture, of the 16th of May lift, was read, viz. That the said Indenture was tendered to Mr.

Chr. Yendall, Mayor of Oakhampton, to be by him sealed

with the common Seal of the Borough, in the Hall there, in the Presence of all the Candidates in open Court; which the Mayor refused to do: And this was testified by several Gentlemen, whose Names were subscribed.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Simon Leach, Knight of the Rath, is not duly elected, and returned, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Dibble, Esquire, is duly elected, and return* ed, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Oakhampton.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Sir Simon Leach, Knight of the Bath, is not duly elected, and returned, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TdlmforfteYe^ffiL, }'63

Teller! for the Noes|: }'*6-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Dibble, Esquire, is duly cledted, and returned, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Oakhampton;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,{Wm^Strick11

Tellers for the Noes,* JJj] pjj* J »4>*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Publick Revenues and Debts.

Leave of Absence,

Torbay

Harbour*

Newfoundland, Ac. Trade.

Stewart's, Ac. Regimental Arrears.

Regulating Thames Watermen, &c.

20° — 2i° Decembris. A. 1705.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Oakhampton, by taking off the Indenture,

by which the said Sir Simon Leach was returned.

Resolved, FT\\oA. this House will, upon Saturday Three Weeks, take into further Consideration the Account of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Verier is, 210 die;

Anno 40 Annae Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

R D ER ED, That Mr. Foley have Leave to go into " the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir JuJiinian have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Wild have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River of 'Thames, which Bill is to allow a greater Number of Watermen's Apprentices, than is at present permitted: That the Watermen are already so numerous, and their Employment not sufficient to maintain their Families, so that they are become burthensome to the Parish: And praying, that such Relief may be given to the said poor Watermen, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Carr (according to Order) presented to the House, Ilorfley* . a Bill for Sale of Newham', in the County of Northum-berland. Part of the Estate of John Horsley, and Jane his Wife, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cave*, to enable Sir Tho. Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands in Estate- . the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bilfoit have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Rob'tnfon have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Woollaston (according to Order) presented to the SorocoUft House, a Bill for the Sale of an Advowson in late

the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow, and Child; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Colonel Stringer have Leave to go A Petition of the Sovereign Burgesses, Freemen, and N?" into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Inhabitants of the Corporation of New Rojs, in the "°°,ron-Occasions. Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, that the said Town of New Ross is A Petition of divers Owners and Matters of Merchant a considerable Place of Trade, and, ever since Wool Ships, belonging to the Port of London, in behalf of was exported into England, Was a free Port, until the themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, Year 1699, when an Act of Parliament passed, for name-and read; setting forth, that many Ships have been taken ing free Ports for the Exportation of Wool, with very by the Enemy, and loft by Storms, on the Southern and severe Penalties on those, who should transgress; and Western Coasts of this Kingdom, for want of a Harbour Rofje not being named therein, the Commissioners at in Torbay, there being no Safety for Shipping between //# refused to grant Liberty to as formerly (being a Portsmouth and Plymouth; and, being sensible, that one Member of Waterford, named in the said Act) to export of the best Harbours may be made at Torbay, the Peti- Wool; whereby the Trade of the said Town is utterly tioners pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ruined: That it appears by a Report of the Commis-for making a Mold, or Harbour . in'8*orbay.^ ' sioners of the Revenues in Ireland (to whom the Exami-Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition nation of the Petitioners Grievances was referred) that be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine New Ross was reputed a Member of; and they

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opi- were of opinion, that the granting Liberty to export nion therein, to the House. _ Wool from thence would be a great Benefit to the adja-

And it is referred to Sir William Courteney, Sir Wil- cent Counties, as well as the Protestant Traders at New Ham Forester, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Rolle, R0fs, and be an Improvement of Trade, and the Reve-

Mr. Wyld, Mr. Walsh, Lord Powlett, Mr. Pole, Mr. nues: That the Petitioners conceive, it was not the In-Dibble, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Robert Eden, tent of the said Act to destroy the ancient Privileges of Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Burridge, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Gwyn, the said Town, of being a free Port to export Wool to Sir Stafford Fairborn, Mr. Topham, Mr. Walpole, Mr. England: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in Bulteel; and all the Members of the House, concerned a Bill for making the said Town of New Rosse a Port, in the Royal Navy, and that serve for the Counties . for exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom.

Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset, and for maritime Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to Lord Coningsby and Mr. AJgill do prepare, and bring in, fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. the fame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay before this House, a State of the Trade with -

land, and the Western Islands.

A Bill for paying and clearing the Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Margaret's Westminster, on behalf of the Poor Watermen of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, >9

A Petition of Daniel Blake, and John England, on Privilege — behalf of themselves, and about Four hundred more Suitagumft Creditors of John late Lord Lovelace, deceased, as also a ^iaijer-of Richard Neville, Esquire, John Radford, Esquire,

Henry Nevill, and Henry Fane, Gentlemen, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Executors, and Legatees, of his Lordship's Will, was presented to the House.

And the same relating to Sir Henry Johnson (a Member of the House) who.not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic; and that the said Sir Henry Jcbnfon do attend in his Place upon Tuesday Fortnight next.

A Bill

4 Amn.

11

Decembris.

it

Thornhill'* a Bill to veil certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thornhill, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and his Sifters Portions, charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wooljlenholm, Mr. Bofcaw Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Ward, Mr. , Mr. Wind-for, Sir John Guise, Mr. , Sir Hen. Banbury, Mr. Greenvill, Mr. ScoMr. Manley, Mr. Roberts, Sir Nich. Morrice, Mr. Cary, Mr. Mr. Arrundell, 'Mr. MountJleVens, Mr. HMr. Bulteel, Mr. Mr. Leigh, Mr. Forjler, Sir Hales; and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Suffix, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Swpply Bill; . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Land Tax. for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, without any Amendment.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Mompcjfon have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, for recovery of his Health.

Privilege. a Complaint being made to the House, that several Persons, viz.Tho. Pckpins, Esquire, Captain

Manjell, William Wilfvn, Serjeant, John Jones, Corporal

of the Company of the said Captain Manjell, Wat-kin Reynold, Howell Thomas, William John, and David, have pressed, imprisoned, and detained Griffith Evans, William Blower, and Edward John, Servants of Sir Humphrey Mackworth (a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

- Ordaed, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Walter Williams, David Praulfe, William Broadber, and David

Jenkin, of Neath, had assaulted and beaten Thomas Hawkins, chief Servant of Sir Humphry Mackworth (a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege of th is House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the Laid Complaint, and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Stephen Howard and Tho. Williams have arrested, and beaten, Meredith Griffith, a Servant of Sir Humphry Mackworth,

(a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege of this House j

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Leave of Abie rice.

Prey's

Elute*.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervois have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Christopher Pegg, of Beauclifje, in the County of Derby, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being seised of the Manors cf Btaucliffe, and Dore,

and of divers Lands and Tenements therein, and in Strawberry Lee, in the said County, hath contracted fe-v.eral Debts which affect the fam:, and which he cannot pay, without felling some Part thereof: That by rear ion of some Settlements, by him made, the same cannot be sold for so good a Price, as if freed from 'the Settlements; and it will be for the Benefit of the Petitioner, and, his Family, to fell some Part of the said Vol. 15.

Estates, fof discharging the Debts thereon, and raisin ' a Portion for his Daughter Ann, and making fom#

Provision for his Wife Lettice, in lieu of the Premises, so to be sold, us are settled upon her, for her Life: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the said Manors, and Lands,'in Trustees, to be sold, and settled for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mri JeJfop and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the , "

Bill. . ..»

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of " eans* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A

And a Message was brought from her Majesty by Mr. Royal Assent AJion, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod: "t0 "

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following j viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706:

An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute, made in the Third and Fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland:

ArrAft for the Naturalization of the most excellent,

Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchels Dowager of Hanover, and the I Hue of her Body:

And also to the several private Bills following j An Act for Sale of the Estate, late of Tho. Chute,

Esquire, in the County of Warwick, and laying out the Money, arising the reby, in th? Pure.hase of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Warwickshire Estate (lands settled:

An Act for naturalizing Wm. Burnett, Esquire:

An Act for naturalizing Peter , Doctor of

Phjtficki....

And that afterwards her Majesty had been pleased to Queen'* make a mqft: gracious Speech to both Houses which he Speech, had obtained a Copy of: Which he read to the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Unanimity of your Proceedings in this Parliament has already had so good an Effect all over Europe, that I cannot but take notice of it to you with great Satisfaction.

The good Disposition you have shewn, in doing your Part so fully towards an Union with Scotland, is also very acceptable to me j and I hope, it will prove for the Advantage and Quiet of both Kingdoms.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I mud not omit to take this Occasion of returning you my hearty Thanks for the great Pifpatch of this seasonable Supply, which you have given me. I look upon it as a lure Pledge, that the same Zeal and Affection for my Service, and the Good of the Kingdom, will carry you through -all the necessary Parts of the publick Business in this Session.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In case you now think of some Recess, as is usual a this Sealbn, I make no doubt, you will afterwards return with the same good Disposition to give all possible Dif-;

patch to the publick Affairs still depending, and bring jhis. Session of parliament to a happy Conclusion.

.Address on

Queen's

Speech.

Ways and Means.

Leftwithieli

Election.

Huntington

Borough

Election.

Adjournment.

Lord

Colerane's

Estate

ftaldwyn's

fixate.

7 6 a i° Decembris. — 70 Januarii. A. 1705.

Resolved, Nemine centradicente', That an humble

Address be presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House for her most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; and to allure her Majesty, that this House will give all possible Dispatch to the publick Business before them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, that they had fat, and made feme Progreft in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to ,the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that, if they cannot go through the Cause, touching the Election for the Borough of Leftwithiell, this Afternoon, they do lit Tomorrow

Morning, at Ten a Clock, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Cause, touching the Election for the Borough of Huntington, be put off from the Seventh of January to this Day three Weeks; and that the rest of the Causes before the Committee be heard in course afterwards.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth;

' Tcltofor.hcYeas.pr.^ } 8?.

TcUeRfo,«h.N - }u.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do adjourn till Monday come-forthight, the Seventh of January next. Nine a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, the Seventh Day of January, Nine of the Clock in the Morning, accordingly.

Lunes, 70 die Januarii;

Anno 4* Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Praters.

AP ETITIO N of Henry Lord Colerane was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that pur-liiant to certain Marriage Articles, the Petitioner, several Years (ince, intended to make a Settlement of his Estate in fVilts and Norfolk, and suffered two Recoveries, and executed a Deed, leading the Uses thereof; but for want of the due Enrollment of a Deed, for making a perfect Tenant to the Precipe, the said Settlements are of none Effect, nor can the Petitioner fell his Estate in Wilts, according to the Power reserved him by the

intended Settlements, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to fell his Estate in the County of Wilts, according to the Intent of the said intended Settlement, and to supply the want of a Deed enrolled, as to the rest of his Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir James Mountague do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

late of Ashwell, in the County of Hertford, Gentleman, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Ralph Baldwyn, deceased, did by his Will, in 1693, devise, that, his Executrix should, within three Months after his Death, pay to Trustees £. 1,950 to be laid out in a Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Use of the Petitioners Susan, William, and'

Penelope; and that so much of his Legacies, as his personal Estate should fall short to pay, should be raised out of the yearly Profits of divers Lands, of 490 per Annum, which he gave the Petitioner Ralph: That Ralph is since married, and has a Child, and like to have many more; and the Lands, given him, are charged with Annuities and Taxes, amounting to 210 per.

Annum; and the personal Estate will not pay the said £. 1,950 and the Residue being to be raised by the yearly Profits of the Lands, it cannot be raised till a very remote distance of Time, if ever: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling Part of the Estate of the said Ralph Baldwyn in Trustees, in lieu of the said £. 1,950 given to his laid younger Children, to the same Uses, as the Lands, to be purchased therewith, aredirested to be conveyed by the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the s«<ttey^ House, a Bill for veiling the Estate, late of Sir Charles Efim* Sedley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Charles Sedley, and for compounding his Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies in a Purchase, to be settled according to the Limitations of the Will of the said Sir , and for allowing a competent Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the younger Children of George,

Esquire; and the same was received.

A Petition of Christian Vaughan, Widow, Relict of Vaughan* John Vaughan, late of Tret her wen, in the County of Euau*. Montgomery, Esquire, deceased, and of Arthur Vaughan, an Infant under the Age of Three Years, by the said Christian, his Mother and Guardian, and also of Edward Vaughan, Gentleman, Brother of the said John Vaughan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Vaughan, upon his Marriage with the Petitioner Christian, settled divers of his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, subject to a Jointure, and Entail upon his Issue Male,

Remainder to himself in Fee; and the said Arthur is his only Issue: That the said entailed Estate is liable to several Incumbrances, prior to the said Settlement, of near the Value of the defeended Estate, which cannot be satisfied, by reason of the Nonage of the said Infant; whereby he, and his Mother, are like to be dellitute of all Support, and the whole Estate swallowed up by the said Debts, and growing Interest, unless relieved by Parliament, although the said Edward Vaughan, the next Heir Presumptive, is consenting, the said Estate should be fold, to satisfy the said Debts: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such Debts, and Incumbrances, to which the same is liable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Mompejj'on and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Doctor Rennet, Archdeacon of Hunting- Dr. Rennet ton, be desired to preach before this House at St. Mar- t"t^irelaJ:i|* °* garet's, Westminster, upon the Thirtieth of January 30 an* instant; and that Sir Tho. Littleton, and Mr. King, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Ralph Baldwyn, Gentleman, eldest Son, and Heir, and William Baldwyn, Susan Baldwyn, and Penelope Baldwyn, younger Children, of Ralph Baldwyn, 18

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Packington, Partoo, Sir Robert Dovers. Sir Rich. How, Mr. King, Mr. Usvbow. Bromley, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Southw Lord Powlett,

Mr.

J

4 Ann.

Mr. Manley, Mr. Worst, Mr. Mansion, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Jessop, Sir John Mor Mr. Burlace, and all the Merchants of the House, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Tho. Esquire, and others,

is referred.

Sorocold's A Bill for Sale of an Advowson in Suffix, late the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow, and Child, was read the First time.

Rtfohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Horsley'* A Bill for Sale of Newham, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the Estate of John Horsley, and Jane his Wife, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

t>nke rf Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, for his great Services performed to her Majesty, and the Nation, in the last Campaign, and for his prudent Negotiations with her Majesty's Allies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to attend his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and give him the Slid Thanks of this House;

And it is referred to the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Rich. , Lord Powlett, Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen.Colt, Mr. Brigadier

Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Mr. St.

Mr. Stanhope, Lord Marquis of Granby, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Compton, to give him the said Thanks.

77

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees,

Ordered, That Mr. Chambers, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Char. Irish Armre. Turner, Mr. Ward, Mr. Walpole, Mr. King, Mr. Eyres, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Venner was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mar its, 8° die Ja j

Anno 4* Anne Regins, 1705.

Praters.

A BILL for veiling the Estate, late of Sir Charles gedley's Sedley, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, for Payment ElUte. of the Debts of the said Sir Cha. Sedley, and for compounding his Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies in a Purchase, to be settled according to the Limitations of the Will of the said Sir Charles, and for allowing a compettnt Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the younger Children of George Sedley, Esquire, was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

70 — 8° Januarti.

Antwer to Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Addrefc. Address having been presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House for her most

fracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of 'arliament, the 21st Day of December last; and alluring her Majesty, that this House will give all possible Disc patch to the publick Business before them; her Majesty received the same very graciously, and was pleased to return her Thanks for the said Afifuranees.

Cloth A Bill to permit the making up of Cloaths with

Buttons tried Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for clothing the Army fcr Army. Qf the Allies, notwithstanding the Adfc against Cloth Buttons, was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir. Robert Eden, Mr. Squire, Mr. Stanhope, Lord fVm. , Mr. Lowndes,

Nix. Chafe, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. King, Sir Fra. Majfam, Sir Mr. Ward,

Sir Hen. Embury, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Maifiers, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Lee, Mr. S hackerly; and

aH the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Parties concerned do produce the Contracts in the Bill mentioned, before the said Committee.

Ways The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a d Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was

Vo l. 15.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Turner Lord Marquis of Parfam Granby, Mr. Monson, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Mr. Colchester, Harbour.

Mr. Etttrick, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fqfter, Sir Wm. AshwrJl, Lord Powlet, Lord Windsor, Sir Jof.

Jekill, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Crags, Mr. Woollqfton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Tho. Fletcher, Esquire, and others, is referred.

Mr. Aijlaby reported from the Committee, to whom Ease of the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Sherifl*. Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second tiiqe one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Fo. 5. L. 1. by inferring, after " England," these Words, " for the County Palatine of before

" the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice,

" and the other justice of Chester, or any of them; for " the County Palatine of Lancaster, before the Chancellor " of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Justices of Assize of the said County of Lancaster, or any of them."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Address to her Whitfasd Majesty, relating toWhitfandHuy, and Por-de-uacPoint, be BayHarhoer, taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next. c*

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Vaughan have Leave to Leav*rOf go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) presented to the Uniting House, a Bi)l for the more Iree and impartial Proceedings

Privilege,

DukeofMarl-boroughs an-iwer to Vote of Thanks,

Lurgeshall, &c. Elections.

Caine

Election.

Leicester

Borough

Eie&ion.

Privilege — Suit against a Member,

Ways and Means.

8° — 90 Januarii. 1705.

in Parliament, by preventing too great a Number of Officers fitting in Parliament; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Matters of the several Complaints of Breaches of Privilege against Sir Humphry worth, a Member of this Hofue, which are appointed by the Committee of Privileges and Elections to be heard upon Friday Seven-night, be put off until , the First Day of February next.

Ordered That Griffith Evan, William Blower, and Edward John, do attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, when the Matters of the Complaints of Breaches of Privilege against Sir Humphry Mackworth are ordered to be heard.

A Complaint being made to the House, that the said William Blower is kept under Confinement, and secreted, so that Access cannot be had to him, and that Matthew Radborn, and his Wife, can give an Account thereof;

Ordered, That the said Matthew Radborn, and his Wife, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Walpole reported, that the Committee, appointed to give his Grace the Duke of Marlborough the Thanks of this House, for his great Services performed to her Majesty, and the Nation, in the last Campaign, and for his prudent Negotiations with her Majesty's Allies, had given his Grace the Thanks of this House accordingly; and that his Grace thereupon laid,

I am so sensible of the great Honour, that is done me by this Message, that I cannot have the least Concern at the Reflections of any private Malice, while I have the Satisfaction of finding my faithful Endeavours to serve the Queen, and the Kingdom, so favourably accepted by the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Lurgeshall, Montg, East , and

Lejlwithiell, be made upon 'thursday come-seven-night.

Ordered, That the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Caine, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Monday next come Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Leicester, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Wednesday come-seven-night; and so the other Causes in course successively.

Ordered, That the Petition, relating to Sir Henry Jahnfut, be read upon Tuesday Morning next; and that he do then attend in his Place.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole

House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Tax be laid upon all Grants o5f Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pensions, made since the sixth Day of February, One thousand Six hundred Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Tax be a fifth Part of the Value of the Graot at the time of the Grant made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, and continued by several subsequent Acts, till the 24th of June, \ 706, be further continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1706, until the 24th of June, 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Duty be laid upon all Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of tb* until Thursday come-seven-night. 1Joufo*

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the Regulating nightly Watch, be read uponTkurfday Morning next. ^atlchf

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurti, 90 die Januarii;

Anno 4® Ann* Reginas, 1705.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary AL, IwKe» Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Captain Luke Spicer, and Eliz. his Wife Hicks Eflaie. (who was the Daughter, and foie Executrix, of Eliz.

Hicks, Widow, lately deceased) in behalf of themselves, and Ralph de Lalo Spicer, an Infant, their only Son,

Elizabeth, Susanna, Mary, Hannah, Kohirah, and,

Spicer, their fix Daughters, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the said Hicks, by divers good Conveyances, and her last Will, did settle and devise several Messuages and Tenements, in and near Portsmouth, to the Use of the Petitioners, and their Children, chargeable with a Debt of 2 50/. and Interest:

That it will be an Advantage to the Petitioners to have the said Estate fold, for Payment of the said Debt, and settling the Residue pursuant to the Uses of the said Deeds and Will, the House being ancient, and decaying; but a good Title cannot be made to Purchasers,-by irafon of the Nonage of the Petitioners Children:

And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate, for Payment of the said Debt, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Tko. Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, hifh Arn>y to whom the Bill to authorize and impower the late Pay- Arrears, master-general of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Colonel Samuel Vimner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospitals for the lick and wounded in Ireland, for the Sum of 1,09) /. is. was committed; that they' had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed unto, and the rest (with an Amendment to one of them; agreed unto, by the House; ai d another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, Knight, and Doctor At my DeotB Gumming, Physician9, Tho. Proby, Matter Surgeon, on 17 the

4 Anni. 90 Januarit. 79

the behalf of themselves, and of Doctor Phy*

ficun, John Purvis, William Wm. Hamilton,

John Otty, Peter RofcoeChirurgeons, Chet wood.

Matter Apothecary, Charles Chambers, Apothecary, Richard Dobbs, Chirurgeon's Mate, and Nathaniel Boyce, , Clerk, employed in the fixed and moving Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded, during the late War in was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon dating the Petitioners Accounts by Corrimife lioners, appointed by the late King and Queen

Mary, they certified the Petitioners Arrears, for their said Services, to amount to 1,823 /. 1 2 d. That the lad

Session of Parliament the Petitioners petitioned the House of Commons for those Arrears; which being referred to a Committee, they reported, that the Petitioners had fully proved the Allegations of their Petition; but the Session being then near to an end, there was nothing more done for the- Petitioned Relief: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Pay made r-general of her Majesty's Forces to iflfue out Debentures to the Petitioners, for their said Arrears, or that they may have other Relief for the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Vetmer was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Parton A Petition of Sir John Lowther. Baronet, on behalf of

Harbour, himself, and of the Inhabitants of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Petition presented to the House by Tho. Fletcher, Esquire, and others, for Leave to bring in a Bill for* laying a Duty upon Coals, lor enlarging the Harbour of Parton-, such a Bill will be injurious to the Petitioner's Property, because he holds the Ground from the Crown, whereon the Enlargement is proposed to be made, it will prejudice the Coal Trade, and lessen the Value of the Houses at Whitehaven (which is within a Mile of Parton) where the Petitioner, and his Ancedors have, at their foie Charges, made a considerable Harbour, which already is better, than can be

made, and is most capable and proper for further Improvement, if the Trade and Shipping of the Country should increase, to which the Petitioner is ready to aflid, in the most effectual Manner: And praying, that a Bill of so extraordinary a Nature, as is prayed on the behalf of Parton, may not be brought into the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said former Petition was referred; and that Counsel be heard upon both the said Petitions upon Friday next, to which the Committee (as the House was informed) is adjourned; and that the Committee do report their Opinion upon the Matter of the said Petitions.

jtifley's, tcc, A Petition of Paul, Frances, and Katherine, Rijky, only Son, and Daughters, of Captain Henry Rijley, late of Chitwood, in the County of Bucks, deceased, and Elizabeth, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were born in Holland, are Protedants, and have given good Tedimony thereof: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bid, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Gery do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Wvnne'» Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the Bill for veiling the capital Messuage, and other Lands and Tenements, of Foulk Wynne, in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynn, his Son, in Trudtes, to the Intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled, pursuant to Marriage Articles, was committed that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme

Vol. 1.5.

Amendments to the Bill, Which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered ih at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingtofled.

Sir Robert Doversreported from the Committee, t& Edition#

whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Affittaftts, kight-hou e* of the Corporation of Trtnity-koujt of Deptford St fond, relating to the Edifione Rock, was referred; that, the Allegations of the Petition being fully proved, the Committee had come to several Resoluticms, Which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Light-house on the Edystone Rock, mentioned in the Petition, was, during the Handing thereof, of publick Use and Benefit to this Kingdom, a Means to preserve her Majesty's Ships of War, and the Shipping,

Live*, and Estates, of her Subjects, and for the Good of Navigation in general.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, since the said Light-house was destroyed, her Majesty's Ships of War, and also those of her Subjects, passing by the said Rock, have been, and still are, exposed to great Dangers and Hazards, and several of them, not yet heard of, have, in all probability, been loft thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the speedy rebuilding the said Light-house is absolutely necessary, for avoiding the Dangers attending the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee',

That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayfer of the said Petition; and that Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Colonel Churchill, and

Sir Cloudejly Shovell, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr Annejley (according to Order) presented to the' New Port# House, a Bill for making the Town of New Rojfe, in the Wo°lPort* County of Wexfoid, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port

for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom; and the same was received.

A Bill for veiling the Estate, late of Richard Bold,

Esquire, in TrulleeS, to be leased. Ibid. or mortgaged, ate* for raising the Portions-, Debts, and Monies, to which the same is liable, was read- a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay,

Sir Hen. Du ft on Colt, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. LtMtphtgh, Mr.

Whitmore, Mr. Thernhagh, Mr. SMr. Mr. Worstey, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Johnforti

Mr. Sharp, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Freke, Mr. England, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Mr. Mtyrick, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Ward; and all, that fervd for the Counties of Latnedjler, Cftefiet, York, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five ar Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for restoring to the Archbishoprick Of Dublin Arch-the Town and Lands of Seatown, and repaying tO William, bifhojn ick Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the Money he paid for the feme, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale la of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a' Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South- ‘ well, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Stoke. Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Worjley, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Ma/fam, Mr. Maifitfs, Mr. Annejley, Mr. JfffoPf Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Ashutjf, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Johnson,

8o

9° — i o° Januarii.

A, 1705,

Johnson, Major-General Erie, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Cox, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Grahmt, Mr. Musgrave: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

"Importing A Bill to impower Thomas Cary, and . Hatley, of certain London, to i m port the Remainder of a Quant ity of French - Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the First Day of January, 1704, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir V/m. Strickland, Sir Robert , Mr. Nicholas, Sir Hen.

Colt, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir Wm. Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Barker, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Kay, Sir Fra. Majfam, Sir John Cotton, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cholmlty, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Cox, Mr. Foley, Mr. Heme, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Sir John

Parsons; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

New Rosse A Bill for making the Town of New in the Wool Port. County of Wexford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for exporting Wool from belaud into this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

pegg's Mr. JeJJop (according to Order) presented to the Estate. House, a Bill for Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and in Hatherfedge, and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Estate of Christopher Pegg, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor, and Estate, of and in Beaucliffe, and Strawberry Lee, in the same County, for railing Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family; and the same was received.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Malt Duties. House, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mura, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706 j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege.

The House being informed, that Matthew

and his Wife, attended, according to the Order of Yesterday, in relation to the keeping a

Servant of Sir Humphry (a Member of this

House) under Confinement;

The said Matthew Radborn, and his Wife, were called in, and severally examined; and then withdrew.

The House being informed, that on also

attended, in relation to that Matter,

He was called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

It appearing to this House, that William Blower, a Servant to Sir Humphry Mackworth (a Member of this House) is under an illegal Confinement, in the Custody of a Corporal and Serjeant, belonging to the Company of Captain Manfell, in the Regiment of Colonel Soames;

Ordered, That the said William Blower be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of impressing, imprisoning, and detaining, of William Blower, a Servant of Sir Humphry Mackworth (a Member of this House) be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday come ThreeWeeks.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and leave for Sir Richard Halford:

Members Mr. Speaker,

than. ' The Lords desire this House, that Sir Cloudefly Shovell, Mr. Churchill, Sir Geo. Bing, Sir John Jennings, and Sir Stafford Fairborn, Members of this House, may have Leave to attend the Lords Committees, appointed to consider of proper Methods for the more easy and effectual manning of the Fleet of England.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave given. Resolved, That this House doth agree to give Leave to the said Sir Cloudejl) Shovell Mr. Churchill, Sir George

Bing, Sir John Jennings,s.nA Sir Staffed Fairborn, to attend, as the Lords do desire, if they think fit.

And the Messengers were called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way? next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1 o° dieJanuarii;

Anno 4* Anna? Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

A PETITION of many Watermen, and Lightermen, Regulating living cither between Vauxhall and Windsor, or Thames Limehouse and Gravesend, on behalf of themselves, and Watermen, all other Watermen, and Lightermen, and their Widows, living either below Limehouse, or above Vauxhall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, relating to Watermen, and Lightermen, Ferries are allowed on Sundays, to carry Passengers cross the Thames, at a Penny a-piece, between and Vaux-

hall, the Profits to be applied to the Relief of all maimed and decayed Watermen, at\d their Widows: That the Parish of Lambeth have petitioned, that the Money, arising by their Ferry, may be applied to the poor Watermen within their Parish; and the Petitioners are informed, the other Parishes, between hall, are, by their Petitions, endeavouring to do the like; by which means the Watermen, and their Widows, living below Limehouse, or above Vauxhall, will be deprived of their respective Proportions of the Profits arising by the said Act: And praying, that the House will compassion-atcly consider the Petitioners Cafe, and not deprive them of the Benefit of the said Act.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Petition be'referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, is committed.

A Petition of William Lambard, senior, Esquire, and LambanT* Eliz.his Wife, Thomas Lambard, the elder, Son of the Ltiata. laid William, and Mary his Wife, on behalf of themselves, and of William, Thomas, and Mary (Sons and Daughter

of the said Thomas, by the said Mary) Infants, was pre- . fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Marriage of the Petitioners Tho. and Mary, Wm. the Father, in 1694 ( Mary being then a Minor) settled, in Trust, divers Lands and Tenements, in Kent, upon the Petitioners, and the Issue of that Marriage, with divers other Remainders; and thereby it was agreed, that, when Mary came of Age, {he and her Husband should convey all the Lands, deviled by her Father, Sir John Beale, to her, and her Heirs, to the said Tho. and Mary, for their Lives, Remainder to the Sons and Daughters of that Marriage; with a Proviso, that, if these Premises were not so settled, then the Jointure aforesaid to Mary to be void, upon tender of one Shilling: That, after Mary came of Age, such Deed of Settlement was executed, and a Fine and Recovery passed; but, by reafoa of the said Proviso, certain Doubts may arise hereafter, concerning the Determination of the said iV/ary's Jointure, and the Operations of the said Fine and Recovery, and Deeds leading the Uses: Therefore, to prevent such Doubts, and there being no Provision made for younger Children, the Parties concerned have agreed, that Part of the Lands, deviled to Mary, shall be settled on her Husband, and his Heirs, and that, in lieu thereof, other Lands, of better Value, shall be settled to the same L'fes;

but

4 Ann. 10° Januarii.

but that the same cannot be effected, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to vest the said Premises in Trustees, for the more effectual settling the fame, pursuant to the said Marriage Settlement, and Agreement, and for the better Provision of younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.5ra*wand Mr. Yoke do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

ted; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill* which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stewart's, he. regimental Arreurs.

Army

Debentures.

Forbes'

Ltuie.

Army D$bt.

A Bill for the paying and clearing the Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel Hill, A Bill for veiling the Estates of Christopher Reve, the Reve'* and Brigadier Holt, was read a Second time. elder, Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher Clerk, Estate-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jo/. Tre- his onty Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold, denham, Mr. Coatfworth, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Moor, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mason, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Ro/les, Mr. for making some Provision for the Widow of

Hummer, Mr. Bor lace. Brigadier Stanhope, Mr. Clark, the said Christopher Reve, the Son, and for Christopher, his Mr. Moyle, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Coke, Sir Jo/. Jekyll, only Child, an Infant, was read a Second time.

Mr. Ajgill, Sir Tho. Webjler, Sir Robert Eden, Brigadier Ref That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cadogan, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Barker, Mr. Skippon, Sir Davers, Sir Fra. MaJ/am, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Fra. MaJ/am: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at ^r- Brewer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mr.

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Mr- Aylmer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Wooilaston, Mr

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. drefe, s*r Robert Cotlon> Sir Gervas EJwes> Mr- Toke>

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Topham, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Chafe, Mr.

A Petition of Colonel William Carvill, of Brigadier Farrer, Mr- Mr. Moor; and all, that serve for the

Stanhope's Regiment, was presented to the House, and Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Kent: And they are to

read; setting forth, that the Petitioner being authorized mee* this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s

to receive the Debentures, for Arrears of Pay due to the Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

non-commissioned Officers, and private Men, of the said and Records.

Regiment, did receive of the Earl of Ranelagh, in De- A Petition of the Mercers, Lacemen, Woollen-dra- publick

bentures, £,1,187. 4'- 9 d.and gave Security, and paid pers. Milliners, and other Traders, in the City and Mourningt.

/. 1,050. 18 s.5! d. pursuant to the Directions of an Act Liberty of on behalf of themselves, and many

ol the first of the Queen: That the Petitioner is now thousands depending on them, &c. was presented to the

upon stating his Accounts with the Lord Ranelagh, for House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners

the fud Debentures, and he requires Acquittances for being obliged to provide great Quantities of Goods in

all the Petitioner's Payments, which he has not to pro- their several Trades, many Months before the Time of

duce, by reason he loft all his Effects, and Papers, when Sale, are so discouraged by the repeated publick Mourn-

he, and the Regiment, were taken Prisoners in Portelegre; jngSj an{j have already sustained such Loss thereby, as does

but he is ready to give in his Account upon Oath, and to render them incapable to continue their several Trades,

pay the remaining £. 136. 6 s. 2} d. in his Hands, for the to the Ruin of themselves, and their Dependents: And

Use of the Publick: And praying, that a Clause may be praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

added to the Bill for paying and clearing the Regiments, regulating such publick Mournings for foreign Princes,

commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel as to point of Time, or to afford such other Relief, as the

Hill, and Brigadier Holt, to allow the Petitioner the said House shall think fit.

Sum of £.1,050. 1 Sr. ${d. on his Account upon Oath, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition out of the said £.1,187. 4* 8^. by him received, and be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine paid, as aforesaid; and that he may pay back the £.136., the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opi-6 s. 2 id. remaining uniflued, for the Use of the Publick. nJon therein, to the House;

Ordered, lhat the Consideration of the said Petition And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Sir Richard Onjltnv, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. PitJielJ, committed; and that they do examine the Matter Mr. Skippon, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Ro/les, Lord thereof, and, if they fee Cause, receive a Clause for the mn.Powlett. Sir John Guise, Mr. MonElon, Lord Conings-

Petitioner's Relief. by, Mr. Booth, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Bromley, Sir

Fra. Child, Mr. Wyld, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr.

Mr. Worjley reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Fork, Sir Nick. , Sir Fra. MaJ/am, Mr.

the Bill for Sale of the Manor of Berwick-kall, and Pagett, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Pole, Mr. Butler, Sir tVm. other Lands there, in the County of ED'ex, the Estate of Ashurst, Mr. Lee, Mr. Pelham, Sir Edward Lawrence:

William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing other Lands, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Persons, Papers, and Records.

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had A Petition of the Merchants, trading into Turkey, and Ditt*. given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Italy, has presented to the House, and read; setting Committee j and that the Committee had made some forth, that the Petitioners have, during the War, annu-Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him ally exported great Quantities of the Woollen Manu-to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and fastures, and other Products, of this Kingdom, and fuf-afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the tained many Losses by Captures of the Enemy: That same were once read throughout, and then a Second time the Product of the said Exports is Silk, which hath for-one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there- merly given Employment to many Trades, and is reduced upon, agreed unto by the House. to a lower Degree, than has been known heretofore, info-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be much, that what has escaped the Enemy, does not only ingrossed. produce great Loss to the Merchant, but is in effect be-

come useless, to the great Discouragement of all Degrees Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom of Men concerned in it: That the Petitioners are of opi-the Bill, to impower the Paymaster-general of her Ma- nion, the long and frequent Mournings, so generally fol-jesty's Forces, to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, lowed, has greatly contributed to the present Calamity: unto Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Henry Corntfh, And praying the House to apply such Remedy, as may Esquire, for the Sum of £. 1,482. 12 s.8 d.was commit- prevent the like Decay of Trade for the future.

Vox.. 15. X Ordered,

Publick

Mournings.

Clandestine Trade with Turkey.

Salmon

Preservation.

A bi niton's dilate.

C«lcheftfr

Jiledion.

2 i o° JanuariL . 1705.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion tiierein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mercers, Silkmen, Lacemen, Milliners, and other Traders, of the City of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners labour under insupportable Misfortunes by the long and frequent publick Mournings for foreign Princes, not being able to fell their Goods, nor employ the many Thousands of Poor, who have always had their -Dependence on them: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Levant Trade has been of great Advantage to this Nation: That in the Act of Navigation, made 1 a Car. there is a Clause, which permits the Importation of any Commodity from the Straits, or Levant Seas, to be laden from the usual Ports of lading the re, though the Commodities be not of the Growth of those Places; by virtue of which Clause, Leghorn is now become a Mart for Turky Goods, and our Tu Goods, taken as Prize by the French, and those of French Importation from 4fta, are fold there, and fraudulently brought into England by Jews, and others, not only for their own, but

(as is conceived) for French Account likewise, to the great Encouragement of their Woollen Manufactures, y felling the Proceed thereof, when good Markets offer here, and consequeotly to the Discouragement ofour own, and, if not timely prevented, to the Ruin of the Levant Trade: And praying such Relief therein, as the House shall think proper.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come-seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers of this Kingdom; and that the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Durnmer, Mr. Morgan, and Sir William Bowes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Eliz. Abington, Widow, on behalf of her Seven Children, to whom she is Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Abington, deceased, did grant two Terms, of 40 Years, of his Manors of Overcompton and Bremb/ey, and other Lands in Dorsetshire, unto Trustees, by the Rents, or by Sale, to raise £. 300 a-piece to his younger Children, to be to the Sons at 21, and Daughters at 21, or Marriage, with Interest, at £.5 per Cent, till Payment: That the Trust Premises, confiding in Manors, do not annually produce a certain Income, to pay the said Interest: That, if the Trustees had a Power to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases (which they have not by the said Settlement) according to the Usage of the said Manors, the Portions might be raised, by the Time they may become payable, with lets Damage to the Heir at Law, than by Sale of the said Terms: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Usage in the said Manors, and to place the Money out on Securities, for the Benefit of the said Children, against the Time, that their Portions shall become payable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Roll, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir 77/o. Cook, Knight, was presented to the Hot so, and read; setting forth, that upon the Death of Edward Bullock, Esquire, die Petitioner flood a Can-

dictate at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Colchester; but by the indirect Practices of John Baynham, the Mayor there, in mak-

ing great Numbers of Freemen after the Vacancy, and Teste of the Writ,'though they had no Right to Freedom* and admitting them, and others, to poll, who had no Right, and refilling to make free, or poll, many, who would have voted for the Petitioner, and had a Right to be made free, and by other indirect Practices of the Mayor, and the Agents of Sir he, the said

Sir 7/40.is returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Great, Stephen Kinfum, John Raymer, Richard Daniel, John Hoyt, and John Boggis, on behalf of themselves, and other free Burgesses of the Town of Colchester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that upon the Death of Edward Bullock, Sir 77/o. Cooke, and Sir T/to. Webster flood Candidates at the Election of a Burgess to lerve in this Parliament for the said Borough: 1'hat John , the

Mayor, after the Vacancy, to the very Day of the Election, in a most unusual Manner, in Alehouses, Taverns, and private Places (and not in the Town-hall, as customary) did make above a Hundred Freemen for Sir 77/o. Webster, who had no Right, being Foreigners,

Alms-mcn, or Minors; and, being asked, if he intended to poll such Persons, he answered, That was, as he should have Occasion; and they were polled for Sir 77/o. fter; and yet the Mayor refilled to make several free, who demanded it, and had a Right, by Birth, or Service, because he understood, they intended to vote for Sir 77/o. Cook, who was duly chosen by a great Majority of legal Electors; but the Mayor hath unduly returned Sir TJio. Webster, in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: And praying an Examination of the Premises, and Relief accordingly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read,'for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line:

And a Motion being made, and the Quefliotl being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Y}'#

Tellers for the Noes|^;,) 74.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the fiud Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee,

that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report upon the Address to her Majesty, relating to Whilfand Bay, and Po>nt, be taken into Consideration upon.7 Morning

next.

Ordered,

Colchester

Election.

Security of Queen's Person, and Protestant Succession.

Wliitfand Buy Harbour, & c.

4 Ann. 10° — n°J

Limiting Ordered, That the Bill for the more free and impartial m Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a ° e* Number of Officers fitting in Parliament, be read Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Irish Arrears. Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Mr.

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred.

Barry's Ordered, That Mr. lVMr. Bertie, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Eltute' Ward, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Herbert, Sir. Hen. Colt, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Moor, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling and securing Part of the Estate of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Ann his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Ann, and her Children, and Sale of other Part, for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

AfgiU's Ordered, That Mr. Annejley, Sir Wm. AshuJl, Mr.

?oke, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Brewer, Mr. futures. Mr. Walpole, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Owen, Mr. Roll, Mr.

Windsor, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Owen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of John Afgill, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.-

Veneris, 11* Januarii;

Anno 4® Annae Reginae, 170J.

Prayers.

Bifley's, Ti/fR. Gery (according to Order) presented to the

JlVX House, a Bill for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and

Katherine, Rijley; and the same was received.

Lombard's Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the s Estate. pjoufe) a Bm for the more effectual alluring of Part of the Lands and Inheritance of William and S Lombard, in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for alluring (in lieu of other Part thereof) other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children j and the same was received.

Gower's A Petition of Dorothy Gower, Widow and Relitt of Estate. Thomas Gower, on the behalf of herself, and her two Daughters, who are Infants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Tho. Gower, upon his Marriage with the Petitioner Dorothy, did, in 1695, settle all his Freehold Lands in Edmonton upon his Wife, for her Jointure, Remainder to their Heirs; and covenanted to surrender his Copyhold Lands, freed from Incumbrances, to the said Uses: That the said Tho. is dead Intestate, without a Surrender of the Copyhold Estate, which he had mortgaged for £. 350, as also the said Freehold Lands, for the like Sum, at £. 6 per Cent. Interest, and prevailed with the Petitioner Dorothy to mortgage Part of her own Estate in Suffolk for £. 350. That his personal Estate is not sufficient to pay his Debt, and his whole real Estate i3 but £.77 per Annum, £. 38 whereof is an old decayed House, of ten Rooms on a Floor, let out in several Dwellings, and the best part of the real Copyhold, and the whole Premises are lb clogged with the said Mortgages, and Jointure, that no Benefit, can come to the said Infants, and Coheirs, during their Mother's Life: That Ihe is willing to relinquish her Jointure, so that her own Estate may be discharged of the fe‘d I- 350. That £. 1,400 is offered for a Purchase of the Premises, if a Title could be made; which, by reason of the Daughters Infancy, cannot be done, without the Aid of Parliament, though it is for their Benefit: Add praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Safe of the Freehold and Copyhold Estate of the said Thomas Gozver, and that the Money arising the reby, may be applied to discharge the Incumbrances thereupon, and Vpu 15.

Vanuarii. 83

upon the Estate of the said Dorothy, and that the Remainder may be laid out for the Benefit of the said Infants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Barker do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Colonel Whitchcott (according to Order) presented Stanhope's to the House, a Bill for the Sale of Lands in the County Estate. of Lincoln, late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and the same was received.

A Bill for Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and Pegge'* in Hatherjedge and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Eftat*. Estate of Christopher Pegge, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor, and Estate, of and in Beauchetff, and StrazvberryLee, in the same County, for raising Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees

A Petition of Ralph Dawson, William Done, and John chester Hampton, on the behalf of themselves, and all the Land- Rood*, owners and Inhabitants within the Townships of Handley cum Milton, Chew ley, and Golborne David, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that the great Road between Chester and London, and Chester and Shnwsbury, lies through the said Townships, above Three Miles and a half in Length, and are become lb ruinous, that they are dangerous to Passengers: That the present Laws are not sufficient for amending the same; and the Petitioners find it very difficult to get Tenants for their Lands, by reason of the great Fines laid on the Inhabitants thereof, touching the Repairs of the said Highways: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing such of the said Highways, between Whitchurch and the City of Chester, as lie within the said several Townships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition $ and that Mr. Shackerly and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Benjamin Middleton, Esquire, and Middleton's Charles Middleton, of London, Merchant, was presented Estate. to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner Benjamin, in April, 1704, did make a voluntary Settlement of divers Lands and Tenements upon himself, for Life, with Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail Male, Remainder to the Petitioner Charles, and his Issue, with divers Remainders over, upon several Conditions, to be performed by the Petitioner Charles; which his Circumstances in Trade not permitting him to do, both the Petitioners are fence come to an Agreement, to vacate the said Settlement: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Jessop do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Mu/grave have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, his Lady being veryvill. Absence.

Sir William Ashurst reported from the Committee, to importing whom the Bill to impower Tho. Cary and George certain Hatley of London, to import the Remainder of a Quan- ^ncl* tity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for w, Be*‘ before the first Day of January, 1704, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

Hick*'

Estate.

Litchfield, Rtfiden-tiaries and Prebends.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Ways and Means,

Stewart's, &c.Kegimen-tal Arrears.

Parton

Harbour.

GreenaH's

Estate.

11° — i 2° Januariu 170 5.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable Trustees to fell several Houses, and Lands, in and near Portsmolate the Estate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses j and the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable Robert Gresnall, the younger, to fell an Estate in the Parish of Kings , in the County of Worcester, and purchase another Estate, of as great, or

greater, Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry the Bid to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Batch have Leave to go into the i.eave of Country, his Family being ill. A Me nee.

Mr. Pagittreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a Number of Officers fitting in Parliament was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Jessop, Lieutenant-General lawney. Sir Hen. Gough, Sir IVm. Hufiler, Mr. Greenville, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Gery, Mr. Scobell, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Chafe, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Monbion, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Pinnell, Mr. Mountfievens, Mr. r. Morgan, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Freeman, Mr. fVyld, Mr. , be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for paying and clearing the Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mason, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Vernon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Tho. Fletcher, Esquire, and others, is referred.

And then the/House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatic 120 dJanuarii;

Anno 4* Annx Reginte, 1705.

Pravbrs.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Greenall, the younger, to fell an Estate in the Parish of King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, to purchase another Estate, of as great, or greater. Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Mr. Mompeffon (according to Order) presented to the Vaughan's House, a Bill for veiling the Estate of Arthur Vaughan, Lute, of Tretherwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant in respect thereof, is liable; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cave'* to enable Sir Tho. Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands lut8‘ in the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir IVm. St. Quintin, Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Dormer,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Hen. Bellafys, Mr. Conyers, Lord Mr. Gery,

Mr. King, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hyfl:am, Sir Phil.

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Poky, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Bertie, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Dryden, Sir Tho. Parker, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir Majfam, Mr. Serjeant Birch-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Northampton and LeicefiAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Cope, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, without the Privity of the Petitioner, Sir Thomas Cave, Baroner, hath procured a Bill to pass the House of Lords, and which is now depending in this House, for Sale of certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money for Payment of his Brothers and Sifters Portions:

That Part of the said Lands are called by the Name of the Upper and Nether Crockwclls, to which the Petitioner

is intitled: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel, as to his Title to the said Premises, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the Confide; ation of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel thereupon, before the said Committee.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Regulating Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of St. Olave's, Thames Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the Watermen, House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the nth and 12th Years of the Reign of the late King William the 3d, the Rulers of the Company of Watermen are im powered to appoint Ferries between Vauxhall and Umehouse, for carrying Passengers crols the River Thames on the Lord's Days, the Income whereof to be applied to the Relief of poor decayed Watermen, and Lightermen, and their Widows: That the Families of Watermen and Lightermen in the said Parish are above 300, and are become chargeable thereto, and have no Benefit by the said Act: That the poor Watermen and Lightermen of St.

minster, have the Monies, arising by the said Act within that Parish, towards their Support: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill depending in this House, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River,

for applying the Money, arising from the several Ferries in the Petitioners Parish, to the Relief of their poor

Watermen,

1

Regulating

Thames

Watermen,

&c.

Ease of Sheris

Vicary'i

Estate.

Baldwyn's

£i'tate.

Public Revenues and Debts.

Security of Queen's Person, and P rote ft ant Succession.

4 Ann. 12° — 14° Janiidrir.

Watermen, Lightermen, and their Widows' and Orphans.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Churchwatdens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour's in Southwark, in the County of Surry, on behalf

of themselves, and the poor Watermen, and Lightermen, residing within the Parish, and the Widows and' Orphans of such, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames: That the Number of them, and their Widows and Orphans, are become very great, and burthensome to the said Parish: And praying, that such a competent Allowance may be had out of the Monies, arising by the Sundays Ferries within the said Parish, towards the Maintenance of the said poor Families, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Account^ was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Aiflaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Northmore (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for veiling a Messuage and Tenement in Rockbear, in the County of late the Estate of

John Vic ary, deceased, in Tru flees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts charged thereon, and for Maintenance of his Widow, and Childrenj and the same was received.

The Htfule divided:

The Yeas goes forth:

Tellers for (he Yeas, j «.

Tellers for the Noes. } ‘«4-

S6 it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refoNe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the irigrossed Bill from the Lbrds, intitiiled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

Cirdeked, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Ordered, ThutChefter Nante, Esquire, be at Liberty Mitchell to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall; and that the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Sir Stour

John Mdlfwarth, Mr. ulfgill, Mr. Cclchester, Mr. Clay- Navigation.

ton. Sir Ritbard Onslow, Sir God/ry Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Mr.

Masters, Mr. Bromley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in to the Town of Sudbury, in Suffolk, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Winjlsntey, Sir Bold's Robert Eden, Mr. Clayton, be added to the Committee, Estate. to whom the Bill for yelling the Estate, late of Richard Bold, Esquire, in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raffing the Portions, Debts, and Monies, to which the same is liable, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for veiling Part of the real Estate of Ralph Baldwyn in Trustees, for a Provision for hi!s younger Childrenj and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being readj

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday come-seven-night, take into Consideration the Accounts of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crowrt j and nothing to intervene.

A Motion being made, and the Question being ptat. That it be an Instructionto the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, is committed, to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the better securing, and making effectual, the Act in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty's Reign/intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties'of the Subject j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TdUrs so, the Yeas, H‘kl' } .5.

Tellers for the Noes. } 1 J6'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for explaining, regulating, and altering, the Clause in the Act of the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty's Reign (for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject) relating to'Officers not being Members of the House of Commons ji Vol. 15.

Lunay 140 die Jatiuarii;

Anno 4* Anfio Regin®, 1705.

Prayers.

MR. Shackerley (according to Order) presented to Chester the House, a Bill for repairing the Highways be- Roads* tween Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and the City of Chester j and the same was received.

Mr. Barker (according to Order) presented to the Gower's House, a Bill for veiling the Freehold, as well as Copy- Estate. hold, Estate of Thomas Gower of , in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees,

for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder on his Two Daughters, who are Infants j and the same was received.

A Petition of Nicholas Row, of the Parish of St. Dun- Row's Estate. flan's in the Well, London, Esquire, and Antonia his Wife, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the Petitioner Nicholas did, on his laid Marriage, settle all his Messuages, Lands, and Estate, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, upon himself and Wife* for their Lives, and the Ilfue of their Bodies, with divers other Remainders, and a Power for Nicholas to make Leases for Three Lives, or ai Years, of the greatest

Part of the Premises, and, in case he should outlive his said Wife, to settle any Part, to the Value ico‘ per Annum, upon any Woman he should marry: That the said Premises are so remote from London, where the Petitioners are obliged to reside, that by Taxes, and other Outgoings, the Proceed is not above f. 50 per num j and, if the same could be fold, the Money, anting by Sale, will be of greater Advantage to the Petitioners, for their Lives, and afterwards to their Children: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the Petitioners Estate, in the Counties of Devon

Tubliek

Mourning*

Band's

Estate.

Regulating

Thames

Watermen.

*c.

I40 Januarii. A. 1705.

a-d Cornwall, in Trustees, to be sold, for applying Part of the Purchase-money for the greater Advantage of the Petitioners, for their Lives, and afterwards to the Use of their only Child John, and in default of a Son, of their Issue Female (if any) and the Residue to be applied for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bulteel do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Silk-weavers, and others, of the City of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners being obliged to prepare the Commodities they work upon, many Months before the time of felling them, have been greatly prejudiced by the long and frequent Mournings for foreign Princes, which has not only hindered the prefenc Sale of their Goods, but rendered them unfa-fhionable j fothat the Petitioners are uncapable of continuing their Trades, unless speedily relieved: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration and to give Belief therein.

Ordered, That the Confutation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mercers, Lacemen, Woollen-drapers, Milliners, and other Traders, in the City and Liberty of,

was referred.

A Petition of Edward May, Esquire, and his

Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Andrew Rickards, the Petitioner Elizabeth's Father, devised to her several Towns and Lands in the County of Waterford, in Ireland, (ox her Life, Remainder to her first and other Sons, Remainder to her Heirs Female, chargeable with £. 400 to his Grandmother Ann Rickards: That the Petitioners afterwards intermarried, and, before they had any Issue, borrowed £. 400 upon a Mortgage of Part of the said Estate, and applied it to pay the said Ann Rickards, and covenanted to pass a Fine and Recovery; but, before it was done, they had a Son born, whereby the Petitioner Eliz. became only Tenant for Life, and thereby the Mortgagee's said Security is in danger of being defeated: That the Petitioners have now one Son, and Four Daughters, and by the said Will no Provision is made for younger Children* therefore they pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making good the said Security, out of the said Estate, and also fur charging the same with Portions for their younger Children,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Medlicott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Sands, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner mortgaged certain of his Freehold and Copyhold Lands, in Surry, to John Pargiter, and his Heirs, for securing £. 3,300 and Interest, in Trull for Henry Raper: That the Petitioner contracted for the Sale of Part of the said Estate in order to clear the rest, but before the Sale was perfected, Pargiter died Intestate, and the said whole Estate is defeended to his Two Daughters, and Cohiers, who are Infants; so that Mr. Raper cannot receive his Money, nor the Infants be divested of the Inheritance of the Premises, otherwise than by Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill fur taking the Estate in Law out of the said Infants, they being only Trustees for the said Henry Raper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition* and that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Pocklington do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of die Parish of Christ-church, in the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, that by an Act, made in the 1 ith and 1 atii Years of his late Majesty's Reign, the

Rulers of the Watermen's Company have Power to appoint Ferries between Fauxball and Limehouse, to carry Passengers cross the 'Thames at a Penny-a-piece, the Money, arising the reby, to be applied to the Use of poor decayed Watermen, and Lightermen, and their W'idou s:

That in the said Parish there are above 350 Families of Watermen, many of which do frequently come to the Parish, and yet they have little or no Benefit by virtue of the said . That there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the lliver Thames: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted therein, for applying the Monies, arising from the Ferries within the Petitioners Parish, towards the Support of their decayed Watermen, and Lightermen, and their Widows and Orphans.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition, as well of the Commission, as Non-com- Army million. Officers, and Soldiers, now or late belonging to Arrejr*‘ the Regiment of Horse, formerly commanded by the honourable Brigadier Villiers, afterwards by Major-General Levejon, and now by Major-General Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest, now in Service in Portugal, was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, that the said Regiment suffered great Loifes in their Service in Ireland, and yet there is due to them, for their Pay from the ill o(September, 1689, to the ill of April, 1694, the Sum of £.3,875. iSr. 10 as Hated by the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army; for the want whereof many of the private Soldiers are re--duced to great Necessities, and the publick Service is greatly prejudiced by their Clamour: And praying, that they may be relieved in the Premises, in such Manner, as the House in Justice Oiall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Viinner was referred.

A Bill for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and Katherine, Rifley's Nat. Rijley, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more effectual alluring of Part of the Lambard's Lands of Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard, 1. it ate. in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for assuring, in lieu ofother Part thereof, other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom Huggeflon'* the Bill to enable Trustees to make Provision for Pay- ttuie. ment of the Debts of William H Esquire, and for railing Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement, upon the Marriage of Wm. Huggefen, the younger, Gentleman, was committed* that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satis-fastion of the Committee* and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrofiTed Bill to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, HumM.'s and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Eiiate. Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surry, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, and Agreements, made upon his Marriage with Dame Sarah, his Wife, was read the Third time.

An

4 Ann. 14* — 15

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press L by inferring " the Remainder."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Sir John , Baronet, and

his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surry, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, made upon his Marriage with Dame Sarah, his now Wife.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Aldington's Mr- Serjeant Hooper (according to Order) presented Estate. to the House, a Bill for veiling certain Terms, for Forty Years, in Trustees, which were granted by John ton, Esquire, deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein mentioned, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said John and the same was received.

Supply BillA Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Malt Duties. Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the ad Weans. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the llesolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the further Duties upon all Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, be Two-pence per Gallon.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Five Years, to commence from the 24th of March, 1705.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, granted by an Act of the 2d Year of her Majesty's Reign, being one third Part of such Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, as are therein mentioned, be continued, from the Seventh Day of March, 1706, for a Perpetuity, redeemable by Parliament after a certain Term of Years.

The first and second llesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The third llesolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " a Perpetuity, redeemable by Parliament 4* after a certain Term of Years," and inllead thereof to insert M the Term of Ninety-eight Years."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the additional Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, granted by an Act of the 2d Ye^r of her Majesty's Reign, being one third Part of such Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, as are therein mentioned, be continued, from the 7th Day of March, 1706, for the Term of Ninety-eight Years.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Members, who are to bring in a Bill, upon the Resolution of the House, for laying a further Duty upon Low Wines, or Vol. 15.

s Januarii 87

Spirits of the first Extraction, or drawn from foreign Materials, that they do prepare the said Bill also upon the said two first Resolutions.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Third Resolution; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr.

Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Wayr ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raise ing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 150 die Januarii;

Anno 4® Annae Reginae, 1705.

Pr AYERS.

AP ETITIO N of Jane Deane, the Widow and Re- Deane's lift of Thomas Deane, late of Freeffolk, in the County Eftau. of Southampton, Efauire, deceased, on behalf of herself, and Jane, her only Daughter, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas Dean, the Petitioner's Husband's Father, did by his last Will, in 1683, give to his Five Children, particularly, to Rebecca £.1,000 OluA to Samuel £.1,000 others divers considerable Legacies: That, upon the Petitioner's Marriage, her Husband, the 6th July, 1698, conveyed the Lands, therein mentioned, to Trustees, for paying the Petitioner a clear Annuity of £. 35° P for her Life, and in that Deed are certain Limitations for the lliue Male and Female of that Marriage; and by another Deed, of the same Date, did assign over to the same Trustees several other Lands, Woods, and Leases, for securing the Payment of the said £.1,000 and £.1,000 Legacies: That her said Husband lately died Intestate, leaving only one Daughter, an Infant, and the said Legacies, and divers great Debts, unpaid, all his personal and Chattel Estate, belldes the said Leases, amounting but to^.219. t6r. 9 d.so that nigh all such Debts mull remain unpaid, till the Infant comes at Age, and the Petitioner, and Creditors be great Sufferers, unless relieved by Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Estate of the said Thomas Deane, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bridges and Mr. Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Harvey (according to Order) presented to the Sand'* House, a Bill, for taking the Estate in Law of a Mort- Estate. gage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is defeended to the Daughters, and Coheirs, of John Pargiter, deceased, who are Infants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant; and the same was received.

A Petition of the Distillers of malted Corn, in and Wine about the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented Dutiee. to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are much discouraged in their Trades, and the Consumption of malted Corn much hindered, by the frequent Disputes, which arise by the Commissioners of Excise, for want of a Settlement of a due Proportion of Low Wines drawn from Drink, and Low Wines into Spirits: That by an Act of 10th and 11th William III. the Proportions, both from Low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from foreign Materials, were settled, wllich prevented all Complaints, and better secured the Duties thereon: And praying, that the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises, and her Majesty's Duties better secured.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon M&lr,

Mum,

ss

Mum, Cyder, arid Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706, is committed.

New Rosse A Bill for making the Town of New Rope, in the

Wool Port. County of Wexford, in the Kingdom of , a Port

for exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir Wm. Scawen, Lieutenant-General Erie, Mr. Fra. Annesley, Sir John Hawlse, Sir Tko. ', Lord Mr.

Southwell, Sir Gilt. Dolben, Mr. , Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Ar. Atmejley, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bertie, Mr. ‘toke, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Mrdlecot, Mr. Gery, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ellis; and all, that serve for Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Hamilton's The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Estate. Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, a Minor* for Payment of Debts, and for raising Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee-farms, and Leal'es for Lives, during his Minority; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stanhopes A Bill for the Sale of Lands in the County of Lin-

Ettate. late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, deceased,

for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fairfax's A Bill for Sale of the Manor of East Evening, and

Estate. several Lands and Hereditaments in Swinshead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children* who are Infants* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Whit cheat i, Mr. , Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr.

johnson, Sir Jof. Tredenham Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Fra. Majfam, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Sir Hen.Colt, Mr. Bray, Mr. Colchester, Mr.;

Mr. Gery, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Chafe: and all, that serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committees. Ordered, That all the Committees be revived.

Army Debts. A Petition of Plunkett Plunkett, alias Stawell, Son, and Heir, of William S, late of the City of Dublin, Alderman, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1691 the Petitioner's Father did furnish Utensils for the Train of Artillery in Ireland, for his late Majesty's Service, amounting to £257. i6j. 6 d.when they could be served no where else at that Time, at £.4 Cent. Profit: That, upon the Petitioner's Application to the House of Commons last Session, a Clause was add-d to the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, for the Petitioner's Relief; but the Clause did not pass the House of Lords: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Satisfaction of the said Debt, or that the Petitioner may be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Kenner was referred.

Courtney's A Petition of Richard Bone, Gentleman, Executor of Estate. Rickard Bone, Gentleman, his Father, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in June, 1681* William Courtney, Esquire, became bound tri the Petitioner's Father, for Payment of £.164 on the 2d of December then next; That in 1683, the said Wil-

A. 4705.

liam made his Will, and devised all his Manors, Lands, and Estate, in Cornwall, to Humphry Courtney, Esquire, to pay his Debts, and, in case he did not, then he deviled the same to Trustees, to fell it for that Purpose: That Humphry proved the said Will, but never paid the said £.164 Debt; but, as is pretended, hath borrowed great Sums of Money, on Mortgages of the said Premises, and otherwise incumbered the fame; and, he being since dead, a Bill is now brought into the House, for veiling the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances on the lame; whereby the Petitioner is in danger of lofinghis said Debt, which, the Petitioner is advised, ought to be paid before the Debts of the said Humphry Courtney: And praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for Pay-riienf of the Petitioner's said Debt.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that they had considered the Petitions to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report ro the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide* ration upon 'tliurfdayMorning next.

Ordered, That all Persons, concerned in Interest in Confenu to private Bills, in case they are able, do personally attend Private Bill*, the Committee, to give their Consents; and, if they are not able personally to attend, that they give Certificates of their Consent, to be proved by one or more Witnesses before the Committee.

A Petition of John Little, Esquire, and Benjamin Stonr

Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; set- Navigation, ting forth, that King Charles the First, by his Letters Patents, granted to Arnold Spencer, Gentleman, his Heiri and Assigns, the foie Liberty of making the River Stour navigable; and great Sums of Money have been thereupon expended, in order to render the feme navigable; and the said Letters Patents are actually assigned to the Petitioners: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the said River navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of '.v; to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; by which the Petitioners Right and Interest therein may be prejudiced: And praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for feving the Petitioners Right under the said Letters Patents.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that it be an Instruction to them, that they (if they shall lb think fit) receive a feving Clause for the Petitioners.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee,* cloth But_ to whom the Bill to permit the making up of Cloaths tons used for with Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for cloathing the Army, the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons, was committed; that they had leen a Copy, and Transiation, of the Contract, made for fending Cloaths for the Army in Portugal, the Original being the re; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, with the said Copy and Translation; where the said Amendments, and Translation, were read; and the Amendments were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Qudlion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Makers, and Sellers, of Block-tin, Ditto, and Brass Buttons, in and about the City of , on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds more. Traders 16 in

150 Januarii.

Privilege — Suit a gam ft Member.

Whitfand Bay Harbour, &c.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Secnrity of Queen's Person, and Protestant Succession*

4 Ann. 150 — i68

in the said Buttons, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, to permit the making up of Cloaths with Buttons of Cloth, for cloathing the Army of the Allies, the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Bill should pass, it is only for the Interest of Three or Four Persons, and will inevitably ruin several hundred Families, now employed in making Block Tin and Brals Buttons, and will greatly prejudice the Tin Trade, for that there is weekly wrought into Buttons several Tuns of Tin: And praying, that they may be heard by Counselv before the said bill do pass, or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read the Third time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

And Sir Henry Johnfonattending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition relating to him, was read; setting forth, that the Lord Lovelace, being indebted to the Petitioners, the Creditors, to the Amount of £. 30,000 did, by his last Will, devise all his real and personal Estate to Trustees, to be sold, to pay his Debts; but Sir Henry a Member of Parliament, who married with his Lordship's Daughter, setting up pretended Deeds, did, on his Death in September, 1693, get Possession of all the Estate, both real and personal, and refuses to pay the said Debts: That near Ten Years since the Creditors exhibited their Bill in Chancery, to be relieved against the said Deeds, and obtained a Decree for that Purpose; and the Legatees also having obtained the like Decree for the irefiduary Part, after payment of Debts, Sir Hen. Johnson, and his Lady, did, the last Session, appeal to the House of Peers against the Decree for the Creditors, and, on hearing, the same was affirmed; but the Creditors finding the said Estate likely to be deficient, and that by the Decree, as it now stantls, Sir Hen. was allowed several great Sums, which ought not to be, they lately exhibited their Appeal against the said Decrees, as to some other Points i but Sir Henry Johnson now insists on his Privilege, though, by Writing under his Hand, he did wave all Privilege of Parliament: And praying, that his Privilege may be wayed, as to the old Matters, and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty, to proceed against him upon the said Decrees, and Appeal.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear and examine the Matter of the said Petition upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Address to her Majesty, relating to Whitfand Bay, and Por-de-nac Point, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a Number' of Officers fitting in Parliament', be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) refblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government', and of the SuCcession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker r.efumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill j and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

Vol. 15.

Januarii. 89

in‘g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward, Mr. Stawell, Mr. . Publick

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bacon, Mourning*; Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gale, Sir Robert Davers, Mr;

Chambers, Lord Dyfert, Sir Wm. Bowes, Colonel,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. England, 1

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mercers, and others, touching publick Mournings* is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriit 16° die Januarii;

Anno 40 Ann* Regin*, 1705.

PltArERi.

Ty A U L, Frances, and Kathmne, Rifley, took the Oaths

appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount, - Lord ford in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 30th of March, 1655, the Petitioner made a Settlement of his k

Estate upon Algernoon Sidney, Esquire, Sir John Pelham,

and Sir Cha. Harbord, and their Heirs, in Trust, for securing several Provisions therein made for the Petitioner* his Wife, and their Issue, Male and Female, as also the Issue, Male and Female, of any other Wife, in Tail: That Sir John Pelham and Sir Cha. Harbord, by their Inden* ture, dated the 25th July, 1655, pursuant to a Decree in Chancery, released to the said Algernoon Sidney all their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, which they had in the said Premises by virtue of an Indenture, dated the 31 ft of March, 1655, thereby (as it seems; mistaking the Date of the said Settlement: That the Petitioner's first Wife died, leaving Issue only one Daughter* after which the Petitioner married again, and bad fevetal Sons and Daughters, and, by railing Portions for Two of his Daughters, contracted several considerable Debts: That the Petitioner's eldest Son Geo. having attained his Age of 2i Years, and agreeing to join in a Recovery of the fai4 Estate, for securing the said Debts, Philip, late Earl of Leicester, Brother, and Heir at Law, to the said Algernoon Sidney, deceased, in whom, it was supposed, the intire Freehold of the Premises was vested in Trust, by Lease and Release did convey the Premises to the Petitioner, and his Son, Geo. and the Heirs of the Body of Geo. in order to their suffering a Recovery of the fame: That after* wards the Petitioner, and his Son Geo. by Deed, dated the 29th June, 1693, did covenant to suffer a Recovery of the said Estate, to the Uses of Geo. Sawyer, Esquire, and Nicholas Charlton, Esquire, for 500 Years, for securing to them £. 4,500 by them lent the Petitioner, for Payment of his Debts, contracted as aforesaid: That Geo'. died without Issue, and the Petitioner, for railing Portions for his Two other Daughters, hath made othei* Incumbrances, and fold Part of the Premises; but by* reason of the said Mistake of the Deed of Settlement,; which was but lately discovered, it is doubted, whethei* the intire Freehold of the Premises did pass to the Petitioner, and his Son, by the said Lease and Release, and whether, by reason thereof, the said Recovery, and Deed to lead the Uses thereof, be not defective: And, that the Persons, of whom the Petitioner borrowed the said Money, and to whom he hath fold Part of his Estate, may be fecufed, the Petitioner prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the DefeCls of the said Recovery, and Deed to' lead the Uses of the feme, occasioned as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Z Mr.

Row*

FJlate.

Leave of

Absence.

Irish Army Arrears.

Newcastle upon Tyne Hospital.

Leave of Absence.

Cardiff®

Writ.

Irish forfeited Efi&tes.

90 1 6° Januarii.1705.

Mr. Btdteel (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for veiling certain Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and of Nicholas,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Coriton have Leave to go into the Country, for recovery of his Health.

An ingossed Bill to authorize and impower the late PaymaHer-General of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Colonel Samuel Fenner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospitals for the Sickand Wounded in Ireland, for the Sum of £. 1,099. 2 s- Si1?-Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Colonel Samuel Fenner.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Skippers, and Keelmen, employed about the Coal Trade in the River was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, to the intent some Provision might be made for poor, aged, and disabled, Skippers, and Keelmen, and their Widows and Children, did, several Years (ince, voluntarily agree, that a certain Part of their Wages should be Hopped for that Purpose; which has been collected accordingly, and, at the Petitioners Delire, applied towards the building a convenient Hospital: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming, and making more effectual, the said voluntary Agreement, and charitable Contribution, and for constituting the Mayor of Newcastle upon Tine, and his Successors, to be Governor of the said Hospital.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Carr, Sir Robert Eden, and Sir William Bowes, do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Daines have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardiffe, in the County of ganr, in the room of Thomas Manjell, of Britton Ferry, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Lettice Grace was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that the last Session of Parliament the Petitioner petitioned this House, representing, that John Grace, her now Husband, having in 1695, by his Petition of Right, recovered a considerable Estate out of the King's Hands, the Petitioner's Father gave her in Marriage to him, and£. 1,000 Fortune; whereupon a Jointure, of £. 300 per Annum, was settled upon the Petitioner, with Provision for their Children, which are now Seven, the eldest not Nine Years old: That afterwards the Trustees for the forfeited EHates in Ireland pronounced such a Decree, as rendered the said Settlement fruitless; whereby the Petitioner, and her Children, are exposed to the utmost Want: That this House referred the said Petition to the said TruHees, to Hate the Matter of Fast; who reported, that the Allegations in the said Petition were true; but soon after the Parliament was prorogued, and the Petitioner had no further Efteft of her Proceedings: And praying, that her, and her Seven Children's, Cate may be considered, and they relieved out of the Money, arising by Sale of her Husband's EHate, or out of the Arrears, reported by the said TruHees to be owing in Ireland, or in such other Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

16

And it is referred to Mr. Afgill, Mr. Sir

Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Lord Cavendish,

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Cha. Twner, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Sir Ja. Mount ague, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Roller, Sir Fra. Majfam, Mr. Car, Sir Edw. Irby, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kent, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Morgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hoi ford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, and others, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of Watton, at Stone, in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House, and Lands, of greater Value, lying at Watton at Stone, as aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Esquire, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable TruHees to fell several Houses, and Lands, in and near Portsmouth, late the EHate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt, and IntereH, charged thereon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Firfi time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for veHing the EHate of Arthur Faughan, of Tretherwen, in the County of an Infant,

in TruHees, to be sold, for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable, was read the FirH time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Mai(, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Peehen*. &c. Nat.

Watton at Stone Parsonage House!

Hicks

Elute*

Vanglmn's

Estatei

Supply Bill; Mall Duties.*

Way® and Means!

Committees.

4 Ann.

17° Januarii. 91

Jovis, 170 <//>;

Anno 4* Anns Regina;, 1705.

Prayers.

Opie's Will. A PETITION of John Came, and Barbara his XTL Wife, was presented to the House.and read; letting forth, that Barbara Widow, the Petitioner Barbara's Mother, by her last Will, in 1697, gave to the Petitioner, her only Daughter, and her Heirs, a Farm, called Dean Farm, in the Parishes of and South-warm borough, in the County of Southampton, of about jf-35 per Annum Value: That by reason of some Defects in the Petitioner's Title, lately discovered, the Petitioner is like to be defeated of the said Estate, unless aided by the legislative Power, although the said Estate was intended as a Provision for the Petitioner Barbara by her Mother's Will: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making good the last Will of the said Barbara Ofie, so far as it concerns the said Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pocklington, and the Lord Powlett,

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sororold's A Bill for the Sale of an Advowson in late the Estate. Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wite, and Child, was read a Second time.

Refobved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Mr. Sir Wm.

Seamen, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Low!her, Mr. Cox, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Ashurst, Mr,. Butler, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Weflott, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gery; and all, that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Jfersons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition A Petition of Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet, presented and was presented to the House, and read, withdrawn. And the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Sedley's A Bill for veiling the Estate, late of Sir Cha. Sedley, Estate. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Cha. Sedley, and for compounding his Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Moneys in a Purchase, to be settled according to the Limitations of the Will of the said Sir Charles, and for allowing a competent Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the younger Children of George Sedley, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jessop, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Afgill, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir Wm: Scawen, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Herne, Mr. Butler, Sir IVm. , Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Bridges, Mr. England, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Roberts-, and all for the Counties of Kent and S: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dean's Colonel Palmer (according to Order) presented to the Eitute. House, a Bill for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Dean, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Barry's Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom Ellate. the Bill for settling and securing Part of the Estate of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Ann his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Ann, and her Children, and Sale of other Vox- 15.

Part of the Estate of the said Robert Baby, for Payment 1

of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir James Mountague (according to Order) presented to ^*7* the House, a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the rane a Right honourable Henry Lord Colerane, and supplying the want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate; and the same was received.

A Petition of Lewis Pettit, Engineer, on behalf of Army Debts, himself, and of Colonel William Romer, Francis Cadoal, and Elizee Madronett, other Engineers, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners faithfully performed their Services in Ireland, during the late War there; for which there is due to them near £.700 as may appear by divers Orders, and Reports:

That the Petitioners Colonel Romer and Cadoal, have been constantly in the Service abroad, so that they could not make any Application tili last Year, before the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army; and then they made a doubt of the Sufficiency of the Orders, produced for the Petitioners Pay; so they did nothing therein and the Petitioners are remediless, unless relieved by the House: And praying, that they may be relieved, by having Debentures for their said Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Courtney's Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veil- Estate. ing a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Harnage have Leave to withdraw Biflwp's his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Castle Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop; and that the Elethon. Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Leftwithiell Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election, appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Leflwithiell, in the County of Cornwall, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of James Kendall, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Robert Molesworth, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Leflwithiell;

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were.

For the Petitioner - - - 8.

For Mr. Molesworth - - 15.

That

Xeftwithiell

Eiedioo.

170 Januarii.

A. 1705.

That the Petitioner's Counsel alleged, that the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and 17 AffiHants; and the same was not controverted by the Sitting Member's Counsel.

That the Petitioner's Counsel infilled* that Six, who had a Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were refused; and Eight others, who had no Right, were taken down on the Poll for Mr.

And they proved by several Witnesses, that Six,

John Trewbody, Hum. SpillerNick. John

Nevili Styles, and Hen. James, had offered their Votes for the Petitioner.

That, as to the said Six Persons Right of electing, the same appeared to be this:

By the Charter, granted to this Borough 6 Jac. I. (which was produced, and read to the Committee) it did appear, that this Corporation was constituted of a Mayor, Six Capital Burgesses, and 17 Affillants; and that the Capital Burgesses, pro mala aut

male fe gerend. aut pro aliq causa rationabili, were amoveable by the Mayor and major Part of the Capital Burgesses; but it did not appear by the Charter, that there was any Power to amove any Assistant. It further appeared by the Books, that all these Six (One whereof} viz. John 'Trewbody, was a Capital Burgess, and the other Five Affillants) had been displaced by a lesser Number, that in that same was required by Charter.

And as to the Eight Persons excepted to; viz. John Hawkey, Ja. Martin, Wm. Curtis, Steph. Tomkin, Chr. Phillips, Edw. Lee, Chr. John Libby;

besides, that most of them were elected into the Places of those, who were irregularly put out, the Charter of 6 Jac. I. in case of Death, or Removal of any Capital Burgess, provides in these Words; viz. £hibd time, et toties, ben}liceat et licebit Majori et capitalibus fibus burgi pr*di£li, adtunc remanentibus, vel superviven-tibus, vel aliquibus quinque eorum quorum Majorem burgi prsedtEU, pro tempore exijlentem, unum else volumus, to «le& one or more of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, in the room or rooms of such Capital Burgess, or Burgesses, dying, or removed; and those, excepted to, were elected by a less Number, than was required by the Charter.

And the Question, in this Election, depending, in a

freat meafdre, upon the Six Persons, demanding their 'oil, which was fully proved; the other Matter was not controverted.

And that thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Trewbody had a Right to vote in the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of LeJlwilbieU,in the County of Cornwall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Humphry Spiller, Nicholas Hobb, John Taprell, Nevili Styles, and Henry James, had a Right to vote in the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Hawkey, James Martin, Curtis, Stephen Tomkin, Christopher Phillips, Edward Lee, Chrifio-

pher Clemefe, and John Libby, had not a Right to vote in

the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Leflwithiell.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Molesworth, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leflwithiell.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Kendall, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leflwithiell.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the.House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Leflwithiell, in the County of Cornwall, fey-rating out the Name of Robert Molesworth, Esquire,

and inserting the Name of James Kendall, Esquire, inllead thereof.

Mr. Compton also reported from the Committee of Lmlgerflmll Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to Ele^101u them, touching the Election for the Borough of Lud-gtrshall, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table i where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Edmund Webb, and John Webb,

Efcjuires, and of several of the Freeholders, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Walter Kent, Esquire, and Thomas Powell, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the said County of Wilts:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freeholders, or Leaseholders, of the said Borough, determinable upon Life, or Lives.

That, upon the Poll, taken by the Bailiff, the Numbers were thus:

For Mr. Kent - - -54.

For Mr. Powell - 48.

For Mr. Edmund Webb - 42.

Vox Nix. John Webb - - 42.

But the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that they lhoulcf add so many to their Poll, and disqualify so many, as polled for the Sitting Members, as would make a great Majority for the Petitioners; and then should give some Evidence of corrupt Practices.

That, as to those, they offered to add to their Poll, they distinguished them under two Heads; viz.

Five, that offered to poll, before the Bailiff'went away; and 26, whole Poll were taken, after the Bailiff went away.

That, as to the first Five, William Collins, Edward Hopgood, said, that Four Persons offered their Poll for the Petitioners, whilst the Bailiff was in Court, and that' another offered his Vote, as the Bailiff was going away; but, as to One of the Four, viz. Rawlins Hillman, there was no Proof produced, that he had a Right to vote.

'John Foyle,

As (0 the ,6. they give an Account,

Edw. Hopgood, that they were polled a little after the

Rich. Stevens, Bailiff went away; and that all of them,

John Watson, ^ut John Day, who voted for Colonel PeriamDockwra, EdmundWebb and Mr. Powell, voted for Rich. Hiegins, and both the Petitioners.

Geo. Hall.

That the Petitioner's Counsel produced, and by Witnesses proved, several Deeds, which passed a Freehold to 16 Persons; but, as to Two of them, Rich.

Crouch, and Rich. Stevens, it did not appear, that Livery and Seisin had been given.

Humph. Norboum, Then the Petitioner's Counsel except"4 J /« Hilton0*'to> and gave Evidence against, Ten Tho.Pafcall, Persons, who had polled for the Sitting William Collins. Members, and had no Right.

The Nature of which Evidence was;

That one, viz. John Noise, came into the Freehold by a forcible Entry, and was ejected by his elder Brother in February before the Election;

That another's Tenement, viz. Abell Brown's, was out of Town:

That another, viz. Roger Bennett, rented his House from Year to Year, and never voted before:

That Three others, viz. Richard Dobbs, Math. Kenton, and Edward Lines, had no Estate in present, their Mothers having the Estates for their Lives:

That Three others; viz.Arthur Wm.

Noise, and Tho. Collins, had only Part of Tenements:

And that another; viz. John Beale's, Lease was for Years absolute.

That the next Thing, the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded upon, was, to prove Corruption, and ill Practices, by the Sitting Members, or their Agents; on which Head they called several Witnesses.

Tho. Pafcall gave an Account, that Mr. Pozvell read a Paper, which he called Articles, by which the Bailiff

undertook

4 Ann. i70 JanuariL

Edw. Ke

William

John Pent

.MV//. Drury:

undertook to return him, if he would spend as much

Money at his House, as he had done at the George \ and

that Mr. Powell, and Mr. Dowling (who appeared for

him) had promised to help his Kinsman to an Excite-

man's Place, if he, the said Pafcall (the Witness) would

vote for Mr. Powell. Pafcall owned, he could neither

write nor read.

Gabriel Taylor {kid, that Bailiff Noise declared, he would

return the Sitting Members, though the Petitioners had

a Majority of Votes.

That, as to the Bailiff's demeaning himself at the

Election, they examined several Witnesses; viz.

, v l \/r. l 1/ T Who gave an Account, that

m' Bailiff called over the Elec

Mr' S,» ' «"» Names by a Lilli, after

which he went away, without

r* 1 J catting up the Numbers on the

Poll, or making any Proclamation, for any others to

come, and poll: That, at the Time he went away, there

were several Persons to be polled, particularly, one

who had polled at several Elections; and the Bailiff,

before he went away, was told by Colonel there

were more to poll.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, in Answer to this Evidence, first called some Witnesses, as to the

making the Lift, that the Bailiff polled by j viz.

Who gave an Account, that such

Lifts had been made before and that

the Bailiff, in making this Lift, had

the Assistance of Six of the ancienteft

Inhabitants in the Borough; and that

great Care was taken in it, and all, that they believed to

have good Voices, were put down in it: But it appeared,

that all Six, who aftifted at the making this Lift, voted

for the Sitting Members.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members also infilled,

that it was an Agreement between the Candidates, to

poll none but old Votes; and to that Purpose, and to

justify the Bailiff, they called several Witnesses; viz.

kn v l ar- l m 1 W ho gave an Account, that

Mr. Colonel Ivtbb. at his first com-

r. j°nesi r j f ing to the Place of Election,

k/ in fforAmac^e a short Speech, and took

Mr. Michael Crawford: j^ of # Re£ortj he in_

tended to poll some new, or split, Votes; and declared, that he intended to poll no such. That the Bailiff called all, as they flood in his Lift, and afterwards made Three O Tes\ and afterwards Colonel desired him to poll

Two more, which he did with a Quaere; but said, if he offered any more such, he could not comply with it. That no more offering to poll, the Bailiff and Mr. Dowling call up the Poll, and declared the Majority to fall on Mr. Kent and Mr. Powell.

And Mr. Jones said, that Pafcall desired him to speak

to Mr. Powell, to lend him to, and Mr. Jones asked him to do it; but Mr. Powell refused to do it, saying, he would neither give, nor lend, any Man 6d. though he loft his Election.

That the next Thing, the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded on, was, to disqualify several, who the Petitioners Counsel endeavoured to add to their Poll.

And as to 20 (viz. John , Edward Kenton, Pe-riam Dockwra, John Thornbuck, Richard Blackman, John Bait, Tho. Mackrell, Nath. Lawrence, Drury, John Marsh, William Cook, Wm. Newman, Wm. Dobbs, John Day, Edward Daniel, John Edmyton, Nath. Lawrence, John Culley, and Cha. Crouch) of the 26, infilled to be

added to the Petitioners Poll, they called several Witnesses: The Nature of which Evidence was;

That their Mothers were in Possession; or, that they were split Tenements, and the Deeds made just before the Election; and that some have said; since the Election, they did not know what they voted for.

That the Sitting Members Counsel then proceeded to justify the 10 Votes objected against by the Petitioners:

And, as to Five of them, they produced Deeds, to proye their Titles; and, as to the other Five, they called,

‘ Vol. 1&.

Edward Kenton, and John Marsh 1 who gave an Account, Lndgerfha* they were Heirs to their Fathers, or had voted for the Election, feme Estate at former Elections.

Then the Sitting Members Counsel objected, and called Witnesses, viz. Edward Kenton, Tho. Mackrell, Wm.

Cook, Charles Crouch, Edward Darnel. , and William Dobbs, as to Seven of the Petitioners Voters, as having nc Right j viz.

As to Richard Mufpratt; that he lived with his Father:

As to Four others, viz. Geo. Mackrell, Wm. Crouch,

Ddbb Cook, and Wm. Dobbs, junior; that the Tenements, they voted for, were their Mothers:

As to Two others, viz. Jofper Mrndy and Richard Belfon; that they acknowleged themselves to have no Right of Voting.

That then the Sitting Members Counsel infilled, that 16 Persons, under the same Qualifications with those infilled to be added to the Petitioners Poll, were ready to poll for the Sitting Members, when the Bailiff went away:

John Daw, And, as to them, the Witnesses gave

Pertain Dockwra, Account, that they were presentatthe Tho. Mackrell, Place ot Election, and declared, that they John Ediinton, came to vote for the Sitting Members:

Evan Mufpratt. And they produced, and proved by Witnesses, several Deeds, which passed a Freehold to them.

That the Sitting Members had an Interest in the Borough of Ludgershall, the Counsel infilled, did appear, from Mr. Kent's having formerly served for the Borough.

That they also called two Witnesses to that Point; viz.

Mr. Cooke-, who said, he employed 150 or 200 of the poorer Sort of the Inhabitants, whose chief Subsistence was in spinning; and that several of the Voters came to him, to have a CharaCler of Mr. Powell; and that he recommended him to them.

John Cully said, that the Town understood, that Mr.

Powell was very much concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, and so were willing to chuse him.

And Mr. Dowling produced two Letters from many of the Voters; whereby they invited Mr. Powell to come down, and Hand for a Member of Parliament for the said Borough.

That, as to Bribery, they called several Witnesses; viz.

Charles Crouch; who said, Tho. Poulton offered the Bailiff 50 Guineas, and a Bell, if he would be for the Webbs.

John Lay, — that Tho. Appleford on the 3d of May

last offered him 10 Guineas, if he would turn himself, and turn Three more, to be for the Petitioners; but he voted for the Sitting Members.

William Newman said, that William Baily told him, if he would be for the Petitioners, he might have^. 5, but he voted for the Sitting Members.

Eliz. Newman said, that Mr. Baily offered her a Guinea, to turn her Father to be for the Petitioners.

John Nash said, that Mr. Weston, Colonel Webb's Steward, offered him Five Guineas to be for his Mailer j and told him, that Evan and Arthur Mufpratt should have Five Guineas a-piece on the same Terms.

Evan Mufpratt'said, that Mr. Weston told him, he

should have Six Guineas, if he would be for both the Webbs.

Edward Lymes said, that Mr. Summer, of Andover, told him, he should have a Guinea, if he would vote for Colonel Webb.

Evan Mufpratt said, he heard Robert Crouch declare, he would not be for the Webbs, unless he had £. 3.

And Cha. Crouch, and John Lay, heard Robert Crouch afterwards own, he had received the £. 3.

Nick. Drury said, that Robert Crouch owned, he had promised to be for Mr. Kent; but said, he durst not, because the Brigadier threatened to fend him to Sea.

Tho. Powell laid, William Dobbs declared, that he had a Guinea of Colonel Webb, to be for him.

Tho. Cocks and John Cully said, the Constables threat-

A a ened,

94

170 Jama

A. 1705.

gel

Boj

coed, they should gp for §oldi«rp, if they WQUld ,not vote for the Petitioners.

Richard Blackman laid, the Constable had threatened Cully, and some others, in that Manner.

Tho. Mackrell said, that he having denied the Brigadier to be for him, the Brigadier laid, he should repent it in Six Months.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Walter Kent, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgeft, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 'tho. Rowell, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-;efs, to serve in this present Parliament for the said >rough of Ludgershall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edmund Webb, Esquire, was not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ludgershall.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Webb, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Jjidgershall.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Walter Kent, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Thomas Powell, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ludgershall;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes,^; j'. } 103.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third and Fourth Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, by rating out the Name of Thomas Esquire,

and inserting the Name of Joh , Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Compton also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of

gomery, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Vaughan, Esquire; of several of the Burgesses of the Town and Borough of Montgomery; ana of the several Bailiffs of the Boroughs of Welsh Poole, and Landid-loes, in' the County of Montgomery; complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Cha. Ma/on, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Montgomery:

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, that the Right of Election was in the Burgesses of Montgomery, and Three Out-Boroughs; and the same was not controverted by the Sitting Member's Counsel.

That the Majority of the Poll was agreed to be with the Sitting Member.

But that, which was complained of by the Petitioners Qeunfel, was, of some ill Radices used, to procure Votes

for the Sittii^ Member.} and that there was not due Notice given of the Election; and also of a Surprize in the Sitting Member's appearing as Candidate.

And, as to ill Practices, they called,

John Evans; who laid, that Maurice Powell, who voted for the Sitting Member, and demanded a Poll for him, offered Francis Herbert io to vote as be would have him. Francis Herbert voted for Mr. Vaughan.

That, as to the want of due Notice, they examined the said John Evans j and also,

ThmcClam, 1 Ji1"&vc " £c"unt> 'hat ,‘he

Edward Mmi", fleSors were about? or 800 Per-r v ions: That in Montgomery alone

» j', rnliL-') there were above Six Score Voters;

whereas them were polled at this Matth. Evans: J rf sid<£ ? r PcTfons

only: That there was a general Complaint of the Surprize.

Cooper said, he had no Notice of the Election till an Hour before.

And Matth. Evans, one of the Serjeants, laid, he did not proclaim the Election at as was usual;

but acknowleged, he was font by one of the Bailiffs (the other not being in the Town) on Monday before the Election, to Uandidloes, to give Notice to the Bailiffs

there, that the Election would be on the Friday following; and accordingly he did give Notice to those Bailiffs. It appeared also, that it was not known, that Mr. Ma/on intended to stand Candidate, or did appear in the Town, till they had actually began the Election; and then Maurice Powell demanded a roll for Mr. Ma/on, and Mr. Mason himself appeared as Candidate } and, upon the Poll, there were.

For Mr. Ma/on - - - 41.

For Mr. Vaughan - - - - go.

That it was also said by George Robin/on, that took the Poll, that the Poll was carried on hastily, so that the Names of One or Two Persons, who had polled, had escaped being set down by him; but it was admitted. Three Proclamations were made, for any other Persons to come in, and poll, before the Poll was closed.

That, on the other Side, to prove due Notice, the Sitting Member's Counsel called several Witnesses.

Edward Davis, who is an Alderman of Montgomery, and has known the Borough above 40 Years, said, that the Election was on Friday; and the Monday before, at Nine a Clock in the Morning, the Two Serjeants being font to give Notice to the Out-Boroughs, he made a Proclamation at the usual Place in Montgomery, of the Time of this Election: That at the Election Two Persons were sworn of each Side, to take the Poll; and he believed, a Dozen Proclamations were made before the doling of the Poll; and in general, though he had been an Alderman 20 Years, and seen several Elections, he neverfawa fairer Election.

Richard George laid, he heard Mr. Davis make Proclamation, as by Mr. Davis had been before testified, on the 14th, the Election being on the »8th of

Edward Lloyd gave an Account, that, on Monday before the Election, he was sent by Mr. Bedoe, one of the Bailiffs of Montgomery, to the Bailiffs of Welsh Poole, and Uanvilling, to give them Notice, the Election would be on the Friday following; and accordingly he did give them Notice j and that the Election was generally talked of in the Town of Montgomery; and that there was a Letter font particularly to a Rinfman of Mr. Vaugban\ to give Notice of the Time of this Election. He voted for Mr. Vaughan, as did the other Serjeant, who gave Notice at Uandidloes.

That, as to Mr. Ma/bn's appearing so late, they called,

Chr. Wittingham, who gave an Account, that he sent to Mr. Ma/on, about Eleven a Clock the Night before, to deffre him to stand } to which Mr. Ma/on returned Answer, that he would, if the Town would chuse him} desiring to have his Name concealed, till be should be satisfied of his Election: That thereupon he desired several to vote, as he (houki:; which they promised to

do,

{j

'SI

4 Ann. I90 fatruarii.

East Retford Ele&ou.

do, provided* it was notfor Mir. Vtntghan: That there were Ten «ur Twelve Proclamations, before the Poll was oksfed.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Refobved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Majors, Esquire, is duly ekfted a Burgefe, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Refobvtd, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Charles Mason, Esquire, is dulyelefted a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery.

Mr. Compton also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Retford, in the County of Nand the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Sir Hardolph,

Baronet, and Robert Moles, Esquire, and also of several of the Freemen, or Burgesses, of the Borough of East Retford, complaining of an undue

Election, and Return, of Sir Willoughby Baronet, and William L Esquire, to serve for the said Borough:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Bailiffs, and Burgesses, or Freemen.

And the Numbers upon the Poll were.

For Sir Willoughby Hickman - 76.

For Mr. Levinz - - - 75.

For Sir Hardolph Westeneys - 50,

For Mr. Mohsworth - 48.

But the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that they should qualify several, who offered their Votes for the Petitioners, and were refused t and disqualify several, who polled for the Sitting Members; and so make out a Majority for the Petitioners.

That the main Points in difference were,

First, As to the Persons, who had a Right to their Freedom:

And, in the next Place, the Power of the Corporation to make Persons, living out of the Borough, free, by Redemption.

That, as to the First, the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that all Persons, having served Seven Years Apprenticeship within the Borough, and the Elder Sons or Freemen, had a Right to their Freedom.

The Sitting Members Counsel infilled, that all, as well the younger, as the elder. Sons of Freemen had a Right to their Freedom.

That, as to the latter, the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that the Corporation had a Power to make any Perfoti free, whether they inhabited within the Borough, or out of the Borough.

The Sitting Members Counsel infilled, that such Persons, as had no Right to their Freedom, could not be made free, except they were Inhabitants within the Borough.

To prove, that the younger Sons of Freemen had no Right to their Freedom, the Petitioners Counsel produced several Entries of Freedoms; which were granted to each Person, Jtbi, et haredibns de corpore fuo;

and it appeared, that the Admittances were generally in the fame-Form.

That theyallb to this Point called several Witnesses; via.

John Mason; who had known East Retford 40 Years:

Wm. Bellamy; who had known East Retford above 20 Years, and had served all Offices:

Tho.Clark; who bad known East Retford above 40 Years:

Tho.Raoofoni who had been Alderman 15 Years, add had been free Thirty Yean:

Who laid, that younger Sons heed no Righc to their

Vol. 15.

Freedom; and gate Instances-of some, who had been refused, and others, who paid Fines upon their being made free.

And the Petitioners Counsel also produced die Refo-lotion of the House 17 Martii, t* , " That

" the younger Sons of Freemen of the Borough of " Retford have not a Right to demand their Freedom " of the said Borough."

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that East Retford is a Corporation by Prescription; which was admitted by the other Side.

That, to prove the Custom of the Borough to make Foreigners free, the Petitioners Counsel produced an Ordinance, i* Sept. 6° Jac. I. in these Words; viz.

" Item, It is ordered, established, and decreed, that all and every such, as shall be made free within the " laid Town by Redemption, shall compound and agree u with Mr. Bailiffs, and the Aldermen of the said Town, for their Freedom; and that no Foreigner u shall be there made free, by Redemption, under 20 s. to be paid to the Town's Chamber, 40 to Mr. Bailifts, no d.to the Chamberlains, izd. to the Deputy " Steward, or Town-clerk, 8 d. to the Serjeants at Mace, and 12 d.to the Relief of the Poor; and that at the " next Court after their laid Freedom granted, the Party shall be brought in by the Chamberlains, and there " take the Oath appointed for that Purpose."

And another Ordinance, made Amo 1644, disabling any Burgesses to vote at any Election or Elections whatsoever within the said Borough, who should remove his Dwelling out of the Borough, and continue so for one whole Year; provided, in case he did return again, and dwell within the Borough, that he should vote, while he lived within the Borough.

That they also shewed, by the Books of the Corporation, that Sir John Hercy, and Ralph Denman, Esquire, were de concilia magno 4* Eliz.

That Anno 1658, William Cartwright, Esquire, the Steward, was sworn Btfrgefs.

That Anno 1680, Sir Edward Nevill was elected an Alderman; and afterwards an Ordinance was made, to enable him to vote at Elections as an Alderman, notwithstanding his Non-residence.

And Mason said, that Sir Edward Deering ,/as made free, when he lived in Kent; and Sir Willoughby Hickman, When he lived at Gainsborough; but he never voted till of late.

That it appeared also, that 22 Car. I. Colonel Francis Thornhagh was made free.

And Rflwfon said, that Sir Edward Nevill was made free, when he lived at Grove, about 30 Years ago:

And himself was made free when he lived at the same Place:

And, 3 Jac. idi, Evelyn Pierrepont, Esquire, was made free, and Sam. Mawe, paying £. 6 Fine.

That, to answer which Evidence, and first, as to the Point of Right of the younger Sons, the Sitting Members Counsel produced several Entries: viz. in Queen

Elizabeth's time, of Thomas Wharton, and his two Sons, being made free; and, in Charles the ad's time, of Moody, Robert Moody, and Wm. Moody, being made free.

And Tho. Moody, being examined, said, that Wm. Philipp, and Robert Moody, were his Brothers, and Wm. was the eldest: And he said, they were all made free by their Father's Copy.

That by other Entries it appeared, that Martin, Rickard, and Thomas Colton, were made free.

And William Bunby, being examined, said, the Cottons were Brothers, and made free by their Father's Copy; and himself was a younger Brother, and made free so too. And he further said, that he had been free above 15 Years, and had been Bailiff; and always took the younger Sons of Freemen to have a Right to their Freedom; and that Robert Mason also was (Hade free by hit Father's Copy.

Robert Mason gave Evidence to the feme Purpose with William Bunby; and that for and were made

free

96 17° Janmrii. A. 1705.

Btft R«tford free the same Day, Amo 1689; anil that they only paid had served Six Years, and bought out the Seventh; and, ®*e^oa* the Fees of the Court; and, before he took up his Free- as to the Third, that he had served Seven Years to a dom, he was threatened to have his Shop Windows shut Freeman; but did not hear, that he demanded his Free> up, if he did not take up his Freedom. dom before the lad Election.

That they also produced the Resolution of the House, That the Sitting Members Counsel, by way of Answer, #8* Novem. 1 Anna, That all the Sons of Freemen of excepted to Eight of those, that polled for the Petition- the Borough of East Retford have a Right to the Free- ers, as younger Sons of Freemen; Seven of which were addom of the said Borough." mitted; and they gave Evidence, that the Eighth was so.

That, as to the Point of Foreigners, the Sitting Mem- That then they excepted to Five others, as not making bers Counsel called several Witnessas; viz. any Demand of their Freedom till the Day of the Richard Bunby j who said, he had known East Retford Election; Three of which were admitted; and Evidence 48 Years: given as to the Two others.

William Smith; who had known East Retford 20 Years: William Smith, That Exceptions were taken, and Wit-

Wm. Bunby; who had known East Retford almost 40 nesses gave Evidence, as to Four others

Years: ar er. of the Petitioner's Voters; viz. against one,

Who said, that they did not look upon those, who live as not having served out his Time; against another, as out of Town, to be capable of being made free; and having received s Charity; against another, as not

that the Inhabitants, not being free, and having no Righc having served his Time in the Borough; and against the to their Freedom, were looked upon to be Foreigners in fourth, viz. one of the Bailiffs, as having first gave his East Retford; and that they had distinct Officers for the Vote for Sir Hardolph Westeneys, and Mr. , though, several Duties, charged on the said Borough; viz. For before he went away, he recalled it, and gave it for Sir the Poor's Rate the Bailiffs appointed Two Aldermen, Hardolph Westeneys, and Mr.

Two Burgesses, and Two Foreigners, to be Assessors. That they produced an Entry of a Disfranchisement

And they then read a Resolution out of the above- of another; but in the same Entry one of the Sitting mentioned Report, 28 Nov. 1 Anna Regina, " That Per- Members Voters was disfranchised.

fons, not inhabiting in the Borough of East Retford, That the Sitting Members Counsel then called , " are incapable of being made free of the said Borough, as a Witness; who gave Evidence, to qualify Two of " by Redemption' the Voters, excepted to by the Petitioners, That

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came they had served Seven Years in the Borough, to this Resolution: And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, came to these Resolutions:

That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parlia- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ment for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of That Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, is not duly Nottingham, is in such Freemen only, as have a Right to elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for their Freedom by Birth, as eldest Sons of Freemen, or the Borough of East Retford, in the County of -by serving Seven Years Apprenticeship, or have it by tingham.

Redemption, whether inhabiting, or not inhabiting, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in the said Borough at the Time of their being made free. That Wm. Levinz, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, That the Right being thus determined by the Com- to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough mittee, the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to the Quali- of East Retford,

fications of the Voters. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And first, to disqualify several, who had polled for That Sir Hardolph Westeneys, Baronet, is duly elected the Sitting Members. a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said

And they excepted to Eleven, as being entitled to Borough of East Retford. their Freedom only as younger Sons of Freemen; which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, was admitted by the Sitting Members Counsel. That Robert Esquire, is duly elected a

That they excepted also, and gave Evidence by Tho. Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Wright, as to Nine, for not having demanded their Free- Borough of East Retford.

dom till the Time of the Election. The first Resolution bang read a Second time;

And William Bellamy said, if the Court was not satisfied An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

with any, at their first coming to demand their Freedom, leaving out these Words, " whether inhabiting, or not it was usual to put them off till next Court. " inhabiting, in," and instead thereof to insert, " being

" Inhabitants within."

♦ Wright, and That they also excepted to, and gave Evi- And the Question being put, That those Words,

Bellamy. dence as to, Six, for not having served Seven whether inhabiting, or not inhabiting, in," stand Part

Years Apprenticeship. of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,: J l86'

TeHers for the Noes, } 164-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Corn-Ordinances, in what Cafes Persons should be disfran- mittee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of electing chifed, made the 20th July, 43 Eliz. Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

That the Sitting Members Counsel admitted, that Sir East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, is in such Hardolph Westeneys, and 15 others, had been made free Freemen only, as have a Right to their Freedom by by Redemption, and were not polled. Birth, as eldest Sons of Freemen, or by serving Seven

And the Petitioners Counsel called a Witness, who Years Apprenticeship, or have it by Redemption, proved, that all, but Sir Hardolph Westeneys, tendered whether inhabiting, or not inhabiting, in the said their Votes for the Petitioners; and Sir Hardolph ten- Borough at the Time of their being made free, dered his Vote for Mr. Mole/worth only. The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

That the last Thing, the Petitioners Counsel proceeded And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

to, was, to add Three to their Poll, as being entitled by That the House do agree with the Commitree, in the said Apprenticeship. Resolution, That Sir Barone;, is not

And, as to Two, Bellamy guts an Account, that they duly elected a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament

24 for

Robert GoodaII. That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence as to, Two, for having received Charity, distributed at Gainsborough.

That they also excepted to, and gave Evidence, by the Town Book, that Two were disfranchised.

And, to make out, that the Corporation had a Power to disfranchise, they produced an Order of Disfranchisement, made the 7 th November, 1625; and also several

4 Ann. 170 — 180

for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^g^; J H4.

Tellers for the Noes,j^J; Jjj } >43-

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, by rating out the Names of Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, and William Levinz, Esquire, and inferring the Names of Sir Hardolph Westeneys, Baronet, and Robert Molesworth, Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 4° Annas Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

Lndgerfliall, I HH E Clerk of the Crown attended (according to &c. Returns Order) and amended the Returns for the Borough

mended. 0£ J_,uJgerfiall, in the County of Wilts; for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham; and for the Borough of Lejlwithiell, in the County of Cormcall.

Edward's An ingrossed Bill to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, Estate. to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Toke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Worcester A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Roads. Eroitwich, in the County of , and of several

other Persons, that live between the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and the City of

cester, on the behalf of themselves, and many other Persons, who are concerned in Carriage of Salt, Iron, Coals, and other Wares and Commodities, between the City of Worcester, and Birmingham aforesaid, and other Places, with Waggons, Carts, Packs, and other Carriages, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the Highway between Worcester, and Bir-

mingham, leading through the Parishes of Claynes, Mar-tyne, Nufftngtree, Salzvarpe, and St. Mary Wilton, are so very much destroyed by the great Carriage of the aforesaid Commodities, that they are almost impassable, several Carts and Waggons having been there broke, the Goods spoiled, and many Horses loft; and the Inhabitants are incapable of repairing the same by the Laws now in force, to the great Prejudice of Trade in that Part of the Country: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for charging a Toll upon all Horses, Carts, Coaches, Waggons, and Droves of Cattle, that shall pass and repass through the said Way, for a Term of Years, for Repair of the said Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Cox, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Wylde, do prepare, and . , bring in, the Bill.

Middleton's Mr. Harvey, (according to Order) presented to the Estate. House, a Bill for the vacating a Settlement, made by Benjamin Middleton, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of and for discharging

Vol. 15.

Januarii. 97

the said Benjamin Middleton and Charles Middleton, Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants in the said Settlement contained; and the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Legrand* naturalizing William Lewis Legrand; to which they Nat* desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the Relief of

of Colonel John Rice, be made upon Tomorrow seven- 0 ' lce' night.

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, to whom Afgill's Pur-the Bill for Relief of John Afgill, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, or ei urei* was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom inthArrears. the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred, the Matter, upon the Petition of John Fara and George Ford, Serjeants, and the non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, late under the Command of the Earl of Drogheda; and also upon the Petition of Richard Tinker, Samuel Bel-ward, John Ckifwell, and Samuel Lewis, on behalf of themselves, and several others, non-commissioned Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord (late Colonel

Coot's) Regiment of Foot; as it appeared to the Committee, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read; and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the said Petition of John Fara, and others.

That the Committee having examined the Allegations of the said Petion, it appeared by an Account, examined, stated, and certified, under she Hands of the late Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament to state the Accounts of the Army, that there is due to the Petitioners, for their Services in Ireland, the Sum of,£.1,392.

17 s. o That it also appeared to the Committee, that the Pe-tioners did make Application to the late Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces, in order to have Debentures made out for the said Debt; but could not obtain the fame, for want of a Letter of Attorney, signed by the Colonel, and a Majority of the Captains, to impower some particular Person, pursuant to the said Act, to take out Debentures, the said Act of Parliament requiring Seven Captains to sign such Power.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that several of the Captains of the said Regiment are dead, and others in foreign Parts; so that Debentures cannot be taken out, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee find, that the Petitioners have fully and clearly made out all the Allegationscontained in their said Petition; and that there isjuftly due to them the Sum of £.1,392. 17 o\d.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Farrer and Sir Thomas Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Upon the said Petition of Richard Tinker, and others.

That the Committee having examined into the Allegations of the said Petition, do find, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and for preserving the publick Credit) any Three or more of the Commissioners, appointed by Act

Bb of

Irish Arrears.

Cloth Buttons used for the Army.

Ways and Means.

18° Januarii. A. 1705.

of Parliament to state and examine the Debts due to the Army and Navy, are required to certify to the Pay-master-general of the Land Forces such Sums, as should appear due to any Troops and Companies in the late Army, payable unto such Person or Persons, as the Colonel, and the Majority of the Captains of such Regiments, to which such Troop or Company belonged, should have Power to receive such Certificates j and that the Paymaster-general should make out Debentures to such Persons, authorized as aforesaid, to receive the same.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate under the Hands of the said Commissioners, that there is due to the said Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, of the said Regiment, the Sum of 1,233. 19 s. 1 \d.but by reason of the Death of the said Colonel, and Five of the Captains, no Person can be impowered, pursuant to the said Act, to receive Debentures for the said Moneys.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of Captain Rutter, that there are but Seven Captains living; whereas the Act of Parliament required a Majority of Thirteen Captains, to impower a Person to take out Debentures, and state their Accounts; and Two of them refused to sign any Power for the Petitioners getting their said Debt, so certified by the said Commissioners to be due to them.

And that upon the whole Matter, the Committee find, that the Petitioners have fully and clearly made out all the Allegations contained in their said Petition; and that there is justly due to them the Sum of,£. 1,233. 19*.

1 £d.but for want of the Majority of Captains to impower a Person to take out their Debentures, the same remains still in the Hands of the late Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Farrer and Sir Thomas Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That such Reports, as shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was referred, be made in a full House, after One a Clock.

A Bill to permit the making up of Cloaths with Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for cloathing the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press L. last, by leaving out " said," and inserting recited" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act to permit the making up of Cloaths with Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for cloathing the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Coals. Culm, and Cinders, which by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders) are to continue until the 15th Day of May, 1708 (Charcoal, made of Wood, being always excepted) shall be further continued, from the Fourteenth Day of May, 170S, until the Thirtieth Day of September, 1710.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which, by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders) are to continue until the 15th Day of May, 170S,

(Charcoal, made of Wood, being always excepted) shall be further continued, from the 14th Day ot May, 1708, until the 30th Day of September, 1710.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Walt t)utie* House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Way. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and MeaM-Ways and Means for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him 10 report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that her Privilege Majesty, in pursuance of the Address of both Houses, Queen ac-put out a Proclamation, in which was an Encouragement for Discovery of the Author, or Authors, of the Member. Memorial of the Church of England, £sV. The Printer of Name? are which Book being now in Custody, and other Persons "

being examined, in whose Depositions there appears the Names of some Members of this House; her Majesty's Tenderness for any thing, which hath the Appearance of the Privileges of this House, hath inclined her to command him to acquaint this House, before (lie directs any further Proceedings in the said Examination.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrrb her Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House for her thereof gracious MefTage this Day, and her tender Regard to the Privileges of this House; and to desire, that lhe will be pleased to give Order for the further Examination into the Authors of the Libel, mentioned in the said Message.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden, Sir Rufhont Cullen, Mr. Fraud* by Cooper, Sir Fra. Maffam, Sir John Spencer, Sir Robert Baakwpi*. Jenkinson, Mr. Mason, Mr. Woollaston.Mr. , Mr. Ellis,- Mr. Pocklington, Sir Tho. IVebJler, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Opit's Will.

Lord

Strangford's

Estate*

Hortiey's

Eltaie.

Relief of Lord

Drogheda's,

.Regiments.

Williams9

Estate.

Smal man's Eftats.

p«gRe

Estate,

4 Ann. i f Januarii.99

Sabbati, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 4* Anme Reginas, 1705.

Prayers.

MR. Onslow (according to Ordes) presented to the House, a Bill for making good the last Will of Barbara Opie, deceased, by which a Farm, called Dean, in the Parishes of Weston and , in the County of Southampton, is devised to Eliz. , and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise; and the same was received.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for supplying the Defeats of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip , Esquire, Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Geo. Smith, Esquire, his elded Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recoveryi and the same was received.

A Bill for Sale of Newham, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the Estate of John Horsley, and Jane his Wife, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed to Sir James Mountague, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Carr, Sir Bowes, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Thomhagb, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Grahme, Mr.

Mr. York, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Je/Jbp, Mr. Serjeant Birch; and all for Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord s

and Colonel Coot's Regiments; and the same was received.

Mr. Varney repotted from the Committee, to whom Barne'* the Bill for Sale of several Lands within the Manor of Eftau. Burrough, in the County of Leicester, for raising the Portions of Henry Barne, and Alice Barne the younger.

Children of John Barne, deceased, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for veiling a Messuage and Tenement in Rock- Viccary'* bear, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of John Estate. Viccary, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts charged thereon, and for Maintenance of his Widow and Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of her Majesty's Justices of Peace for the Duties County of Suffolk, met in Quarter Sessions at Beckles, Coals at was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Yarmouth, that several Differences have lately arilen between the County of Suffolk and the Corporation of Great Yarmouth, touching certain Rates, which the said Corporation have received of Unfreemen, upon their importing Coals into their Port, above wiiat the Frecmeen pay; which Differences are agreed: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, and ascertaining, the said Rates, to be paid by the Unfreemen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Edmund Bacon, the Earl of Dyfert, Mr. Townsend, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Pocklington (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable John an Infant, not-

withstanding his Infancy, to renew a Lease of the Par-Ibnage of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln; and the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rich. Holford, and Mr. Pitt.

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying a Defect, by the Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smalman, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provisions more effectual for such younger Children, with an Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and in Hatherjedge and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Estate of Christopher Pegge, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor, and Estate, of and in Beaucliffe and Strawberry Lee, in the same County, for raising Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Annesley, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Wm.Courtney, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Archer, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Wortley, Sir Fra. Child', and all for the Counties of Derby, and Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 15.

An ingrossed Bill to impower Tho. Cary and George importing Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder certain of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, con- French traded for before the first Day of January, 1704, was '"ine*' read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to impower Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the first Day of January, 1704.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Alexander Skeene, Esquire, was presented i/Amaao* to the House, and read; setting forth, that a French Ship. Privateer, called the L'Amazon, Burthen 230 Tons, was taken by her Majesty's Ship the Weymouth, about the 17th of August last, and condemned at Barbadoes, as lawful Prize, was there bought by the Petitioner, by Inch of Candle, and is now, with her Lading, in her Way to London: But some Doubts arising whether the said Ship will not incur the Penalties of the Act 7* et 8"

Willielmi III. for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade; the Petitioner prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Ship free, and for landing all her Cargo, as any other English Ship might, paying the Customs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Margaret and Mary Molloy, was pre- MolVy'* lented to the House and read; setting forth, that the last Ei'ut*. Parliament they petitioned this House, but by the hidden Prorogation, the Petitioners made but little Progress therein: That Charles Molloy, the Petitioners Grandfather, was seised in Fee of a confiJerabie Estate

in

Army Debt.

New Rosse Wool Port.

Committee of Privileges.

Newfoundland, &c» Trade.

Salmon

Preservation.

Call of the Hoofe.

Clandestine Trade with Turkey.

ioo 190 Januarit. 1705.

in Ireland, and becoming iunatick in 166a, one Conley Geogegan prevailed upon him, by unfair Practices, to settle his Estate on him, to the Prejudice of his Son Charles, the Petitioners Father, who was then Governor of Tangier: That Charles, the Son, returning, his Father afterwards recovering his Senses, declared, he knew nothing of Geoghegan's Settlement, and made his Will,

and devised his Estate to his Son; who possessed it, and died seised of it in 1678, leaving Issue Arthur, and the Petitioners: That Arthur enjoyed it till 1696, when he died without Issue, and the Petitioners, as Coheirs, until the Trustees, for Sale of the Irish Forfeitures, fold the feme, on Pretence it was forfeited by the Attainder of one Charles Geoghegan, who pretended a Title under the said Settlement, though never possessed thereof: That the Petitioners claimed the said Estate before the said Trustees, and proved all the Matters aforesaid; but their Claim was disallowed, upon a Nicety in Law, that the Petitioners, not being Privies in Blood to the said Charles, their Grandfather, could not be admitted to avoid it for Infenity; which Opinion is disallowed by the ablest Lawyers: And praying, that their same may be examined and considered, and they relieved, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Let lice Grace is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Sir Stephen , Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esquire, for the Sum of £. 1,482, us. 8 was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Amejley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Town of New Rojfe, in the County of Wexford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from hearing any more Causes, touching Elections, than Four, after the Cause, touching the Election for the Borough of Leicester, now depending, is determined,

Mr. Rlathwait, from the Commissioners of Trade, presented to the House, their Answer, pursuant to the Order of the aift Day of December last, with relation to the Trade with Newfoundland, and the Western Islands.

Ordered, That the said Answer be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Members, appointed to prepare a Bill for the better Preservation, and Increase, of Salmon Fish, do restrain the feme to the Rivers within the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of divers Merchants, trading to the neutral Ports of Italy, on behalf of themselves, and all Merchants driving that Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Petition is presented to this House by the Governor *7

and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, complaining, that by virtue of a Clause in the Act of Navigation, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, which permits the Importation of any Commodities from the Levant Seas, to be laden from the usual Places of lading within those Seas, though the Commodities be not of the growth of those Places; and that, by Means thereof, Turkey Goods, taken as Prize by the French, and those of French Importation from Acts, are brought from Italy hither, to the Dif-

couragement of the Levant Trade: That the Petitioners find by the Votes, that the said Petition is ordered to be considered in a Committee of the whole Hcul'e this 19th Instant: That the Trade to the neutral Ports of Italy, particularly the Duke of Tuscan Dominions, is much more advantageous to England, than the Levant Trade, and far greater Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures, and other Products, of this Kingdom, are sent to Italy, than to Turkey, and Ten times the Number of Shipping employed in that Trade: And praying, that they may be heard, before the said Committee come to any Resolution on the said Petition of the Levant Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Iloul'e, to whom the Petition of the Lev Company is referred.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for the Borough of Huntington, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, that this Iloufe will, upon this day Seven-night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Levant Company.

Ordered, That the Merchants be heard before the said Committee, upon their feid Petitions.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a Number of Officers fitting in Parliament, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onfow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onfoyo reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, (after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Address, Returning the Thanks of this House for her Majesty's gracious Message, and her tender Regard for the Privileges of the House; and desiring, that she would be pleased to give Order for the further Examination into the Authors of the Libel, mentioned in the said Message, having been presented to her Majesty; hjr Majesty received the feme very graciously, and commanded him to return this Answer; viz.

That her Majesty is glad-, to find this House express so much Resentment against the Libel, mentioned it» her Message; and takes very kindly the Confidence this House reposes in her, which lhe will make the best ule of, for the Advantage of the Publick.

And then the House adjourned til! Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Iluntingtoa

Borough

Llectiou.

Clandestine 'J rude with Turkey.

Limiting O luce rs in the iloule*

Security of Queen's Person, an& Protestanl Successjo*.

Answer 4# Addr-ef*.

4 Ann.

ioi

2i° Januarii.

Luna, 21* Januarii;

Anno 4° Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Prayers.

Baldwyn's A BILL for veiling Part of the real Estate of Ralph Estate. Baldwyn In Trustees, for a Provision for his younger

Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulating

Nightly

Watch.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Domngton's A Petition of Edward Dorrington was presented to the Estate. House, and read , setting forth, that the Petitioner's Grandfather, Francis Dordid, by his last Will, give all that his Messuage and Lands, called Sidney, in the Parish of Alfold, in the County of of about

£. 98 per Annum Value, unto the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, Remainder to the Petitioners Brothers John and Richard, and their Issue Male, Remainder to his Son Francis, for Life, Remainder to his own right Heirs, subject to a Rent-charge of £. 50 per thereby given

to his Daughter Mary, for her Life: That the said Estate will little more than pay the said Rent-charge, Taxes, and Repairs; and the Petitioner having no other Estate, he has, for his Brother John and Uncle Francis' Support, contracted divers Debts, which he is unable to pay, but by Sale of the said Premises: That the said John, Richard, and the Petitioner, having no Issue, they and the said Francis, have agreed to fell the said Estate, for Payment of their Debts: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Parton Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Harbour, whom the Petitions, relating to Parton Harbour, were referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Chester A Bill for repairing the Highways between Whitchurch, Roads. jn County of Salop, and the City of Chester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Salmon The Lord William Rowlett (according to Order) pre-Preservation. -fentec} to the House, a Bill for the Increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the County of Southamptonj and the same was received.

Gower's A Bill for veiling the Freehold, as well as Copyhold, Estate. Estate of ‘Thomas Gozver, of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder on his Two Daughters, who are Infants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

AbbingWs A Bill for velting certain Terms, for Forty Years, in Estate. Trustees, which were granted by John Abbington, Esquire, deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein mentioned, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abbington, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Revenues, Mr. Lowndes (according to to Order) presented to the Taxes, &c. House, An Abstract of the Accounts of the Revenues of the Crown, Taxes, and Moneys borrowed, from Michaelmas 1703, to Michaelmas 1704.

And the Title was read.

The said Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vo L. 15.

A Petition of Margaret, Ann, and Grace, - Irirti forfeited

villef was presented to the House, and read; setting Estates-forth, that their Father was seised in Fee of an Estate in Ireland, of £. 700 per Annum, and, he being entitled to the Benefit of the Articles of Limerick, claimed the fame, and, upon Three several Hearings before the Lords Justices and Privy Council of Ireland, he was adjudged to have the Benefit of those Articles, and to be restored to his Estate; notwithstanding which, he was kept out of his Estate, until he died, by the Earl of Albemarle, who had a Grant of it from his late Majesty; and the Trustees for Sale of the Forfeitures in Ireland, finding the said Estate in the Hands of a Grantee, seized, and fold, it, as a Forfeiture: That, by a Marriage Settlement, 1,400 was well secured on the said Estate, for the Petitioners Portions j but they being advised by their Lawyers, that the said Estate was not forfeited, they "omitted claiming their said Portions before the said Trustees, whereby they are now reduced to great Want: And praying the House to take their deplorable same into Consideration, and grant them some Relief, for their Subsistence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lettice Grace is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, Sands' made by John Sands, Esquire, which is descended to the Estate. Daughters, and Coheirs, of John Pargiter, deceased, who are Infants, out ol such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Newfound-Merchants, of the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of *and Trad#* Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners having for some Years pall been insulted by the French in Newfoundland, and by their Instigations daily persecuted in the small Remains there by the neighbouring Indians* to the almost intire Loss of our Trade there, which has been allowed, amidst the Cavils about foreign Trade to be of the greatest Importance to this Kingdom j that the Petitioners cannot, but with the deepest Concern, refled upon the sinking Credit, of the said Town, when, in its highest Repute, could have furnished the Crown with a Thousand Seamen, and now is reduced almost to an inland Poverty, both in respect to Mariners, and Wealth: They therefore pray, that the House will not be unmindful of so near a Concern, as the said Trade, by enabling her Majesty to dislodge the French, and give Repose to that dillrefled Part of her Dominions.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Answer of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, presented to the House on Saturday last, be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of several Maltsters, and Persons trading in Malt Duties. Malt, in Christ-church-twineham, and Lymington, in the County of Southampton, and Places adjacent, and also of the Maltsters, and Persons trading in Malt, in the Town and County of Poole, in the County of Dorset, on behalf of themselves, and others, trading in Malt Coastways from Port to Port, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that by a Clause in an Act, made 13°*/ xefWillielmi tertii, for laying Duties upon Malt,&r. there is a Drawback allowed for all such Malt, as has paid the Duty, and shall perish, as it is carrying Coastwise from Port to Port: That the said Act being made in Time of Peace, there was no Provision made for Malt taken by the Enemy, carrying Coastways; whereby the Petitioners have been great Losers: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706, not only for a Drawback for all Malt, as shall be taken by the Enemy, going Coastways, but also for such, as has been already so loft.

C c Ordered,

Earl of

Kingdoms

Mate.

Public Debt.

Ways and Means.

io» 2i* Jamarii. A. 1705.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be-referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that IVm. late Lord Marquis of Halifax, having conveyed a House and Gardens, with the Appurtenances, in in the County of Middlesex, whereof he was seised in Fee, to the Use of such Persons, as he should appoint by hi? Will, and he having devised the same to his Executors, for 500 Years, for railing Portions for his Daughters, his Executors fold the said Premises to Francis Stratford, Esquire, for 500 Years, who gave as much as the Inheritance was worth; which the Executors did, by Writing, acknow-lege, and thereby did desire Remainder Persons, after the said Term, to convey the Inheritance of the Premises to Mr. Stratford, his Heirs and Assigns, without any further

Consideration: That the Petitioner hath purchased Mr, Stratford's Interest; and the Executors, and Heirs at at Law, and their Guardians, desire that the Inheritance may be conveyed to the Petitioner; but the Heirs at Law being under Age, the same cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to veil the Inheritance of the Premises in some Person, in Trull for the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Cheine do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Pdul Chamberlain, Doctor of Physick,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner having observed the Burthen of annual Interest, at 5, 6, 7, and 8 /. per Cent, paid for some Millions of Money out of the Exchequer, on several Funds, he has thought on certain Means to pay off the said Debt, as also to prevent the falling under the like unhappy Circumstances for the future:' And praying, that he may be heard, when, and in what Manner, the House shall appoint.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Cldrk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors, granted by an Act of Parliament, in the fifth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for the Term of Sixteen Years, to commence from the 17th Day of May, 1697, and are charged with such Lottery Annuities, as are therein mentioned, for a Term of Years, which will expire at Michaelmas, 1710, be continued, from the Expiration of the said Term granted of the said Duties by the said former Act, for a Term of 95 Years from thence next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Seventy-five thousand Seven hundred Sixty-one Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Two Pence, be raised by the Sale of Annuities, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to commence from Lady-day now next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and the said Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors, granted, or continued, in this Session of Parliament, as those Branches respectively shall commence, and take Place, be charged with the Annuities to be sold, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Excise, granted by the said Act of the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, after the Lottery *5

Annuities, therein mentioned, shall be paid off, or sufficient Money shall be reserved for paying off the fame, shall be applied towards the Payment of the Annuities now to be purchased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lb much Money, as, over and above the Produce of the said additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, shall be necessary to discharge the Annuities to be purchased, as aforesaid, for the first Two Years of the said Term, be raised, and kept in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and issued from time to time, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, as, by an Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, are continued from the 24th Day of March 1706, be made payable from the 24th Day of March, 1705, until the Commencement of the said former Act, for the Uses and Purposes in that Act expressed.

The laid llesolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no more Petitions this Session of Parliament, for private Bills, after Fhurfday next.

Ordered, That the hearing the Matter upon the Petition of Daniel Blake, and others, Creditors of the late Lord Lovelace, deceased, as also of Esquire,

and others, which is ordered to be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections Tomorrow irr the Afternoon, be put off until LhurfJay next, in the Afternoon.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions, relating to publick Mournings, are referred, be now received;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon fhvrfday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Private Bill*.

Committee of Privileges*

Public

Mourning^.

Supply Rill; Malt Duties.

Security of Queens Person, and Protestant Succession.

Committees.

4 Ann 22" Januarii.

103

Mart is, 2 2° die;

Anno 4° Ann* Regin*, 1705.

Prayers.

Raw's Estate. A BILL for veiling certain Messuages and Lands, in ±\. the Counties of Devon and of Nicholas

Row, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts, was rpad the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ilorfley's A Petition of ljahel , Sifter of John

Estate. Gf MilburnGrange, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting. forth, that, about 18 Years ago, the Petitioner's Grandmother did devise to the Petitioner £.120, due to her as Arrears of Rent, out of an Estate, called Newham, to be paid her at her Age of 21, or Day of Marriage: That Geo. Horsley, the Petitioner's Father, did also bequeath to her, about ao Years since, the Sum of aoo, to be paid her in like Manner: That Newham, and other the Estate of the Petitioner's Father, of about 300 per Annum, delcended to John Horsley, the Petitioner's Brother, who also received the said £. 1 ao of the Executors of the Petitioner's Grandmother, for the Petitioner's Ule, which he ought to have paid her, and also the said £.200. four Years ago, when she came at Age; but he refuses to do it, and about three Years since turned her out of Doors, without Cloaths, or Money; since when the Petitioner must have starved, had it not been for the Charity of her other Relations, and Friends: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, for the Sale of Nezvbam, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the Estate of John Horsley, and Jane his Wife, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, may not pass, till there beaClause inserted for the Pptitioner's Relief, file having no other Way to attain the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Army A Petition of Matthew de , Major in the

Arrears. Regiment commanded by Brigadier General Belcastle, and Major of a Brigade to the said General, and Philip de Fillarnous, Major of a Brigade to Sir Charles Hara, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1697 the Petitioners served in the said Polls, as appears by the Register Book, kept by the Earl of Rane-lagh, late Pay mailer-general: That hi? late Majesty granted his Warrants, for Payment of what was due to them; whereupon they made their Application to the said Earl, whole Answei' was, that he had no Money in his Hands; and the Petitioners are Hill in Arrears, though moll others in the same Service have been paid: And praying, that they may be relieved, and paid what is due to them upon the said Warrants.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner is referred.

Whitley's A Petition of Morgan Whitley, Gentleman, was pre-Debt to the fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Crown. Petitioner w^s Receiver-general of the Taxes for Chester and North Wales, from 1689 to 1699, and had the Misfortune to lose many Thousand Pounds, by Returns of Money, by the old Coin, by the sudden Fall of Guineas, and by Agents at London, and Deputies in the Country j by reason whereof, he became greatly in Arrear to the Crown, for which he has been imprisoned in Newgate near Six Years: That there was, at the time of his Confinement, due to him from the Country, and Sub-collectors, very considerable Sums of Money, much whereof is loft by his long Confinement; and Liberty of his Person would save great Part of the Residue, which shall go towards Satisfaction of his Debt to the Crown; Vot. 15.

which, he hopes, will be thought more beneficial to the Publick, that his Imprisonment, which tends to the Petitioners utter Ruin: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner for the Debt owing by him to the Crown, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Cox and Mr. Majon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Burgesses, Paflkge into Grand Jury, Inhabitants, and Traders, of the City of ^ew Palac* Westminster, and Liberties thereof, was presented to the *ard‘ House, and read; setting forth, that the House of Lords have several times taken notice of the Straitness of the Passage to Westminster, and the frequent Stops thereto, and have issued their Orders to the Officers within the said City, to prevent that Inconvenience, and keep open the Passages; but the same cannot effectually be done, by reason of the Narrowness of the Gatehouse, that leads from King-street into the New Palace Yard: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pulling down the Gatehouse, to enlarge the said Passage, so as two Coaches may pass without Inconveience, and that Satisfaction may be made to the Owner thereof, for his Interest therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do peepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they do provide in the Bill, for the better paving the Streets between Charing-cross and Westminster-hall,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Mailers, Clothiers, and Newfound-Inhabitants of the ancient Clothing Town of Lnd Trade,

in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Trade to Newfoundland was of greatest Advantage to England, whilst we were in the Possession thereof, many Hundreds of Ships being therein employed, and Thousands of Sailors yearly bred thereby, and the Royal Navy then manned with less Difficulty, than of late Years: That, during the Prolperity of that Trade, great Quantities of our Woollen Manufactures were exported thither yearly, the Returns whereof was chiefly Money, and Bullion: That of late Years the French have possessed the greatest Part of the said Island, and the bell fishing Ground, where the Fish comes sooner, than where the English fish; whereby, in Time of Peace, they forestall the Markets; and by this Means they have increased their Navigation to that Degree, as to enable the French to man out such Fleets, as none of their Predecessors ever did, having above 700 Ships yearly employed in that Fishery, to the almost utter Lois of our Trade there: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, that such Provision may be made, as may oppress the French in this advantageous Trade, and restore the English to the Advantages they once reaped thereby.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Answer of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Newfoundland Trade, shall be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Com- Duties on monalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common-council Coals at assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Yarmouth. setting forth, that

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, a Bill having been already ordered to be brought in for the' Purpose aforesaid.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in 1 °* the County of Norfolk, in Common-council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Corporation have from time to time received of all Persons, not free of the lame, importing Coals there, divers Duties, over and above what the Freemen pay; x

upon

i°4

22° Januarii.

A. 1705.

upon which, divers Differences have lately arisen betwixt the said Corporation, and the City of Norwich, and Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, touching paying those Duties; for the regulating whereof they are lately come to an Agreement: Arid praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, and ascertaining, the said Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen Importers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, a Bill having been already ordered to be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid.

t """V Sir Robert Dovers(according to Order) presented the ig t- 0 e. pjou(^ a gjj| for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of to rebuild

the Light-house on the Edijione Rock; and the same was received

L'Amazone Mr. Vincent (according to Order) presented to the Ship. House, a Bill to make the Ship taken, and

condemned as a Prize, and fold in the Island of free; and the same was received.

Lord A Petition of Richard Lord Bulk ley, Viscount,

Caihell's in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, ate' and read; letting forth, that, upon the Settlement, made on the Petitioner's Marriage, Part of his Estate in Clieshire was made subject to raise £. 2,000 to be paid within Two Years after his Father's Death, as he should by Deed or Will appoint: That his Father, by Deed, made such Appointment: That in the said Marriage Settlement there is a Power given to the Petitioner to lease the Estate, so charged, for Life or Lives, at the ancient and accustomed Rents; and he is also seised of other Lands, lying near to, and adjoining, the Lands, charged wirh the saidj£. 2,000; and, in case the Petitioner's Power of leafing were not retrained to the L-ands, so charged, the said £. 2,000 might be raised without any Mortgage, or Sale, and the Trust performed to the Satisfaction of all Parties concerned, who are consenting the reunto; and it will also be for the Benefit of the said Estate: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Petitioner's Power of leafing his Estate in,

for Performance and Satisfaction of a Trust, charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Lombard's A Bill for the more effectual alluring of Part of the Estate. Lands of Inheritance of and Thomas Lombard, in

the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for alluring, in lieu of other Part thereof, other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lewther, Mr. England, Sir Robert Dovers Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Pitfield, Sir John Kay, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Jof Tredenham, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. MonSlon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Chafe, Mr. , Mr. Squire; and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, to attend the Interment of a near Relation.

Irish forfeited Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Estates. whom the Petition of Lettice Grace is referred, be made upon Saturday next, at One a Clock.

Relief of A Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers,

Dr,°S* and private Soldiers, of the Lord Drogheda's, and Colonel hedas. See, , t — n -

Regiments. Coots Regiments, was read the First time.

6 Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Parton Mr. Southwell (according to Order) reported from the Harbour. Committee, to whom the Petitions, relating to Parton

Harbour, were referred the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be now proceeded upon;

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Public next, take into Consideration the Accounts of the ^"ebts Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

The House was (according to Order) called over; Call of the and such, as did not appear, were noted down: And House‘ afterwards their Names were called over a Second time; and several of them were excused, in ‘regard of their being ill, some in Town, and some in the Country; and others were entered down, as making Default.

Ordered, That the Names of the Defaulters be called over again upon Thursday next come-seven-night; and that such of them, as shall not attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the House be called over again upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Huntington Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as Borough it appeared, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Huntington, and the Resolutions, of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of John Pedley, Esquire, and of the Mayor, and divers Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Huntington, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir Baronet, to serve for the said Borough; and also upon the Petition of John Negus, late Mayor, and several other Burgesses, complaining of an undue Election," and Return, of Edi Hartley, Esquire, to serve for the said Borough:

That the Petitioner's Counsel alleged, that the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses; and the same was admitted by the other Side.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were.

For Sir John Cotton - - - 73.

For Mr. Wortley - - - - 73.

For the Petitioner - - - - 64.

That the Points, the Petitioner's Counsel went upon, were two; viz. Bribery, and Treating; and by the first, they alleged, they should disqualify so many of Sir John

Cotton's Voters, as would leave the Petitioner, Mr. Pedley, a great Majority.

That, as to the Bribery, the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses:

Geo. Sexton laid, that at the latter End of April, or the Beginning of May, he was present, when Mr. Christopher Bray came into Mr. Wheat ly's Wine-cellar, and told Mr. Wheatly, that he, and the rest of the Burgesses, that should vote for Sir John Cotton, should have a Guinea a-piece: And further, that he was present, when Sir John Cotton defiied Thomas HodcPs Vote; and Hodd telling Sir John Colton, he could not vote for him, Sir John Cotton gave Hodd a Guinea, and then Hodd promised Sir John Cotton his Vote.

Geo. Sexton, Wm. Beard, and James Taylor, gave Evidence, that 26 Persons, who had given single Votes for Sir John Cotton, had acknowleged themselves to have received a Guinea a-piece: And Wm. Beard and James Taylor, amongst the rest, said, that they had themselves received a Guinea each of the said Mr. Bray, to drink Sir John Cotton's Health: And Taylor said, he

believed.

4 Ann. a 2° Januarit. 105

believed, he had seen a Guinea a-piece given to 20 several Persons; which were generally given to drink Sir John Cotton's Health.

That Witnesses also spoke to other Fasts.

Edward Vincent gave an Account, that a very poor Man had £. 10 lent him upon his Bond, Mr.

and Mr. Bray being present, and the Bond delivered to Mr. Bray-, and that Henry offered him, the said Mr. Vincent, seven Guineas, to sign the Petition against Mr. Wortley.

Dorothy Baylor, said, the received 40 s. of Mrs buck, now M«s. Cooky that keeps the Crown Inn, for her Husband's Vote, for Sir John Cotton j and her Husband had a Guinea besides; and three Days before the Election her Husband had fix Guineas offered him, to give his-second Vote for Sir John Cotton.

Joel Taylor, Husband of Do, being called, denied,

that he had received more than a Guinea; but said, Mr. Bray promised him fix Guineas, ,if he would give his last Vote for Sir John Cottonand that it was about three Weeks before the Election.

And Vincent said, that the Burgesses were treated with Drink, and Tobacco, on the Election Day.

In Answer to which Evidence, Sir John Cotton's Counsel insisted, that Sir John was a Person of a considerable Family and Estate in the County, and had an Invitation from many of the Burgesses to stand. They acknowleged the Distribution of several Guineas to everal of the Burgesses; but said, it was only an Act of Sir John's Charity and Generosity, of which some poor Women, as well as Men, that had no Votes, and others, that voted against Sir John, as well as those, that voted for him, did participate.

That, as to Sir John's being invited, they called

Robert Mackworth, Henry; who said, there

was a Meeting of about 40 Burgesses at the Bull in tington, to consider of a fit Person to represent them in Parliament j and that Mr. Carteret was at first proposed; but having no opportunity to write to him, they pitched upon Sir John Cotton, and desired Mr. Vincent to go to him, and desire him to accept of being their Repre-fentative in Parliament: That Sir John Cotton at first declined (landing; but the next Day Mr. Vincent went again to him, to the Crown Inn, and then he accepted of it: But Mr. Vincent, being examined to that, said, that Mr. Carteret was the only Person pitched upon at the Bull; but owned, that he went to Sir John , to invite him to stand; but laid, it was only from himself.

Then some Witnesses were called, to prove Bribery and Corruption by Mr. Wortley, and Mr.

Mary Johnson gave an Account, that her Husband, that is now dead, and voted for Mr. Wortley and Mr. Pedley, had f. 15 for his Votes, as he told her, from Mr. Pocklington; £. 3 of which her Husband brought Home, and the remaining £ 12 he said, he left in the Hands of Mr. T urkington, to put out a Boy to be an Apprentice. She said, her Husband was a Labourer, and played on the Fiddle, and had been absent from her several Weeks, part of which Time he was at Kimbleton; and that she was threatened by Mr. Dowfe, the Receiver, if she gave Evidence against Mr. Wortley and Mr. Pedley.

Edward Nicholls said, that John Corbett, three Days after Sir John Cotton had declared he would stand, was (landing at his Door; and Sir John asking him, who he would be for, Corbett answered, he could not tell, for there was a Debt of £. 10 or 15 due from Mr. Wortley, for Drink at a former Election: That afterwards Corbett told Nicholls, Mr. Turk had promised him, he should be paid > and that Corbet voted for Mr. Wortley and Mr. Pedley.

William Woodward said, that having Occasion, four or five Years ago, to borrow 40, he applied himself to Mr. Andrews, an Attorney, who helped him to the Money, without Interest, on Condition, that he would vote for Mr. Wortley, deceased, and Mr. Pedley, and the Mortgage was made accordingly, and he had paid no Interest since the borrowing of the Money.

Vo 1.. 15.

John Clark said, that Mr. Palmer lent him 6 on his Huntington Note, and promised to make it up £.10 if he would ®?r°V8h vote for Mr. Wortley and Mr. Pedley, but he voted for EA*®lon*

Sir John Cotton.

Eliz. Griffith said, one Day (he went to Houchingbrook, to her Husband; and Robin/on, the Gardener, gave her half a Crown for a Razor, her Husband had brought thither; and also gave her three Guineas, to persuade her Husband to vote for Mr. Wortley and Mr. Pedley:

That (he told Robinson at the same Time, (he could not ask her Husband any such Thing.

That the next Day (he carried a Bill of 8 s. 6 d. and received 10/. She said, her Husband voted for Sir John Cotton,

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Refblutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir John Cotton, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntington,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Wortley, alihs Mount ague, E (quire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Huntington.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Pedley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Huntington.

The first and second llesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The third Resolution being read a Second time*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Pedley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Huntington;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for (he Yeas,£^ MfaZ'agut:

Tellers for the Noe,|; } ,8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Huntington, by rafing out the Name of Sir John Colton, Baronet, and inferring, instead thereof, the Name of John Pedley, Esquire.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.^Jj' . j 98-

Tellers for the Noes,}*.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Christopher Bray is guilty of corrupt Practices, in distributing Money, in order to the electing Sir John Cotton, Baronet, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliameilt for the Borough of Huntington.

Ordered, That the said Christopher B be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Vice-chamber- for-lain, Mr. Bertie, Sir Ja. Mount ague,. Sir Humph. Alack- feited Estate*. worth, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Worsley, Sir Jof Tredenham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lett ice Grace is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

D d

'Hamilton*!

Estate.

Huntington

Return

amended.

Debentures on Irish Forfeitures.

Stanhope's

Estate.

Duties on Coals at 'Yarmouth.

Ediftone

Light-house.

Were Pier.

106

13° Jana

A. 1705.

Mercurii, 23* die Januarii;

Anno 4* Anns Regins, 1705,

Prat ers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, a Minor, for Payment of Debts, and for railing Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee-farms, and Leases for Lives, during his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of

Huntington.

A Petition of Colonel Moncall, Lieutenant John Gatford, and Quartermaster Richard on behalf

of themselves, and several other Proprietors of Debentures, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners being abroad in her Majesty's Service, and their Debentures with them, could not get them registered, according to the Direction of an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, the Time, thereby appointed, being elapsed, before the Petitioners had any Knowlege thereof: And praying, that the Time may be enlarged, for registering their said Debentures.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Time for registering Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland j and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the Sale of Lands in the County of late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Whitcbcott, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Mr. Banks,

Mr. Ma/on, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Chambers, Mr. B amt on. Sir Henry Colt,

Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Harvey, Mr. -hagh, Mr. York, M r. England; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl of Dyfert (according to Order) presented to

the House, a Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Rates to be paid by Unfreemen, Importers of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Tarmouth; and the same was received.

A Bill for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house

on the Edystone Rock, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, of the City of Durham, and Borough of From-welgate, and of the Dean and Chapter of , and

of several of the Inhabitants of the said City, and Borough, and of the Town and Borough of Sunderland, near to the Sea, in the County of Durham, for and on the behalf of themselves, and of the other inhabitants of the said City, Town, and County, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners have well considered the Advantages, that would redound to the said County, and the Publick in general, if one or more Pieros Piers were built at the Mouth of the River Were, into the Sea* and that the Port of Sunderland, thereto adjoining, were kept clean, and improved, as it might be, and that the said River were made navigable up to the said City; whereby a great Revenue would yearly arise to her Majesty, a settled Nursery for Seamen erected, and Trade in general increased: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the good Ends aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers, Sir Henry Bellafys, Sir Robert Eden, and Sir Wm. Bowes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Recruiting the better recruiting her Majesty's Army an- Marines; Lan<* and that Mr. St. John and the Lord Coningsby do pre- orces‘ pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishing continuing the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, *u*,ny "d and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the eeri Army, and Quarters; and that Lieutenant-General Earle and Mr. Moor do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Henry Jones, Esquire, was presented to WTiitfand the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon an Address ®ay Har' of this House, the last Session of Parliament, to her bour' c‘ Majesty, praying, that a Survey, and Estimate, might be made of Whitfand Bay, and Por-de-nac Point, nigh the Land's End, for making a Harbour and Light-house there, a Report, and Estimate, hath been given into this House, and the House hath appointed to take the same into Consideration: And praying, that the Petitioner may have Leave to put in an Answer thereunto, and that it may be taken into Consideration at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Importing next, take into Consideration the Clause in the Act of Wines. Parliament, which prohibits the Importation of Wines.

A Petition of William Gomeldon, Esquire, was pre- Gomeldon's fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon Ertate* the Petitioner's Marriage, Tho. Gomeldon, Esquire, being seised in Fee of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Kent, of about £. 1,019 per Annum, did settle the same upon the Petitioner, in Tail Male,

Remainder to himself in Fee: That the Petitioner hath no Issue, and Tho. Gomeldon is dead, having made his Will, and disposed of his said contingent Reversion in Fee to divers Uses, as therein mentioned: That, before the said Settlement, there was a Mortgage for £.1,000 upon Part of the settled Estate, which will be of great Prejudice to the said Estate; unless a Sale of that Part can be made; which cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to fell that Part of the Estate, under £. too per Annum, as is mortgaged, in order to pay off the Debt thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Jefjop do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. '

Mr. Skipon reported from the Committee, to whom Stour the Bill for making the River Stour navigable from, the Navigation. Town of Maningtree, in the County of to the

Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be proceeded upon Tomorrow Morning.

Sir George Beaumont (according to Order) presented Farmer'* to the House, a Bill to enable John Farmer to fell a Ertau. Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Cu/ey, in the County of Leicester, and for making a further Settlement of other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; and the same was received.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Town and Corporation of in the Wool Port.

County of Devon, and otiier the Inhabitants and Traders of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House,

24 for

Incrtafe of Seamen*

Regulating

nightly

Watch.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties*

Parton

Harbour.

Committees.

Irish Foi>-feited Estates.

Tomkins' Debt to the Crown.

4 Ann. 23® — 24 107

for making the Town of New in the County of Wexford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom: That New Rojfe is an inconsiderable Place of Trade, all the Merchants therein (except one) Papists, and most Officers in the late King James's . That, under the Umbrage of a free Port, all the Popish Farmers, and Wool Merchants, thereabouts, will have a fair Opportunity to trade with France, having been, before it was (hut up by Act

of Parliament, notoriously accused thereof, and on good Grounds suspected to drive a smuggling Trade all the War: That there is no Need of opening any more Ports in Ireland, nor can they be any Advantage to England, all

the Ports in the West being glutted with Irish Wool: That this Port will open so wide a Gap for a dangerous Correspondence with France, that it will be. Prejudice to all the Clothiers in England: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Bill by Counsel.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Coun-fel, upon the said Petition, at the Bar of this House, upon Tomorrow Seven-night.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet; and for making a Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be flain, or drowned in her Majesty's Service j and for the Support of Trade: And that Sir Cloudjly Sbovell, Sir John Jennings, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Geo. Byng, Mr. Churchill, Sir Stafford Fairborn, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Pagitt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they have Power, by the said Bill, to repeal, or alter, such Acts, as were made for the Encouragement of the Navy, and have proved ineffectual, or inconvenient.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, be read a Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions, relating to Parton Harbour, were referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden, Mr. , Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Dunch, Lord Powlett, Mr. Evelyn, Mr.

Whitchcott, Mr. Dryde, Mr. Thompson, Mr. hagh, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Hutchinson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lettice Grace is referred.

And then the House adjourned till' Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

yovisy 2 40 die ;r

Anno 4® Ann® Regina, 1705. Prayirs.

A PETITION of Thomas Tomkins, Citizen,.and late Merchant of London, was presented to the Vol. 15.

House and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner hath* for about 17 Years past, been a Trader in, and imported great Quantities of Wines, and hath also exported great Quantities of Woollen Manufactures, and paid above* £.30,000 for Customs: That by Losses at Sea, and by the Enemy, Correspondents abroad, and by the breaking of Vintners, and others, at home, he is reduced so low, that Extents have issued against him, and his Security, to their Ruin, himself imprisoned near a Year in the Queen's Bench, and yet is indebted, by Bonds, for Customs, which he and his Sureties are no ways able to pay, although ih and since the Year 1700 he hath paid of those Bonds above £.8,000. And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord HighTrea-lurer to compound with the Petitioner, and his Sureties, . for the Debt owing to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Annejley, and Mr. Hysham, do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

A Petition of Morris Gulston, Esquire, was presented Gulfton'« to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir William E^ate' Guljion, the Petitioner's Father, did, by his daft Will,

five Portions to his Daughters, which the Petitioner's Iftate in Kent and Norfolk is thereby made liable to, and also to the Payment of Sir William's Debts: That the said Estate being subject to several Trusts, no Purchaser will buy the fame, but under an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for railing his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Brewer and Sir James'Etheridge do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

A Petition of Francis Clyes was presented to the House, Clyes* Debt and read; setting forth, that in 1701 the Petitioner be- to hie Crown, came bound to her Majesty, in Three several Bonds, with and for Wm. Penneck, late of Exon, Merchant, foe the Duties on some Tobaccoes: That Penneck was a great Dealer for many Years before, and constantly paid the Customs; but. since 1701 he has had great Losses by the Enemy, and otherwise, whereby he is utterly ruined, and incapable to pay any Part of the said Bonds, and the Petitioner is unable to pay the whole, and, if not compounded, it will be to his Ruin: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner for the said Debt, due to her Majesty upon the said Bonds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Borlace and Mr. Northmore do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Cheine (according to Order) presented to the Earl of House, a Bill for veiling the Inheritance of a Messuage Kingston'* and Gardens in AElon, in the County of Middlesex, pur- Estate* chafed by the Right honourable Evelyn, Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in some Person, in Trull for his Lordship, and his Heirs; and the same was received.

A Petition of John La Coudrier, Aid de Camp to his Anny Grace the Duke of Ormond, and Paul Gendrault and Arrears. Lewis Boifragon, late Aid du Camps to Monsieur verquerque, was offered to the House; for Satisfaction of their Pay, for which they had his late Majesty's #

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Company, of Practice of Chirurgeons, in London, was presented to the House, and Surgery, read; letting forth, that by the lgnornance of the vail numbers of persons in the Science of Surgery, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, many- Mischiefs

daily

io8 24° Januarii. A. 1705.

daily happen, to the Loss of Life and Limb: That by the permission of such unskilful Persons topra&ife Surgery, her Majesty's Navy and Army are not so well provided, as they ought to be, to the Loss of many able Seamen and Soldiers: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Pradt ice of Surgery in and about London and and the better

providing her Majesty's Fleet, and Army, with skilful Surgeons.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcott and the Lord Coningsby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Prison, A Petition of Thomas Richard Esquire, on behalf of himself, and others, now or late Prisoners in the Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Officers of the said Prison, and their Agents, exercise an arbitrary Power, and are guilty of many ill P radices, in the Execution of their Offices, not only in relation to the Prisoners, but also to their Creditors; the Remedies whereof being deficient, or impracticable, against; them, in the ordinary Course of the Laws, and the Petitioner, and others, have been assaulted, and highly menaced, to the Danger of their Lives, for attempting Relief thereby: And praying, that the House will cause an Examination of the Premises to be had, and to give such Remedy therein, as shall be thought convenient.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Lord

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Rolls, Mr. , Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Duckett, Mr. ChomleyMr. Mr. Mon-

Jon, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Sir Copley, Sir

Fran. Massam, Mr. Harvey, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr.

Mr. Squire, Sir Wm. Botves, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cox; and all, that l'crve {ox London,

and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to . fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dorrington'* Sir Henry Dutton Celt, (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for Sale of a Messuage, and Lands, called Sidney, in Alford, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of the Debts of Edward Dorrington; and the same was received.

Irith A Petition of Charles O Hara, Gentleman, Admini-

Forfeiture*. strator of Elizabeth, late Countess Dowager of Clan-ear ty, on behalf of himself, and NarciJJits, Lord Arch-bishop of drdmagh. Primate and Metropolitan of all Ireland, the Lord Viscount Sir Arthur

Shaen, Baronet, Benj. , of the City of Dublin,

Goldsmith, and Sixty-two other Protestant Creditors of the said late Countess, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Countess obtained a Judgment, 34 Car. ad, for £.13,653 against the Earl of - Clancarty;but he being attainted of Treason in the late

Reign of King William, his Estate was seized, and (he could have no Benefit of the Judgment: That, after the Reduction of Ireland, Queen Mary, by her Sign manual, dire (ft ed the then Lords Justices of Ireland, to grant the said Estate to the said Countess, until (he should be paid her Demand; but the Lords Justices did not execute the said Orders; and the said Estate was afterwards granted away; soon after which the Countess died, much indebted: That the said Estate being afterwards vested in the Trustees for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, the Petitioner made his Claim to the said Estate, by virtue of the said Judgment, and, on hearing the lame,. refused to allow it, but never entered, or made any Record of, their Disallowance, as the Act, fol. 29, requires, being the only Disallowance not recorded; for which Reason the Petitioner is advised, his Claim is not

legally and fully determined: That the said Judgment is (till unsatisfied, and none of the Creditors can be paid, unless relieved by the House: And praying, that they may be relieved out of the Purchase-money for the said Earl's Estate, yet remaining in the Purchasers Hands, and the Arrears of Rent, and Remainder of the Forfeitures, still undisposed of in Ireland, or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejeifted.

9

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Manor of Barwick Forbes' Hall, and other Lands there, in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing, other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Ber and other

Lands there, in the County of Efex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purenafing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Wcrfey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the capital Messuage, and Wynne'* Other Lands and Tenements, of Foulk Wynne, in the Estate. County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynne, his Son, in Trustees, to the intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled pursuant to Marriage Articles, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, and other Lands and Tenements of Foulk Wynne, in the Count of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynne, his Son, in Trustees, to the intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled pursuant to Marriage Articles.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for Duties on the County of Norfolk, met in Quarter Sessions at the Coals at Castle of Norwich on Yuefday, the 15th Day of January, ^armoutlu *75, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that some Differences having arisen between the said County and the Corporation of Great Yarmouth, touching certain Rates, taken of the Unfreemen of the said Corporation, upon Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Yarmouth, more than the Freemen pay, the said Parties are come to certain Agreements, for regulating those Matters: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and ascertaining the said Rates, to be paid by the Unfreemen Importers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Rates, t,o be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, be read.

A Petition of Mark Anthony Valogne, in behalf of him- Army self, and other Officers of the Three French Regiments, Ajtmu-i. commanded by Major General La Meloniere, Brigadier-General BelcaJlle, and the Right honourable the Lord Leifort, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there was due to the Petitioners, being 60 in Number, for their Service in the said Regiments from the First of November, 1697, to the 27th August,

1698, the Time they were disbanded, the Sum of £. 4,080 which his late Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign manual, directed the Earl of Ranelagh to pay out of the Extraordinary of War, deduding the reout £. 928. 8 s. which the Petitioners bad received: That the Lord Ra-nelagh, being applied to, fays, he has no Money in his Hands, tofatisty the Petitioners Demands; and they still remain in Arrear, though most others in the same Service have been paid: That the greatest Part of the Petitioners are now ordered by her Majesty to go and serve

his

4 Ann. JaMariu 109

his Catkolick Majesty in Catalonia: And praying* that the House will relieve the Petitioners in- the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Vainer was referred;

It passed in the Negative.

Coinage A Petition of the Provost and Corporation of butiea. Monyets was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners have been a Corporation for above 300 Years, and have made good all Lodes and Waste in the working the Gold and Silver Moneys: That there is no Provision made for Salaries to the Monyers, but, only an Allowance, by the Pound Weight, for what they coin; and notwithstanding the late Coinage of the dipt hammered Mortey, it being done with such Expedition, that the Petitioners were forced to hire above 500 Labourers, who embezzled and stole so much from the Petitioners (being Twenty-one in Number) that they were hard put to it to make good their Waste, and Lodes; and there having been no Coinage of late, several of them are forced to go to Day-labour, and others are reduced to such Straits, that, unless some Allowance be made fjr their Maintenance, they; Corporation must fall to ruin: That the Petitioners have made Application to the Lord Treasurer, for some Provision out of the Coinage Ad; but the same cannot be had, the Money -arising thereby being lo appropriated, that only *£.3,000 per Annum, for Salaries to Officers, Repairs, and Buildings, can be issued, and the rest applicable to no other Lie, than the Payment of the Coinage of Gold and Silver: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer to relieve the Petitioners out of the Money arising by the Coinage Ad, over and above the said 3,000 per Annum, or to relieve the Petitioners in such other Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to dispose of any Sum, not exceeding *£.3,500 per A, out of the Coinage Duties,

for the Uses of the Mint; and that Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Mason do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

St Bridget's, Ordered, That Leave be given to present a Petition L»don, for a Bill for accommodating the Differences between Tythes. the Dean and Chapter of , and their Lessee,

and the Parish of St. Bridget, alias Brides, London, touching the Tythes of the said Panlh, notwithstanding the Order against presenting no more Petitions for private Bills-after this Day; and that no more Petitions for private Bills be admitted- tbisScdlon.

Committee Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Daniel of Privileges. Blake, and ethers, Creditors of the late Lord Lovelace, clecealed, as also of Richard Esquire, and others,

which was appointed to be heard this Afternoon before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be put off until Tuesday next, in the Afternoon.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Malt Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Newfound- The House proceeded (according to Order) to take land, fire. into Consideration the Answer of the Commissioners for

Trade* \ .-r

Trade and Plantations, fclating to the Newfoundland Trade.

And the said Answer was fead.

The said Answer is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of the Trade to Newfoundland, and how the same may be improved;

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Marquis Hartington, Mr. Bialhwait, Mr. King, Mr.

Lord Coningsby, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Dow,//well, Mr.

Ward, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Moor, Sir Rich.

Sir John Jennings, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Rowlett, Mr.

Weflon, Mr. Rolls, Sir Tho. Webjler, Sir Robert DaVers,

Mr. Clayton, Sir Staff. Fairborn, Sir Gilbert Heathcott,

Mr. Aylmer, Sir William AshurJi, Mr. Molesworth, Mr.

Sheppard, iSir Wm. Phippard, Sir Geo. Bing, Mr.

Sir Nich. Morris, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Benson, Mr.

Mr. Fork; and all the Merchants of the House, and all for the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Peport, and the Petitions, which lie upon the Table, relating to the said Trade, be referred to the said Committee.

The House being informed, that there is a Doubs, Committee which are the four Causes, which the Committee of of Privilege*. Privileges and Elections are to hear, besides the Cause, touching the Election for the Borough of Leicester, which is now depending;

Resolved, That the four Causes be upon those Petitions, which complain of the Elections for the Boroughs of Abington, Bevodley, Newcastle under Line, and Bijhtps Castle.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more free and impartial Limiting Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a Officers m Number of Officers fitting in Parliament, be read a the Bouf*. Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Richard Onslow (according to Order) reported security of from the Committee of the wholt House, to whom the Queen's ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Person, and the bettei Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England ift the Protestant Line, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered int at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 3d, L. 32. After " Parliament " insert, " that " has met, and fat."

L. 33. After, " fit " insert " at ."

Press 6. L. 14. After " is" insert, " or shall be."

L. ai. After " being" insert, " natural-born."

L. 37. After " aforesaid " insert " whole Creden- tials shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery,

" and to."

Press 7. L. 8. After "England" insert, " And that,

" if the next Successor shall be minded to revoke, of

alter, her or his Nomination or Appointment, made " as aforesaid, and shall by three Writings, of the same " Tenor, under her or his Hand and Seal, require the " said Instruments.deposited as aforesaid, to be delivered " up to tome Person or Persons, thereby authorized to " receive the same, then, and in such Case, the said Per-

fons, with whom the said Instruments shall be depo- filed, and every of them, and, in case of any of their " Deaths, their ExecutorsorAdministrators, respectively,

" and every other Pei Ion, in whose Custody any of the " laid Instruments ihal| happen to be, shall deliver up " the said Instruments accordingly, and they are hereby " respectively authorized and required so to do; and if any of the said Persons, with whom the said Instru-‘* nrents shall be fq deposited, shall happen to die, or

E e " be

a jo

34* Jamam.

A. *705.

Security of Queen's Person, and Protestant Succession*

be removed from 'their respective-Offices or-Employ- ments, during the Life of her present Majesty, such Person or Persons, and, in case of any of their Deaths, * -their tExecutors or Administrators, respectively, and every other Person, in whose Custody any of the said rinstruments shall happen to be, shall with all conve-:nient:Speed deliver'such'of them, as shall be in his or 44 their Custody, to the Successor or Successors of the *' Person or Persons so dying, or removed, as aforesaid." Pr. 7. J-.. 37. -Leave out " one or more of," and insert ".all."

JL. 49. -After "aforesaid " insert " then."

L. 45. 'Leave out " thereby," and insert hereby." rPrefs 8. L. 18. After " Year" insert " of the Reign." Add Clauses A, and B.

tClause A. " Provided always,-that if any of the afore-(aid seven Offices shall be-in Commission at the time " of such Demise of her Majesty, that then the first: 44 'Commissioner of such respective Commission shall 'be " one of the said Lords Justices of England, and use, " exercise, and execute, all Powers, Authorities, Mattes, and Acts of Government, by this Act vested in the " said Lords Justices of England, according to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample manner, as if such'Office or Offices were in the Hands of a single Person."

Clause B. " And whereas in and by the said Act of " Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King William the 3d, of glorious " Memory (intituled, An Act for the further Limita-.tion of the-.Grown, and better securing the Rights and " Liberties of the Subject) it was, amongst other things, " -enacted, in the Words following, That no Person, who 14 has an Office, -or Place of Profit, under the King, " or receives a Pen Con from f-heCrown, shall be capable " of serving as a Member of the House of Commons; " and it appearing reasonable, that the said recited Clause should be regulated, and altered; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, notwithstanding -the said Act of Parliament, or any thing " therein contained, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Officers of the Crown herein after * mentioned, being duly efeded Knights, Citizens, 44 Burgesses, or Barons of the Cinque Ports, in Parlia-0ment, and to no other Person, having in his own " Name, or in tire Name of any Person -or Persons, in " Trust for him, or for his Benefit, any Office, or Place " of Profit, under the Crown, or any Pension, Salary, " Pay, or Wages, from the Crown (other than Pensions " of Inheritance, or for Life, which have been already " granted) to meet, fit, and vote, in such House of " Commons, as shall meet in Parliament, on the De- mise of her Majesty without KTue, by virtue of this Act, and in all future Parliaments, to be thereafter convened or assembled; that is to (ay. Officers of In- heritance, or for Life absolute, or qttam geste-

44 rint, Justices of the Peace, Officers of Corporations,

" and Officers in the Trained Bands, or Militia, of this Kingdom, for such their Offices only, Treasurer of the Houshold, Comptroller of the Houshold, Cof-M ferer of the Houshold, Vice-chamberlain, Chancel- lor and Ur.der-treasurer of the Exchequer, Two " principal Secretaries of State, King or Queen's first Serjeant at Law, Attorney-general, Solicitor-general, " Commissioners of the Treasury, not exceeding Five, 44 Secretary of the Treasury, Commissioners of the Admiralty, not exceeding Five, Treasurer of the Navy, " Comptroller of the Navy, Secretary of War, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Lieutenant-General " of the Ordnance, General Officers of the Army, " being Natives of England, not exceeding Five, to be " allowed according to their Precedency, Flag-Officers * of the Navy, not exceeding Five, to be allowed according to their Precedency, and other Officers, being sworn iVlembers of the Privy Council, not exceeding Ten, the first sworn to be first preferred: And if, at " the time of the Demise of her Majesty without KTue,

19

* any Person,'being a TJIeniber of the ‘ Hoilfe 6f Commons, which is then to meet in Parliament by virtue of this Act, enjoying any Office, or Place of Profit,

44 under the Crown, other than the Officers before- mentioned, shall, within Ten Days after the Meeting of such Parliament, by Writing, by him subscribs'd 44 and sealed, and by him delivered into the Hands of one of the principal Secretaries of State, resign such his Office to such succeeding King or Queen (Which said Resignation is hereby declared to be effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes) and shall, at his first coming into the House of Commons, so met as aforesaid, declare to the said House of Commons, that he hath made such Resignation; in every such Case, such Person so resigning, and declaring the fame, as afore

44 said, shall not, for and in respect of such Offices, so refsigned, be excluded from fitting and voting in such Parliament. And be it enacted, that in every Cafe,

44 where any Member or Members of the House of Commons shall, by virtue of this Act, be disabled to fit or vote in the House of Commons, then, and in every such Case, without any further Conviction, or other Proceedings against such Member or Members,

44 the Place or Places, for which they, or any of them,

44 were elected, is hereby declared to be void, and a new Writ or Writs shall issue out of the high Court of * Chancery, by Warrant or Warrants from the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, and by Order of the said House, for the Election of a new Member or Members, to serve in the House of Commons in the Place or Places of such Member or Mern- bers, so disabled, to all Intents and Purposes, as it such Member or Members, were naturally dead: And if any Person, disabled by this Act to fit or vote in the House of Commons, shall, at any time after thfc Demise of her Majesty without issue, presume to fit or vote in the House of Commons in Parliament, such.

44 Person, so fitting or voting, shall thereby incur and suffer the same Disabilities, Pain*, and Penalties, as by an Act of Parliament, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d (intituled, A'n Act for the more effectua) preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament) are ordained and in (lifted for fitting in the House of Commons without taking

the Oaths, and fobferibing thfc Declaration, in the said Act mentioned; which Penalties shall bfc incurred, v and recovered, in the same manner, as by the said Act is directed."

The first of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The rest of the said Amendments, to Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quell ion . severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inferring, after the Word Ethefe Words, " or born beyond the Seas of Parents, and having

44 a Freehold Estate in England."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Clause, by leaving out these Words, " incur and suffer the same Disabilities, Pains, and Penalties, as by an Act of Parliament, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in " either House of Parliament) are ordained and inflicted for fitting in the House of Commons without taking the Oaths, and fobferibing the Declaration, in the said Act mentioned; which Penalties shall be incurred,

44 and recovered, in the same manner, as by the said Act is directed and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, 44 become incapable of fitting in the House of Commons, in Parliament, for the Space of Ten Years

4t next

4 Ann- 24', — 45' Januarii.

111

" next after such 'Offence ctttnmit(e<3, nhd shall'ttlfo forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered " by such Person, "as shall sue for the same, by Action * of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no N‘ Essoign,. Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be ** allowed, and only one Imparlance."

And the same was, upon the' Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the (Question being put. That the House do agree With the Comhiittee in the Clause so amended;

The House divided:

The Hoes go forth:

Teilm for the Yeas, . ] >90.

Tdkrs for he Noer,| j 16?-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause'B, so amended, rs, as followeth j " And 'whefeas in and by the said Act of Parliament, " made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the jd, of glorious Memory (intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties * of the Subject) it-was, amongst other things, enacted, in the Words following. That no Person, who has an Office, or Place of Profit, under the Krng, or receives " a Pension from the Crown, shall be caj>able of serving as a Member of the House of Commons; and it appearing, reasonable, that the said recited Clause should " be regulated, and altered; be it therefore enacted by the Aut hority aforesaid, that, notwithstanding the said " Act of Parliament, or any thing therein contained, it " shall and may be lawful to and for the several Officers of the Crown herein after mentioned, being duly " elected Knights, Citizens, BuTgeffe?, or Barons of the Cinque Ports, in Parliament, and to no other Perlbo, havitigin his own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons, in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, any Office, or Place of Profit, under the CroWn, Or any " Pension, Salary, Pay, or Wages, from the Crown (other than Pensions of Inheritance, or for Life, which *c have been already granted) to meet, fit, and Vote, in " such House of Commons, us shall meet in Parliament, on the Demise of her Majesty without Issue, by Virtue '* of this Act, and in all future Parliaments* to be thete- after convened or assembleds that is to say, Officers of " Inheritances or for Life absolute, or qitatn diu fe bene Xl geftermt, Ju Rices of the Peace, Officers of Corporation, and Officers in the Trained Bands* or Militia-, of this " Kingdom, for Fuch their Offices only, Treasurer of " the Houshold, Comptroller of the Houlho'd, Cofferer of the Houthold, Vice-chamberlain, ChanteHor " and Under-treasurer of the Exchequer, Two principal 1‘ Secretaries of State, King or Queen's first Serfeantat V Law, Attorney-general, Solicitor-General, Corilhiusioners of the Treasury, not exceeding Five, Secretary " of the Treasury, Commissioners of the Admiralty, .* not exceeding Five, Treasurer of the Navy* Gotnp- troller of the Navy, Secretary of War, Chancellor of .* the Duchy of Latte after, Lieutenant General of the Ordnance, General Officers of t he Army, being Natives u of England, or born beyond the Seds of " Parents, and having a Freehold Estate in " not exceeding Five* to be allowed according to their " Precedency, Flag Officers of the Navy, not exceeding " Five, to be allowed according to their Precedency and " other Officer*, being (worn Members of the Privy Council, not exceeding Ten, the first sworn to be First preferred: And if, at the Time of the Demise " of her Majesty without Issue, any Person, being 4 " Member of the House of Commons, which is then " to meet in Parliament by virtue of this Act, enjoying " any Office, or Place of Profit, under the Ciown, other than the Officers before mentioned, shall Within ten Days after the Meeting of such Parliament, b^ " Writing, by him subscribed and sealed, and by him udelivered into the Hands of onfc of the principal Secre . Vos,. 15.

u 1 taries 6f State, resign such his'Office to such fuc- Security of k‘ ceeding King or'Queen (which said Resignation is ?i,*cns . hereby declared to be effectual in Law to all Intents protest'ara " and Purposes) and shall, at his first coming into the Suecvision. " House of Commons, so met as aforesaid; declare to " the said House of Commons, that lie hath made such " Resignation; in every such Case, such Persons, foresigning, and declaring the same as aforesaid, shall not, for and in respect of such Offices, io resigned, be " eluded from fitting and voting in such Parliament.

" And be it enacted, that in every Cafe, where any " Member 'or Members of the House of Cothtnons " shall, by virtue of this Act, be disabled to fit or vdte " in the House of Commons, then, and in every (Uch " Cafe, without any further Conviction, or other PfoCeedings against such Member or Members, the Place or Places, for which they, or any of them,

" were elected, is hereby declared to be void, and a new Writ or Writs shall issue out of the high Court " of Chancery, by Warrant or Warrant's from the " Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being,

" and by Order of the said House, for the Election of " anew Member or Members, to serve in the House " of Commons in the Place or Places of such Member " or Members, lo disabled, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Member or Members were naturally dead: And if any Person, disabled by this Act to " fit of vote in the House of Commons, shall, at any " Time after the Demise of her Majesty without Issue, prefufne to fit or vote in the House of Commons in Parliament, such Person, (blitting or voting,

shall thereby become incapable of fitting in the House of Commons, in Parliament, for the Space of ten Years next, after such Offence committed, and thallalfb forfeit the Sum of Eive hundred Pounds, to " be recovered by such Person, as shall sue for the ‘‘ fame, by Actiort of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In for- mation, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager " of Law, shall be allowed, and only one Imparlance/'

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Regents shall not give the Royal Assent to any Act so fepeul the Acts, Which limit the Succession.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought tip; -

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Regents shall not give the Royal Assent to any Acts to repeal the Test to be to the King or Queen.

And the Question being put. That the Clause fee brought upj

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr.|, L* by irtlbrting " or," in order to leave out, M advised Speaking

And the Question being put, That the Word "or" be there infer ted in the Bill j It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was p-oposed to be made to the Bill, Prefs3- L. 32. after the Word " Demise" to in-felt these Words, " that has met, and fat."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

u

a

V inerts, 2 j$° die Januarii;

Anno 4* Annse Reginse, 1705.

Prayers.

ft t) E RED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill CoW* Debt to reftity aMiftakcin, and explain the Act, passed tot e rown the last Session, to hr, power the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for

Thomas

Lord

Castlells*

EftaU.

SUwart*s, &c. Regimental Arrears.

Committees.

Newfoundland, See. Trade.

Horsley's

Ei'tate.

Wat ton at Stone Par-fonage house.

To in kin's Debt to the Crown.

Paflfage into new Palace Yard.

Leave of Absence.

Goulfton's

Estate.

Deane's

Estate.

112 250 Januarii. A. 1705.

Thomas Cobb, Gentlemen, deceased, Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight; and that Mr. Bridges and the Lord Wm. P owlet t do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Bertie (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord Bulkley, Viscount Ca/helis, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

of leafing his Estate, in Chejfor Performance and Satisfaction of his Trull upon the said Estate; and the same was received.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the paying and clearing the Regiments commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier His committed, that they

have Power to receive a Clause, on behalf of the Marine Companies which were at Gibraltar, viz. Colonel Seymour's, the Lord Shannon's, Colonel s, and Colonel Holt's; and that the Committee, to whom the said Bill i6 committed, have Leave to lit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered That the Committee, to whom the Matter relating to the Newfoundland Trade, is referred, do fit de die in diem.

A Petition of Thomas Wilson, an Infant about the Age of Fourteen Y'ears, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father died about Seven Years ago, making his last Will, and John Horsley ont of his Overseers; who has possessed himself of several Goods, to the Value of £. 317 or thereabouts, which were given to the Petitioner, and Horsley refules to p: y the Petitioner, or his Guardian, any Part of the said Sum: That there is a Bill in the House, for the Sale of Newham, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the Estate of John Horsley, and Jane his Wife, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That the Cdnsideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Aningrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory at Watton at Stone, in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House, and Lands of greater Value, lying at Watton at Stone, as aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Annesley (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to impower the Ix>rd High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkins, Citizen, and late Merchant, of London, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty; and the same was received.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt, (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for enlarging the Passage, where the Gatehouse at Westminster is, leading into the Palace Yard there; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas have Leave to go

into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Army Whom the Petition, as well of the Comtniftion as Non. Anw*, commission Officers, and Soldiers, now or late belonging to the Regiment, commanded by the honourable Brigadier Villiers, afterwards by Major-General Leveson, and now by Major-General Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest now in Service in Portugal, was referred, be made upon Monday next, at One a Clock.-

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right I-ord honourable Henry Lord Colerane, and supplying the Want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pagitt (according to Order) presented to the Effective House, a monthly Account of the effective Men on Menonboard board the several Men of War, for the Years 1702, 1703, Men 01" " and 1704.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is, as followeth; viz.

January - Years 1702, 1703, 1704.

- - 24,3+2- 40,297. 40,818.

February - - - 29,832. 43,348. 4I»4,7*

March- - - - 35,409. 44,563- 41,692.

April - - - 43*949- 46,240. 42,348.

May - - - ‘ 46,538- 43,510- 43.075-

June - - - 47,431- 44,473- 43,670.

July - . - - 44.986. 44,063. 43,405.

August - - - - 45,287. 43,9 >8. 40,395.

, September - - 44,91 43,644- 39,869.

October - - - 45,293. 43,875- 39,126.

November - - 43,618. 41,394- 39,228.

December - " 39, 3 9,5 5 39,3 20.

Geo. Churchill, II. Pagett, Clow. Shovel!, R.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Confident "on the Stour Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was committed.

And the Amendments nude by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put the/eupon, one of them disagreed, and the Residue (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed, unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Barges to be marked.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended: And afterwards the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Wharfs, and Warehouses, to be erected.

And the same was twice read, >and afterwards, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bijl, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the rtMr- ?#/> (according to Oder) presented to the GomeWon*

House, a Bill for vesting in Trustees the Estate of MorrisHouse- a BlU to enable ^llham Esquire, to dilate.

Goulston, Esquire, for raising ,his Sifters Portions, and lcl1 a Farm to discharge an Incumbrance upon

Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein men- the fame, and to apply the Residue of the Moneys,

tioned; and the same was received. arlf,nS bY such bale> ,n Payment of the said

Gomeldon s Debts; and the same was received.

A Bill for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Tho. Deane, Mr. Mason (according to Order) presented to the whitl*/* Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Lega- House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Debt to the cies charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to Crown, mentioned; was read the First time. compound with Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-

general

> Parton Harbour.

4 Ann.

general for Ciefier and North , and Part of South Wales; and the same was received.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions, relating to Parton Harbour, were referred.

And the Report was read, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which are, as follow j viz.

First, upon the Petition of Mr. , and others:

Mr. Atkinson said, that he has known Parton Harbour

Seven-and-twenty Years; and that the same is not sufficient for carrying on the Coal Trade thereabouts, by reason there is not sufficient Depth of Water, to carry out and in the larger Ships, and by reason of a Lodge of Rocks, going in; but that the same may be enlarged, and made a better Harbour than Whitehaven, from whence the larger Ships cannot load Coals above four Times in a Year, and is not a sufficient Harbour to receive and dispatch the Shipping, employed in the Coal Trade in those Parts; and that he has gone to to

load Coals, rather than lie at Whitehaven for his Turn, because it would not answer the Charge of lying by so long; and also several of the smaller Vessels, for the same Reasons, have gone from Whitehaven to load at Parton.

That, if Parton Harbour were enlarged, and improved, as he conceives it might, it would much add to the Con-fumption of Coals in those Parts, and be no Prejudice to those exported from Whitehaven, because there is a Vent for as many, as both Places can supply.

That, if Parton were so improved, it would be a Safety for Ships coming from the Westward, the Wind being at South South-east; whereas now they cannot, if the Wind takes them short, reach , but mult

make for Scotland.

That he has loaded from the Rocks at Parton; and that Mr. Fletcher is the reputed Owner of the Salt Works and Rocks there; and never heard, that Sir John Lowther claimed them: And said, there is a small Duty paid to Sir John Lowther for Anchorage at , but none

for Coals, that he knows of.

Mr. Cragg, of Whitehaven, said, that he well knows Parton and Whitehaven: That Parton is a computed Mile from Whitehaven; and that Parton Harbour will hold but Nine or Ten small Ships at a time, of which but Four or Five can load at once, and only at Spring Tides: That he thinks Parton may be so enlarged, as to hold more Ships than Whiteh; and 'tis the general Opinion of the Owners and Mailers of Ships at Whitehaven, that Parton Harbour may be made to carry two Foot deeper Water than Whitehaven; and that it would be a Security to their Shipping in stormy Weather, and an Increase to the Coal Trade.

That there is above 5,000 Chaldrons of Coals now lying at Parton, for want of Shipping to carry them away: That, if Parton Harbour were improved, it would help to supply Ireland with Coals, Whitehaven not being sufficient for that Purpose: but the Scotch do it; for that he has seen 20 or 30 of their Ships employed in the Coal Trade at a time at and that Parton

Coals are 2 s.a Ton better than Scotch Coals, and are also better than Whitehaven Coals; and yet the Exportations from thence are not lessened, since Parton has been a Harbour: And believes, there may be Trade enough for both Places, without a Prejudice to either, but for the Good of the Country.

That there may be 80 or 100 Sail of Ships, that use the Coal Trade at Whitehaven and Workington; and but only the Key Tire can load at a time at Whitehaven, and usually keep their Turns; so that a Ship may lie three or four Months, before {he can load; and, if Parton were enlarged. Ships might make four or five Turns for one, and larger Ships lie there, than at Whitehaven.

That Mr. Fletcher is Lord of the Manor of and, as such, has claimed the Stones, and Salt Pans, between high and low Water Mark at; and Sir

John Lowther never made any Pretence to them; and

Vo 1. 15.

113

that he bought a Steer, to lay his Coals on, of one Tyson, who first bought the same of Mr. Fletcher.

Mr. Millner said, that Parton Harbour lies more safe from the Sea, than Whitehaven; and believes it capable of great Improvements, so as to hold larger Ships, than Whitehaven; and that, if it were so, there might be as many more Coals vended, as are now from

Mr. Airy, Mariner, said, that he has known Parton Harbour near 40 Years; and that the same is not sufficient to receive the Shipping, that might be employed in the Coal Trade there: That the same may be enlarged; and it will much increase the Coal Trade to Ireland, and elsewhere, who are supplied from Scotland.

That Parton Coals are better than Scotch Coals; and therefore the Irish would not buy them, if they could have Parton Coals.

That the Coals, gotten either at Parton, or,

must be shipped, where gotten, because the nearer the Shipping, the less will be the Charge of Carriage.

That Parton is rocky and sandy, and so 'tis at haven; and thinks, the improving Parton Harbour will be of Security for Whitehaven Shipping; for that, on a Southerly Wind, they may reach , when they cannot Whitehaven, but mull run to Scotland.

That Mr. Fletcher is Lord of the Manor of ',

and Owner of the Salt Pans, and Stones, between high and low Water Mark; and that he loaded Stones there near 40 Years ago, and never heard, that Sir John Lowther had any Right to them; but has seen Sir John's, Servants cut the Coal Bags, when they have been set down at low Water: That Sir John has Coals near Parton, from whence he, as well as others, ship them off.

Mr. Brookes said, that, if Parton Harbour should be enlarged, he conceives, it cannot prejudice the Revenue; for, though more Officers be employed, the Duties on Coals will answer the Charge, with advantage to the Publick, an Officer being now there.

Mr. Carnes, Mr. Milner, and Mr. Craggs, laid, the Persons, who have signed the Petition, all live at Whitehaven, and are considerable Merchants, and Owners and Mailers of Ships; and that they have often heard them say, they lay under great Inconveniencies for want of a Harbour at Parton.

And it appeared by a Certificate, signed by many of the Merchants, Mailers and Owners of Ships, at Whitehaven, that 'tis their Requell, that Parton Harbour be enlarged; which, they conceive, will much contribute to the Increase of Navigation, the Benefit of the adjacent Country, and a means of saving many Ships, when lie exposed at Whitehaven to many Dangers.

That, upon the Petition of Sir John Lowther, the Evidence produced, was

Mr. Edward Hall; who said, he had been a Servant to Sir John Lowther 23 Years, and had known Whitehaven Harbour 20 Years; which had been very much enlarged by Sir John Lowther, and the Coal Trade there much increased by his Means: That there is good coming in for Shipping, and safe lying the re, and no Duty paid for Coals, except a small Matter of a Farthing a Ton, for Anchorage, which Sir John offered to take off, if they would pay a Pier Keeper.

That, in time of Peace, there was always more Coal* at Whitehaven, than Dublin, or other Places, would take off; and has known Sir John Lowther take off his Workmen, because he could not fell his Coals fast enough; and believes, there might be feme Hop to the Coal Trade, upon Sir John's railing the Price of them.

That the Shipping don't lie by at Whitehaven for want of Coals, or Conveniency of lading, but for want of a Market for them; for that they may load in four or five Tides, and never knew them to lie by two or three Months at a time.

That the Charge of carrying Coals to the Shipping at Whitehaven is 144/. per Ton, at Parton 12 and that Ships may always go into- Whitehaven Harbour, but into Parton only in fair Weather, and small Shipping; and believes, there is no Anchorage at Parton, because 'tis

F f rocky.

25® Janmrii.

Parton

Harbour!

114 25 'Januarit. A. 1705.

rocky, and but Ten Foot Water there at high Water and 14 Foot at Whitehaven: And that Parton is not capable of being made a good Harbour.

John Thompson, Sailor, laid, that he knows both -ton and Whitehaven Harbours; and believes, Parton cannot be made so good a Harbour, as Whitehaven; for that 'tis all rocky, and the Ground foul, and no Anchorage, and dangerous going in; whereas Whitehaven is a loft sandy Beach, and may safely run a Ship on Ihore there, and go in at any time; but, if it blows a Storm, there is no coming near Parton; yet, he believes, it may be enlarged.

That he has loaded Coals several times at and never staid above six Weeks for his Turn, though he has known fbme flay two Months in War time; and that Shipping may be loaded fad enough at Whitehaven, for that five Tire of Ships may lie there at a time, of iz in a Tire; and he has loaded in the third Tire; and that Whitehaven may be made a very good Harbour, but Parton cannot.

William Soleby, formerly Sir John Lowther' % Groom, — that he knows Whitehaven and Parton Harbours, and thinks Whitehaven a better and larger Harbour, than Parton can be made, which lies more open to the Sea; and knows, that Sir John has put off his Workmen, for want of Sale for his Coals.

Mr. Main and Mr. Waller said, that in 1704 the Commissioners of the Customs sent them, as Surveyors-General into the Country; and they were at Whitehaven, where they observed, the People were clothed with Irish Manufacture; and that they imported there Butter, and other Commodities, contrary to Law: They were also at Parton, and found there a fraudulent Practice of trading with Ireland; and, if it should be made a Harbour, the Queen must be at more Charge for Officers to look after the Customs; and it may open a large back Door, for a Trade there from Ireland; and know not, whether it will be any Advantage to Trade; but the said Commissioners think, there are too many Places for landing of Goods, which gives the greater Opportunity of running the m.

That they have heard, and believe Whitehaven to be a better and more convenient Harbour than , which is rocky, and Whitehaven sandy j but are no Judges, whether Parton be capable of Improvement, or not.

David Hartley, Boatswain of the that he

was born at Whitehaven, and has known the Harbour there 30 Years, and was two Years' Matter of a Ship; and very well knows Parton, which is 14 Foot deep at a top Spring Tide, and Whitehaven 18 Foot: That Parton Harbour is all rocky, and there is no anchoring the re, so must put by it; and many Ships have been spoilt at the Pier; and thinks, it cannot be made a good Harbour.

That Whitehaven is a sandy Harbour; and he has known so much Dispatch in lading the Ships there, that the Pursers have staid behind at Dublin, to fell the Coals; and that Sir John Lowther has sent Coals to the West of Ireland, to be sold, for want of a Market.

That Whitehaven may be made Six Foot deeper than now it is, and may be enlarged, so as to hold 200 Sail of Ships safe, and the bed ary Harbour in as

he believes; and that he never saw any want of Coals there, but might ship more off, if they had a Market for them.

That he never knew Ships lie two or three Months at Whitehaven for Lading, but they generally load in the Niep, to be ready against the Spring Tides, and can load three Ships in two Days at a time; and there are about 50 Sail of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, which usually take their Turns, and cannot well fail without Convoy, which often flays for the Parton Ships, and which, though they are but small, yet cannot get out in many Springs, for want of a sufficient Draught of Water, which cannot be had at; and if Parton were made a Harbour, yet could they not make four or five Voyages to one from Wiutehaven now.

Henry Dixon, a Sailor these 1 a Years, — that he has been a Sailor at Whitehaven and Parton Six or Seven Years; and that Whitehaven is a pretty Place, and a sandy Harbour, and Parton is all rocky, and cannot be made so good a Harbour as Whitehaven, where there is 18 Foot at high Water, and may be deepened Six or Seven Foot; and there is at Parton but 14 Foot, and it cannot be deepened above a Foot more.

That Whitehaven may hold 200 Sail of Ships, and he has loaded there at Six Ships in a Tire at a time; but 10 or 12 may load, if there be Coals and Hands enough.

John Bray, Sailor, laid, that he served his Apprenticeship at Whitehaven, and has been a Sailor 14 Years: That 'tis a sandy Harbour, and Parton rocky, as far as Low-water Mark, and no Anchorage; and he loft a Ship there, and has known Ships overset at Whitehaven; but does not know, whether Parton is capable of being made a Harbour, or not: It may be made deeper about a Foot and half, and Whitehaven five Foot; and that in Stress of Weather he would rather make for Whitehaven, than Parton, the same Wind serving for both Harbours, except it takes them short from the North, and then they cannot fetch Whitehaven.

Roger Brijco said, he knows Whitehaven, and has been

there several times, as a Supercargo from th;

and that the Harbour there may be improved and enlarged.

Mr. Lowther laid, that he has viewed, and taken Draughts of, both the said Harbours; and that Whitehaven is sandy, and Parton rocky, and dangerous to get in, especially at South-weflerly Winds, it lying open; but Whitehaven is safe, and sheltered by a high Hill from those Winds; and 'tis a general Complaint, that Ships suffer thereby at Parton.

That Whitehaven Harbour is large enough for all the Ships employed in the Coal Trade in those Parts, and may be enlarged, to hold 300 Sail, for the doing whereof Sir John Lowther is willing to contribute; but opposes the making a Harbour at Parton (though he has more Coals there, and nearer to the Harbour, than any body else, and can load them id.a Ton cheaper than at Whitehaven) because he thinks, the more Coals are shipped there, the fewer will be at Whitehaven; and that will be a Prejudice to the Town of Whitehaven, and himself also, he claiming the Ground, where the Harbour is intended to be made, by Grant from the Crown.

That, if there were a greater Demand for Coals at Dublin, or elsewhere, Sir John Lowther could supply it; and wrote to Sir Robert Southwto use his Interest to help him off with the Sale of them at Cork, Kinfale, and Plymouth; and Sir John will now engage to furnish Dublin at the same Rate he now fells his Coals.

That Mr. Lowther produced a Certificate, signed by many of the Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, of the County of Cumberland, Merchants, Tradesmen, Matters and Owners of Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Whitehaven, setting forth their Reasons against making a Harbour at Parton:

And also another Certificate, signed by the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, of the County of Cumberland, at their Quarter Sessions, held at Carlisle the 18th of December last, to the like Purpose.

Mr. Lowther also produced a Copy of a Grant from King Charles the 2d, dated the 4th Day of March, in the 30th Year of his Reign, made to Sir John Lowther, and his Heirs, of all that Soil, or Ground, containing about 150 Acres, lying between the high and low Water Marks of the Sc* near Whitehaven, with the Rocks thereupon, which extends from East to West zoo Yards or thereabouts, and from North to South two Miles, or thereabouts; the Bounder thereof Southwards being Brainjby Beck, adjoining to Lands of the said Sir John Lowther, and the Bounder North being Morejby Beck, adjoining to a Parcel of Land there, called Lewca, paying 20 s.per Annum into the Exchequer for the fame. '*

That

b.y

Ann. 25° — a6" Januarti. 115

That it also appeared to the Committee, by the Copy of a Decree, proved by Mr. Lowther, made by the Court of Exchequer in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of King Charles the ad, in a Cause between Sir John -ther, Plaintiff, and William Fletcher, Esquire, and others. Defendants, that the Defendant Fletcher, as Lord of the Manor of Morefby, intending to build a Pier on the Lands,

granted to Sir John Lowther, as aforesaid, upon hearing Counsel on both Sides, the said Court did decree, that no Person can or ought by the Law of this Kingdom, without special Licence of his Majesty, to erect any Pier, Wharf, or Key, for the lading into any Ship or Vessel, or laying on Land out of any Ship, any customable Goods whatsoever, or for the better, riding or moaring of any Ship or Vessel there, being against his Majesty's Prerogative, as well touching his Customs, as the Defence and Safety of his Kingdom; and that a perpetual Injunction be awarded against the said Defendants, to prohibit them from making or erecting the said Pier.

That Thomas Lamplugh, Esquire, and others, proceed-

ing to erect the said Pier in 1695, by virtue of some Title under the said Mr. Fletcher, the like perpetual Injunction, as aforesaid, was awarded against them by the Court of Exchequer, as by a Copy thereof, proved by Mr. Lowther, appeared.

That Sir John Lowther infills upon his Property under the said Grant, and Decrees of the Exchequer.

That the Petitioners, Mr. and others, by their

Counsel offered, that Sir John Lowther'$ Coals at Parton be exempted from the intended Duty.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Feryes, and others, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition , and that the enlarging the Harbour of Parton will very much tend to the Benefit of the Coal Trade, to the Encouragement of Navigation, and increase of Seamen, be of advantage to the Inhabitants of that Part or the Country, and an Improvement of her Majesty's Customs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bijl, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agFee with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Feryes, and others, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition and that the enlarging the Harbour of Parton, will very much tend to the Benefit of the Coal Trade, to the Encouragement of Navigation, and Increase of Seamen, be of advantage to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, and an Improvement of her Majesty's Customs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Fletcher, Mr. LamplugkColonel and the Lord William Powlett, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Public Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Revenues. House, An' Abstract of the Account of the publick Revenue, and Money borrowed, between Michaelmas, 1704, and Michaelmas, 1705.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Security of An ingrossed Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An ACfc Queen's l'er- for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Goson, and Pro- vernrnent, and of the Succession to the Crown of Succession. *n ^ie Protestant Line, was (according to Order)

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

Vol. 15.

agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordship's Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sab batty 26° dieJanuarii;

Anno 4* Annas Regina:, 1705.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable Trustees, to fell several Houses, Hicks' and Lands, in and near Portsmouth, late the Estate Estate' of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Si if Tho.

Littleton, Sir Robert Eden, Lord William Powlett, Mr.

Pagitt, Mr. Farrer, Sir Fra. MassaMr. Mompejfon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Northmore,

Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Sir Win.

Bowes, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mefon; and all, that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Southampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for augmenting the Number of Litchfield, Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litch- &c-.LefideD-field, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the p^bTnd*. said Cathedral, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i and that the Title be. An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of , and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Samuel Pitt, Esquire, late High Sheriff Privilege — of the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, ®ujjagLlllft and read; setting forth, that in 1703, when the Peti- a em er‘ tioner was High Sheriff, one Tho. Eyre, an Attorney of the Exchequer, gave the Petitioner an Attachment against Edward Strode, Esquire, for not performing a Decree of that Court, with Directions to take a good Bail Bond for his Non-appearance: That the Petitioner did take Mr. Strode, and sufficient Bail Bond, and returned a Cepion the said Writ, and offered Mr. Eyre to assign him the Bond: That afterwards Mr. Eyre came to an Agreement with Mr. Strode; and some Difference having since arisen about such Agreement, and after Mr.

Strode was chosen a Member of this House, Mr. Eyre hath moved for a Messenger against him, on the said Return, and after for a Sequestration, and, during the Privilege of this House, he hath brought Distringas's, and compelled the late Sheriff of Somerset to return Issues therfcon, to near £.700 against the Petitioner, and caused the same to be estreated against the Petitioner, for not bringing into the Exchequer the Body of Mr. Strode, during his Privilege, though Mr. Strode hath paid Mr.

Eyre £.600 in full, according to the said Agreement, and hath deposited £.170 more in the said Court, which is more than is decreed against him; yet Mr. on the 7th of December, opposed the Petitioner's being discharged of his Issues: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom Thornhill* the Bill to vest certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, the Estate of RUhard Xhombill, in Trustees,

i^-

Sorocold's

Estate.

Cobb's Debt to the Crown.

Supply Bill; Tonnage and Poundage, See.

Parton

Harbour.

Practice of Surgery.

Private

Bills.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Vaughan's

Estate.

a 6° — a8° Januarii.

A. 1705.

Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and his Sifter's Portion, charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was committedj that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of an Advowson in Suffix, late the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, is committed, be revived; and that the said Committee do fit upon Monday Morning next, at Eight a Clock.

Mr. Bridges (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, the Act, paired the last Session, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Tho. Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-general

for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight; and the same was received.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other U fes therein mentioned j and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Manley; and all that serve for North and South Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Regulating whom the Bill for the better ordering and governing the Thames Wa-Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, tennen>&c* is committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day beirnj read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Relief of whom the Bill for the Relief of Colonel John Rice, was Colonel Rice, committed, be made upon Monday next, after One a Clock.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into ciandeflin. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Pe- Trade with tions, relating to tho Turkey Trade. Turkey.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to the Levant Seas, and to the neutral Countries.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to irish for-whom the Petition of Lettice Grace was referred, be made feited Estates. upon Monday next, at One a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sorocolffs England, Sir Fra. MaJJ'am, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Dryden, Eftatt. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of an Advowson in Sussex, late the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 2 8° die Januarii;

Mr. Lamplugh (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland; and the same was received.

Sir Gilbert Heathcot (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the better regulating the Practice of Surgery in and about the Cities of London and minster, and the better providing her Majesty's Fleet and Army, with skilful and able Surgeons; and the same was received.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, proceed in the Dispatch of private Bills.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706, wa» read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais j and that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 170

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for vetting the Estate of Arthur Vaughan, of Tretherwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment 01 such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -pejfon. Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Jof. Treden-ham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Trefufis, Sir Cha. Sir

Tho.Littleton, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Ducket, Sir Rufl/out Cullen, Mr. Ja. Worsley, Mr. Strode, Mr. 25

Anno 4* Anme Reginse, 1705.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Gorges have Leave to go into the Country, for recovery of his Health.

A Bill for the vacating a Settlement, made by Benjamin Middleton, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of Westmoreland, and for discharging the said Benjamin Middleton, and Charles Middleton,

Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants in the said Settlement contained, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Hop ton Williams have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for making good the last Will of Barbara Opie'sWill. Opie, deceased, by which a Farm, called Dean, in the Parishes of West on and Southwarmborough, in the County of Southampton, is devised to Eliz. Came, and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cloth But-to permit the making up of Cloaths with Buttons of tons used for Cloth, for Exportation, for cloathing the Army of the the Army* Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons, without any Amendment.

And

Leave of Absence.

Middle ton's Estate.

Leave of Absenc,‘.

4 Ann. a8° Jamarii.

Owen's And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, of Nash, in the County of without any Amend-

ment:

buehefs of Also, that the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Shrewsbury's Act for naturalizing Adelaide Duchess of; to

Nat- which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Laymerie's, And also have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for &c. Nat. naturalizing Vincent Laymand others; to which they

desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

Lord Strang. A Bill for fopplying the Defects of a comrtion Re-tords Estate. covery, suffered by Pliillif , Esquire, Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recovery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage Supply Bill; and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, Tonnage and and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for £°undage' settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members, Wine who are appointed to bring in the Bill for the Duties f)ut*es* upon Low Wines, that they do bring in a Clause therein, for the better charging the Duties upon Low Wines, drawn from malted Corn.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, that they do make Provision in the Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Becnxlting Mr. St. John (according to Order presented to the tb* Army* House, a Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Regulating Mr. Walpole (according to Order) reported from the Thames Wa. Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ordering tennen, -c. anj governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question feverolly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Right of the Duke of , as Lord of

the Manor of Gravesend, for holding a Court, called Curia cursus aqua, for the better governing Gravesend Perry.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights and Privileges of the Mayor, Jurats, and capital Inhabitants of the Parishes of and

Milton, touching the Government of the Ferry from the said Parishes to London.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Punching Mr. Moor (according to Order) presented to the Mutiny and House, a Bill for continuing the Act, made in the 3d Desertion. an(j Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ediftone A Bill for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, Light-home. an(j Qf Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-

house on the Ediftone Rock, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read }

Vol.15.

A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, Regulating was read a Second time. Nightly

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Watch* Davall, Mr. (Votlafton, Mr. MedMr. , Mr. Pitfield, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Pagitt, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Pofelington, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Mr. Barker, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Gilbert Heathcott,

Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Compton, Mr. Dummer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Spencer,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cox, Sir Hen. , Mr. Moor, Mr_

Pulteney, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. B, Sir Fra. fam, Sir Roger Moflyn, Sir Walter Yonge,; and all, that lerve for London and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do leave out of the Bill the last Clause, which extends to other Cities, Towns, and Places, . besides the Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and City and Liberty of Westminster.

Mr. Strode (according to Order) reported from the Relief of Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Col. Rice. John Rice, was committed; that they had made several Amendments thereunto, whifch they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) reported Info forfeited from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lettice Grace was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's table; where the same were read, and are, ast follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that John Grace, the Petitioner's Husband, did recover a considerable Estate out of the Ring's Hands in the Year 1695, and did afterwards settle Part thereof in Jointure upon the Petitioner, and had a Portion of £. 1,006 in Marriage with the Petitioner: That the late Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, did adjudge the said Estate to be a Forfeiture; whereby the Settlement of the Petitioner's Jointure, and the Provision made therein for her, and her Children, is rendered fruitless.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner hath Seven small Children, and in a very low and miserable Condition, not having wherewithal to subsist.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions;

viz.

G g Resolved,

Fleet Prison*

Lwabmrtfi

Committees.

Iriflx forfeited Estates.

Duchessof

Shrewsbury's

Mat

Legrand's

Mat

William*'

Estate.

Salmon

Preservation.

Irish Arrears.

Huggeflen's

Estate.

118

28" — 29°

A.

1705.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations contained in her Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Commissioners of her Majesty's Revenue in Ireland to make Sale of the forfeited Estates, and Other Interests, in Ireland, veiled in her Majesty, as being unfold by the late Trustees there, and out of the Monies ttiling the reby, to give Relief to the Petitioner.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Revenue in to make a Sale of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, veiled in her Majesty, as being unfold by the late Trustees there, to be applied to the Uses in the former Act mentioned; and that Mr. Solicitor-General and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Eyres, Mr. Covoper, Sir Ow Bucks, Mr. King, Mr. former, Mr. Solicitor-General, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Fitz Richard Aston, Esquire, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Pugh, Sir John , Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Price, Mr. Bu/kley, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Vaughan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual alluring of Part of the Lands of Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mar Its, 29° die;

Anno4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Pratkvs.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Margaret, Ann, and Orate Blancbeville, was referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adelaide Duchess of Shrewsbury, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Lewis was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable John Williams, an Infant (notwith-standing his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the County of Southampton, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the Officers and Soldiers, who served in the Siege of Londonderry, was referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Trustees to make Provision for Payment of the Debts of William HuggeJJen, Esquire, and for railing Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement, upon the

Marriage of William HuggeJJen, the younger. Gentleman, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 12. L, by leaving out " and, " and inserting, instead thereof

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Trustees to make Provision for Payment of the Debts of William HuggeJJen, Esquire, and for railing Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement, upon the Marriage of William HuggeJJen, the younger. Gentleman.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for stanhope'* the Sale of Lands in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate. Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, deceased, is committed, do fit on Thursday Morning next.

A Bill to make the Ship U Amazon, taken, and con- L' Amazon demned as a Prize, and fold in the Island of Barbadoesi Ship, free, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants of the Town and Newfound-County of Poole, trading to the Parts of Newfoundland, land Trad*, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Petitioners Remembrance, the land Fishery, brought vast Treasure to this Nation, and employed above 30,000 Men per Annum, whereof 8,000 never were at Sea before; but now the French have in a manner ingrafted that Trade, by possessing themselves of near Six-sevenths of the fishing Ground; so that, by fishing few Ships in a Place, they are always sure to make good Voyages, and the Fish comes with them about six Weeks tooner, than to the Places we yet enjoy, whereby they arrive at Market Six Weeks sooner than us, to their great Advantage, and our Loss; and now they employ 30,000 Men in this Fishery, that they have taken from us, and within few Months, with Fire and Sword, over-run all our Settlements there, and so disturb our Fishing, that, unless a sufficient Force be sent thither, to reduce them, we shall utterly be forced to abandon that Country, and Trade: That not only the French but the Americans, much conduce to the Ruin of the said Fishery, by bringing Rum, Sugar, Molofles, and Tobacco, which is lo coveted by the Men employed in the Fishery, and lb closely followed, that they neglect their Business; the Americans allb furnish them with Provisions. Shoes, Hose, Soap, Nets, Lines, (Ac. at an under Rate, than the English, who used to supply them therewith, can do, to their great Prejudice, and, at the End of the Fishing Sealbn, carry away many Fishermen, who would otherwise go for England, and consequently help to man1 the Fleet: That the commanding Officer, presuming to trade, often inflicts military Punishment on the Inhabitants, the easier to engross the Trade; which may prove fatal; and the Convoys being appointed so late, the Season is so far advanced, 'ere they fail, that the bell Fishing Sealbn is over, before they arrive: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Matters aforesaid, so as that this advantageous Trade may be restored and preserved to England, as formerly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to th# Committee, to whom the Matter of the Trade to Newfoundland is referred.

A Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Rates to Duties o* be paid by Unfreemen, Importers of Coals, Culm, and Coals at Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, was read the Yarmouth-First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Bur- New Ro& gestes, of the Borough, Town, and Corporation, of Wool Port.

Great

4

4 Ann, ixfjamariu 119

Great Torringtoni, in the County of Devon, and other Inhabitants, and Traders, of the said Borough and Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the Town of New in the County of ford, in the Kingdom of a Port for exporting

Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom: That Rojfe is but a poor Town of Trade, and all the Merchants, except one, are Papists: That the Wool, growing in the Country, may be exported as cheap from as Rosse

That when Rojfe had Liberty to ship Wool from thence, the lrijk Merchants there drove a constant Trade with France, and Holland; for which, and other Reasons, the late Parliament (hut up their Port; and the same Practices being likely to revive, if it should be again opened, the Petitioners pray to be heard against the said Bill, before it pass this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the hearing at the Bar against the said Bill.

Farmer's A Bill to enable Joh Farmer to fell a Messuage, £state> and Lands, in Rat cliffe in the County of Leicester,

and for making a further Settlement of other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earlef A Bill for veiling the Inheritance of a Messuage and

Kingston's Gardens.in AEloti, in the County of purchased

by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in Ibme Person, in Trull for his Lordship, and his Heirs, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

agy* A Bill for Sale of a Messuage, and Lands, called e* Sidney, in Alford, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of the Debts of Edward Dorrington, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

hordCalhells' A Bill to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord,

Estate. Viscount Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland, of leafing his Estate in Chejkire, for Performance and Satisfaction of the Trulls upon the said Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tomkins' A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com-

Crown° the m*®cners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to com-rown' pound with Thomas Tomkins, Citizen, and late Merchant,

of London, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vicary's A Bill for veiling a Messuage and Tenement in Estate. Roekhear, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of John Vicary, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts charged thereupon, and for Maintenance of his Widow, and Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North-more, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Snell, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Maffam, Sir Wm. Huftler, Sir Hen, Colt, Sir Nick. Morris, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Mason, Mr. Gerey, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Harvey; and all, that serve for the Counties of and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber i and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Army whom the Petition, as well of the Commission as Non-m*n‘ commission Officers, and Soldiers, now or late belonging to the Regiment, commanded by the honourable Brigadier Villiers, afterwards by Major-General Leveson, and now by Major-General Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and Vo*. 15.

of the rest now in Service in Portugal, was referred, be made upon Thursday next, at One a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pafifed a Bill, intituled, An Act for m. Hollwor-the removing all Doubts touching the saving Clause of thy'sEftat*. one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, and Lands, of Matthew Hollworthy, Esquire, in Trustees, to be Ibid. and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited , to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liber- Regulating ties of Westminster, was presented to the House, and Nightly

read; letting forth, that there is a Bill depending in this Watclu House, for the better regulating the nightly Watch:

That there is such Care taken of the Watch within the said City, and Liberties thereof, that the Petitioners do not apprehend themselves to be in any Danger, or need any new Law for their Preservation: And praying, thac they may be exempted out of the said Bill, or heard by their Counsel in relation thereunto, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

1

A Bill for veiling Part of the Estate of Ralph Baldwin, Baldwin's in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children, was Estate. read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Sir Wm.Huff ter. Sir Fra. Majfam, Lord Walden, Lord

Coningsby, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Winington, Mr. Harley, Mr.

MonSon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Peyton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pedley, Mr* Skippon, Sir Wm. Bowes,

Sir The Webster, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Wild, Mr.

Chambers, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Farrer, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Tho. Conyers, Mr. Bull eel-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, and Cambridge: and they are to meet this Afternoon, a Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Highways between Whitchurch, chester in the County of Salop, and the City of was read Roads,

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Eden, Major Holmes, Mr. Hyfham, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Loivther, Sir

Edward Norreys, Sir Tho.Mackworth, Mr. Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Gwynn, Earl of Dyfert, Mr. Thornhagh,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Johnson, Mr . Rowney, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Annejley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Parker,; and all for Cheshire, Lancashire, Salop, Staffordshire, and North Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for veiling the Freehold, as well as Copyhold, Gower* Estate of Thomas Gower, of Edmonton, in the County of Eftnt*.

Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder on his two Daughters, who are Infants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John ftenholme, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Barker, Sir Roger Hill, Mr.

Coatfworlh, Mr. Kent, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr.

Lowther, Sir John Spencer, Mr. Monfqn, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Skippon,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Tates, Mr. Wallis, Mr.

Vaughan j and all, that serve for London, Middlesex, nod Westminster: And they are to meet this Af ternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir

120

29° Januarii. A. 1705.

Here's Sir Robert Havers reported from the Committee, Etta*. to whom the Bill for vesting the Estates of

Reve, the elder. Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher Revet Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making some Provision for Dorothy, the Widow of the said Christopher the

Son, and for Christopher, his only Child, an Infant, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, -upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Limiting Ordered, That the Bill for the more free and impartial Officers in Proceedings in Parliament, by preventing too great a

the House. Humber of Officers fitting in Parliament, be read a

Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

>rch- Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee to

bishoprick of whom the Bill for teftoring to the Arc'nbishopfick of Eftae*1 Dublin the Town and Lands of Sea town, and repaying to Wm. Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the Money he paid for the same, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto* by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, The Matter of the Petition of Daniel Blake, ef Privileges, and others. Creditors of the late Lord Lovelace, deceased. As also of Richard Nevill, Esquire, and others, which was appointed to be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections this Afternoon, be put off until next, in the Afternoon.

BoW'i Estate. sir William Huftler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate, late of Richard Bold, Esquire, in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Moneys, to which the same is liable, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Brothers and Sifters Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Pr. 8 L 3. After " in" insert " Sir Richard Hoare, of " London, Knight."

L. 4. and 5. Leave out " FouButton, of Kincott, in the said County of Leicester, Gentleman," and " insert " Christopher Davenport, of New Inn, in the " County of Middlesex, Gentleman."

L. 6. After the Word " said " add " Sir Richard " Hoare."

L. 7. Leave out " Foulk Button," and insert " Christopher Davenportand, in the same Line, after " the" add " Survivors and."

L. 15. After "fame" insert "to Andrew Card,

" Esquire, and and in the same Line, after " secured" insert " to him."

L. 23. After " named" insert " and the said Sir " 7 "ho.Cave."

L. 2$. After " said" insert " Sir Richard Hoare"

L. 29. Leave out " Foulk Button," and insert " Christopher Davenportand, in the same Line, after " the" insert " Survivors or."

L. 31. After " said" insert " Sir Richard Hoare " and leave out " Foulk."

L. 32. Leave out44 Button," and insert " Christopher " Davenport"

Pr. 9. L. 17. After " said" insert " Sir Richard " Hoare;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Foulk " Button," and insert " Christopher Davenport."

Pr. 10. L. 28. After " Interest" insert " to the said " Andrew Card,"

Pr. 11. L. ift. After "said" insert " Sir Richard Hoare."

L. 2. Leave out " Foulk Button," and insert " Chris.

" topher Davenport."

L. 8.‘ After " invalidate" insert " weaken."

L. 9. After " made" insert " to the said Andrew Card."

L. 16. After the Letter "a" insert "good and."

L 19. After " Manner" insert " and of the same " Force and Effect."

Pr. 12. L. 13. After " said" insert Sir Richard " Hoare" and, in the same Line, leave out " Foulk " Button" and insert " Christopher Davenport"

L. 23. After " laid " insert " Sir Richard Hoare."

L. 24. Leave out " Foulk ," and insert

" Christopher Davenport."

Other Amendments were proposed to be made to Bill; viz.

Pr.9. L.9. After "laid" to insert " Sir Thomas Cave,

" and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the said."

Pr. 12. L. 5. After " said" to insert " Sir Thomas " Cave, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the said" [a]

A Bill for enlarging the Passage, where the Gatehouse passage into at Westminster is, leading to the Palace Yard there, NewPalac* was read the First Time. Yard.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cava'iEitaa. Mr. Verney reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Tho. Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money, to pay hi*

[a] The Entry in the Journal of the Agreement of the House to the two lad Amendments, proposed to be made to this Bill, is blotted out with a Pen.

A Bill

4 Ann.

2 90 — 31° Januarii.

121

Goulfton's A Bill for vesting in Trullees the Estate of Morris Estate. Goulfion, Esquire, for the railing his Sillers Portions, and

Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, $i° die Januarii

Anno 4* Annas Reginae, 1705.

P R A Y e e s.

Leave of f\RDERE D, That Sir Edward Williams have Leave

Absence. to g0 jnt0 Country, his Lady being dead.

Courtney's An ingrossed Bill for veiling a mortgaged Estate of Estate. Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be, An Act for vesting a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

St. Bridget's, A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate London, Church of Westminster, Impropriators of the Parish Tythes, Church of St. Bridget, alias Brides, London, and of Townley, Gentleman, their Lessee, and also of the Churchwardens and Parishioners of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there has been great Differences between the said Proprietors and Parishioners, touching the Impropriators Dues, and many Suits have been had thereupon: That the said Parties are come to an Accommodation in that Matter, but the same cannot be made effectual, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Henry Colt, and Sir Gilbert Heathcot, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Newfound- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-land trade. counci| of the City and County of Exon, and several Merchants of the said City, and Places adjacent, trading to Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read letting forth, that by the Laws of this Realm her Majesty's Subjects only, and no Aliens, have free Liberty to trade and fish in any the Harbours, Roads, or Rivers, in or about Newfoundland; but of late Years the French have by Force insulted our Fishing* Harbours, and almost gotten that beneficial Trade to themselves, employing 5 or 600 Sail of Shipping the rein, which Trade formerly was intirely in the: And praying,

that, in case of a Peace with France, this advantageous Trade may be restored to us, by an Article, that may exclude the French and that, in the mean time, the Laws already made for the Encouragement of the said Fishery, may be reinforced, and such early and sufficient Convoys sent, to protest the fame, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Matter of the Trade to Newfoundland, is referred.

Abbington, Ordered, That the Cause, touching the Election for Ac.Elodioai. the Borough of Abbington, which was appointed to be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections Tomorrow, be put off until Tomorrow Month; and that the Cause touching the Election for the Borough Vol. 15.

of Bewdley, in the County of Worcefi, do come on in course, as appointed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 5"che^| °^t for naturalizing Adelaide Duchess of Shrewsbury, was read rewflwy a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Lord Powlet, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brewer, Sir Hen.

Mr. Coatsworth, Sir John Mordant, Mr. MonElon, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Chafe, Mr: Neville, Mr. Mr.

rard, Sir Fra. Majjfam, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Eger ton, Mr.

Gery, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sir Hen.

Colt, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Chandler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr* Rennet Dr. Kennet, Archdeacon of Huntington, for the Sermon thanked, by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St.

Margaret's, Westminster} and that he be desired to print the lame; and that Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. and

Mr. King, do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and Katherine, Gilley's Nat. Rijley, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Adelaide Duchess of Shrewsbury, is committed.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Coinaga House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Dutiss. Commissioners of the Treasur^, for the Time being, to issue, out of the Monies arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of £.3,500 yearly, for the Uses of the Mint j and the same was received.

A Bill to enable William Gomeldon, Esquire, to fell a Goo*ia«i's Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance upon the £state* fame, and to apply the Residue of the Monies, arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William Gomeldon's Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Borlace (according to Order) presented to the Clyes'Debt House, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, for to the Crown, the Time being, to compound with Francis Clyes for what is due to her Majesty on Bonds, entered into by him for and with William Penneck, late of Exon, Merchant, for Duties on Tobacco, which the said Wm.

Penneck had at the Port of Falmouth ", and the same was received.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Public night, take into Consideration the Account of the Reve- Revenues nues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accef- and Debu* lion to the Crown.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Private Bills, next, proceed further in the Dispatch of private Bills.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, for Whitley's the Time being, to compound with Morgan Whitley, Del* to tbs Esquire, late Receiver-general for Chester and North Crown' Wales, and Part of South Wales, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, the Act, Cobb's Debt passed in the last Session, to impower the Lord High the Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to com- rown* pound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill;

H h House, WusDutiss.

d by

Ill

Privilege — Suit against ft Member.

Torbay

Harbour.

Partoft

Harbour.

Recruiting the Army.

Raising the Militia.

Privilege — Suit against a Member.

31° Jamarii. — ri'Februarii. ' A. 1705.

House, a Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A petition of John Borrough was offered to the House: And the same relating to Sir Humphry Mack-worth, a Member of the House; who not being in the Hoqfe;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until Sir Humphry Mackworth comes into the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and" other the Inhabitants, of the Boroughs of Clifton Dartmouth Hardneffe, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that some Pro-pofals having been made to the House, for making a new Mould, or Harbour at Torbay, the Petitioners conceive that the fame, if effected, will not only ruin the said Borough, but cost the Nation a vastSum of Money; whereas Dartmouth may, in a Year's Time, for £.5,000 be made to all Intents far more safe and commodious, than a Mould in Torbay can be made: And praying, that they may be permitted to give their Reasons for the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, for making Torbay a Harbour, is is referred.

A Bill for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Par-ton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

A Bill for continuing an additional Subsidy of Ton- Supply Bill; nage and Poundage, and certain Quties upon Coals, p°jj"eeand Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and S ' for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to the Privilege, hearing the Matter of the Complaint, relating to the im-r pressing, imprisoning, and detaining, of Blower,

a Servant of Sir Humphry Mackworth, a Member of this House.

And the said William Blower was thrice called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

And one Jo. Griffith was called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

William Williams was called in, and examined; and then withdrew;

Tho. Hawkins was called in, and examined; and thep withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

A Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for discharging the Month's Pay, that was formerly advanced on the Account of the Militia; and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Humphry Mackworth being come into the House; the Petition of John Burrough was read; setting forth, that in 1704 the Petitioner covenanted to serve Sir Hump. Mackworth, as an Agent to inspect and manage the Miqes, belonging to the Company of Mine-adventurers, at £.50 per Annum Salary, and gave a Bond, of great Penalty, not to discover the true State of the said Mines: That the Petitioner faithfully discharged hisTruft, and always refused to discover the said Secrets; yet Sir Humphry refuses to pay the Petitioner what is justly due to him, and threatens to imprison the Petitioner upon the said Bond, alleging, he must first fee, if the Petitioner be used as an Evidence in several Causes, depending between Sir Humphry and divers Justices of the Peace, of Glamorganshire, touching the lifting of Soldiers; and adding, that he will not only pay the Petitioner, but be kind to him, if he would not be concerned for the said Justices: That, in regard Sir Hum~ phry'i Refusal to pay the Petitioner proceeds in order to influence the Evidence he may be obliged to give, upon Oath, between Party and Party, and Sir Humphry acting in this same only as a Manager for the Mine-adventurers, the Petitioner prays, he may be at Liberty to sue for what is due to him, and Sir Humphry be obliged to wave his Privilege.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; 23

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjourn-That the House do now adjourn tillTo-morrow Morning; n>cnt'

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellm for the Yeas: j 69-

Tellers for the Noes,|^‘ ^Pole'} IQ^‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Proceedings, in the pretended Lift- Privilege, ing of William Blower, were illegal.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen of the long Robe Regulating be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the N»gMy better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed. a c

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, i° die Februarii;

Anno 40 Annae Reginae, 1705.

Praters.

A BILL for the Relief of thenon-commissioned Offi- Relief of cers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord s £?rd.

and Colonel Coote's Regiments, was read a Second time. fitc^Regi4-' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pock- ments, lington, Mr. Meddlecot, Mr. Farm, Mr. , Mr.

Conyers, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Jervois, Mr.

Sir John Kaye, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Bacon, Mr. MouMr. Rolles,

Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr.

Mr. Lownds, Mr. Ire ton, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Carr, Mr. Brfcawen, Mr. Chambers, Lord Pow-

let t: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill to enlarge the Power of Lord Richard Lord Bulkeley, Viscount , in the Kingdom of Ireland, of leafing his Estate in Chef lire, for

Performance

AfgilPs Purchase of Irrlh Forfeitures.

Supply Dill; ri onnage and Poundage, &c.

Security of Queen's Person, and Protestant Succession.

Earl of

Convoy's

Will.

4 Ann.

Performance and Satisfaction of the Trusts upon the said Estate, be now read a Second time,

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr- Pocklington, Mr. Copers, Sir John Holland, Mr.

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. IrMr Ctafe/worfb, Sir

Rickard Middleton, Mr. Gw Mr, Motflptfotf, Sir

Rickard Howe, Sir Fra. Maffam, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert JenkinJott, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Charles Bertie, Mr. Hardres, Major Holmes, Mr. Manley; and all for Cheshire, and And they

are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Record*.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Relief of John Afgill, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf*; and that the Title be. An Act for Relief of John Esquire, in relation

to; his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That the Order of the Day be now read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year, One thousand Seven hundred and Six, and other Uses therein mentioned.

The Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for regulating the Fees of the Exchequer for the Moneys granted for the Service of the Year 1706;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

f7(.

Tellers for the Noes,f

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself in to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill j and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Period and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, with some Amendments made to the Clauses added by this House to the Bill; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward, late Earl of Covway, under the several Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, anjd the Pepositions relating to the fame. Evidence on Trials at Law; to which they desire the Concurrence of this JHouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 15.

113

The Amendments, piade by the Lord? to the Claqfes added by this Hopfe to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Sqcceffioq to the Crown of England in the PfQteftapt Line, were read, ancj atP» ns foftoweth j v/3.

Amendments to Clause A.

a L. after the Word " Offices" insert other titan " the Office of Lord High Treasurer of

At the End of the Clause add these Words, " provided, that, if there be no Lord High Treasurer of * England, and the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer " shall be in Commission, theq the first in that Commission shall be one of the Lords Justice? of " England

Amendments to Clause B.

Pr. 1. L. 8. After the Wprd " following'^ insert, " that from and after the Time the further Limitation " by this Act shall take Effect, all Matters and Things, " relating to the well Government of this Kingdom, "which are properly cognizable in the Privy Council, " by the Laws and Customs of this Realm, shall be transacted there; and all Resolutions, taken thereupon, " shall be signed by such of the Privy Council, as shall " advise and consent to the fame: Be it enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that the said recited Clause shall " be, and the same is hereby, annulled, and repealed, " as if the same Act had never been made. And whereas " alf6 in the said Act it was (amongst other things) " enacted, in the Words following."

L. 13, and 14. Leave out " regulated, and " altered," and insert " repealed.*'

L. 15. After " aforesaid" insert "That the " laid last recited Clause shall be, and is hereby, annulled, " and repealed, as if the same Act had never been " made."

L. 15. Leave out from the Word " aforesaid" to the Word " And," in the 38th Line of 2d Press, and instead thereof insert, " Provided always, and be it " further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, from ft and after the Distblution, or Determination, of this present Parliament, no Person, who shall have in his " own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons " in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, any new Office, " or Place of Profit whatsoever, under the Crown, which " at any time hereafter shall be created or erected, nor " any Person, who shall be a Commissioner, or Subcommissioner, of Prizes, or Receiver of the Prizes, u shall be capable of being elected, or of fitting pr " voting, as a Member of the House of Commons, in " any parliament, which shall be hereafter summoned " and holden."

Pr. 2. L. 38. After the Word " it" insert " further.'* L- 38. Leave out from the Word " that" to the Word And," in the 13th Line in the 3d Press, and instead thereof insert " ir any Person, hereby disabled, " or declared to be incapable, to fit or vote in any Parliament, hereafter to be holden, shall nevertheless be " returned as a Member, to serve for any County, City, " Town, or Cinque Port, in any such Parliament, such ff Election and Return are hereby enacted and declared " to be void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever," Pr. 3. L. 14. After the Word " disabled" insert((or ff declared incapable."

L. 14, 15. Leave out " fit qr vote in the House " of Commons," and insert " be elected."

L. 16. Lave out " Demise of her Majesty with* " out Issue," and insert " Distblution, or Determin* " tion, of this present Parliament."

L. 17. Leave out the first " in," and insert " as a Member of."

L. 17. After the second " in" insert " any."

L. 18. After the Word "Parliament" ipfert" to " be hereafter summoned."

L. 19. Leave out from the Word " (hall" to the Word " forfeit,' in the 22d Line,

Resolved,

j 0 Febrmri

Security of Queen's Person, and Protestant S^ccdljon.

New Hoste Wool Port*

Irish forfeitedEftatss.

Irish Arrears.

Vaughan's

Estate.

PraAice of Surgery.

Stewart's, &c. Regimental Arrears.

Kewfound-land Trade.

Earl of

Kingdom's

Eftata.

124

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take the said Amendments into Confederation.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the Town of New Rojfe, in the County of Wexford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning; and that the Petitioners against the Bill be then head by their Counsel at the Bar of this House, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of Margaret, Anne, and Grace, cheville, was referred, be received Tomorrow, after One a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the Officers and Soldiers, who served in the Siege of was

referred, be received Tomorrow, after One a Clock.

Ordered, That Lord Wm. Mr. Morston, 'Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Tates, Mr. Coatesworth, Mr. Morgan, Sir Geo. Beaumont, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Estate of Arthur Vaughan, of in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant, in resppdt thereof, is liable, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2* dieFebruarii; Anno 4® Annse Reginae, 1705.

Praters.

A BILL for the better regulating the Practice of Surgery in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the better providing her Majesty's Fleet, and Army, with skilful and able Surgeons, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the paying and clearing the Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, was committed; that they had considered the Petitions to them referred} and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Har-dress, on behalf of themselves, and many others of the adjacent Places, trading to Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Newfoundland Trade hath been found very beneficial, not only on account of Merchandizing, but a great Nursery for Seamen; but is at present liable to the Insults of the French, and the late going out of the Convoys bath been the Ruin of the Merchants Fishing Voyages: And praying the House to lay the Matter before her Majesty, that the Petitioners may have such Assistance of Men of War, as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Trade to Newfoundland.

Ordered, That the Bill for veiling the Inheritance of

04

A. 1705.

a Messuage and Gardens in A8on, in the County of Middlesex, purchased by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in some Person, in Trust for his Lordship, and his Heirs, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis Hartington, Mr. Roberts, Lord Chenie, Mr. Curfon, Mr. Winftanlye, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Whitchot, Mr. England, Sir Wm. Huftler, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mounflevens, Sir John Cope, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Tko. Travel!, Mr. Masters, Mr. Monson, and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Nottingham, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable John Williams, an Infant (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Majfam, Sir John Cope, Mr. Moor, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Holland, Mr. Rol/es, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Thornaugh, Mr. Pit field, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Barker, Mr. Aifiaby, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Clayton, Lord Chenie; and all," that serve for the Counties of Huntington and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for vesting several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Reynell, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Moor, Mr. St. John, Mr. Foley, Sir Fran. Majfam, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Portman, Sir John Spencer, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Toke, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Clayton; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,'and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is defeended to the Daughters and Coheirs of John -giter, deceased, who are Infants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moor, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Tates, Sir Fran. Majfam, Mr. Annefiey, Mr. Johnson, Lord Con-ningsby, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Manley, Mr. Hayes, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Motion, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Henry D. Colt, Mr. Mounflevens, Sir Fran. Child, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Chafe; and all, that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Joseph Sharpe, of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at Michaelmas last the Petitioner was elected Mayor of the Corporation of Thetford, for the

1® — 2® Februarii.

Williams*

Estate.

Rowe'i

Estate.

Sand's

Estate,

Privilege — Suit against a Member.

4 Ann.

,6

Februarii

125

Army

Arrears.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

the Year ensuing, and thereupon tendered himself to the added to the Committee, to whota the bill for the better Recorder, and principal Officers, to be sworn; who re- regulating the nightly Watch, was committed, fused: And praying, he may be enabled to try his Right

at Law, notwithstanding SirjM» Wiodhouse, the Recorder OrThat Sir Mr. Sir Frauds by

of the said Town, is a Member of this House. Jenkittfon, Mr. Wolflenham, Mr. , Mr. Webster, be Bankrtipu*

And Sir John Woodhouse not being in the House; added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts* is com-until Monday come-seven-night; and that the said Sir mitted.

Clandestine Treaty with Turkey.

Edystone

Light-huufe.

New Rosse Wool Port.

John Woodhouse do then attend in his Place.

The Orders of the t)ay being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day seven-hight* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fconsider further of the Petitions relating to the Turkey Trade.

Refolded, That this House will* upon fVednesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning* Nine a Clock.

LuncS) 40 die Februarii

Anno 4* Ann* Regin*, 1705;

Praybrs.

the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the MpHE House took into Consideration the Amendment, Smtlmatf* Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to re- JL made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act build the Light-house on the Edyjhne Rock. for supplying a Defeat, by the Death of a Trustee,

Mr. Sfrjeont being directed to esquire, whether any " g* f Provision. for the younger

Counsel attended, to be heard upon the Bill for making Ch!l.drc" tfT' Ef, U'r' "r

the Town of Were RoJ'.Jm the County of^Ard.in th? "tftChUd^ C°' such

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House, and is as followeth; i>iz.

Pr. 10. L. at. After shall h insert " not;*'

O, That Mr. Mitton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment!

Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom; he acquainted the House, that the Counsel for the Bill attended, but none for the Petitioners against the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be. An Act for making the Town of New Rosse, in the County of Wexford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition, as well of the Commission as Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, now or late belonging to the Regiment, commanded by the honourable Brigadier Ft. liters, afterwards by Major-General and now

by Major-General Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest now in Service in Portugal, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the better preventing illegal and irregular Lifting of Persons into her Majesty's Land Service

An ingrossed Bill froih the Lords, intituled, An Act M. Holwto? for the removing all Doubts touching the laving Clause Eftat* of one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands Of Matthew Holworthy, Esquire* in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or

Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased* to the same Uses as the Lauds to be sold are limited, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second titne.

A Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, for the Clye«'Debt Time being, to compound with Frantis ClyeS for what is to the Crown, due to her Majesty on Bonds, entered into by him for and with William Penneck, late of Exon, Merchant, for Duties on TobaccO, which the said William Penneck had at the Port of Falmouth, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for vetting certain LfertnS, for forty Years, in Abbington'* Trustees, which were granted by John Esquire, Eftau,

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself deceased, and to impowerthem to grant, renew, and fill into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said up, Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein

Bill

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the said Committee, that they had made feme Progress in the Bill} and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again

Committees.

LordCafhells*

Estate,

mentioned, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said John , was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Sir Win. Huffier, Mr. Wild, Mr. Mdnfon, Mr.

Annejley, Lord Wm. , Mr. Cowper, Mr. Medly-

cott. Sir Fran. Maffam, Mr. Sir John Hawles,

Mr. Sir Spencer, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Pock-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- lington, Mr. Owen, Mr. Mason, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Pultney, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mr. Coke, Mr. , Mr. Stephens, Mr. Shacker ley,

House, to consider further of the said Bill, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Bert/ey, Mr. England, Mr. Pit-

field, Mr. Northmore, Lord Chenie; and all for Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Wilts, Southampton, and Somerset: And they are td meet

at Five a Clock this Afternoon* in the Speaker's Cham-Ordered, That Mr. Courtney, Mr. Brewer, IjsrdWindfor, ber j and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

Mr. Curfon, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bertie, be added to and Records, the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord Bulkeley, Viscount Cashells, in the King- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Charities < dom of Ireland, of leafing his Estate in Cheshire, for Per- the better collecting, and disposing, Charity-money on Briefc. formance and Satisfaction of the Trulls upon the said Briefs by Letters Patents; and that Mr. Cowper and Mr.

Estate, is committed. Woollcfflon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Regulating

Nightly

Watch.

Ordered, That Mr. Monttoa, Mr. Bulteel, Mr.

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Geo. Beaumont, be

Vo l. 15.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee, to Frauds by whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, frequently committed Bankrupts.

I i by

12 6 4° Februarii. ' 1705.

by Bankrupts, is committed, that they have Power to " his Wife, born at Ilalmjlad, in nd; John

receive a Clause, for the better discovery and preventing " Son of by Frances his Wife, born

Frauds committed by Prisoners and Bankrupts, and for " at in Poitou, in France-, and Jacob,

the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt, as shall resign their " Son of PaulMarcet, by Mary his Wife, born at Geneve, Effects to their Creditors. " in

Pr. z. L. 11. After " Morel" insert, " Paul,

Hamilton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act " James Margaret John Corneille,

for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, Henry Solomon James Herauld, John

a Minor, for Payment of Debts, and for railing Portions Cadour, Anthony Ligonier, Sitnon Francia, James for younger Children, and for making Fee-farms, and " gillis, John , Grade, Nicholas Grade,

Leases for Lives, during his Minority, was read a Second " Isaac Gamier, Paul Gamier, John Gamier,. James Bf-time. " chefer, Nicholas Dubois, Mary Elizabeth Braiibwait,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mgdlicolt, " Katherine Jeffreys, Jane Jeffreys, John Treville, and Mr. South-yell, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Mordaunt, Colonel " Jacob ."

Mordaunt, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Annejley, Mr Monson, Mr. L. 28. After " "insert, " Paul Serjeant Byrch, Sir Robert Davers, Mr, Ogle, Mr. Heysham, " James Buffard, Margaret John Corneille,

Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Langharne, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. " Henry Duvernet, Solomon Juliot, James Herauld, John Dyott, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Afgyll, " Cadour, Anthony Ligonier, Symon Francia, James Sir Wm. Hujller, Mr. Mitlon, Mr. Strode, Sir Hen Dut. ‘‘ gillis, John DonaldJon, Peter Grade, Nicholas Grade, Colt: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the " Isaac Gamier, Paul Gamier, John Gamier, James Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, " Nicholas Dubois, Mary Elizabeth;

Papers, and Records. u Katherine Jeffreys, Jane Jeffreys, John Treville, and

" Jacob ."

BishopsCastle Ordered, That Mr. Walcott have Leave to withdraw Pr. 3. L. 15. After " " insert, " Paul Bretton,

Election, his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of " James Buffard, Margaret Gonyquet, John Corneille, Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop-, and that the Com- " Henry Duvernet, Solomon Juliot, James Herauld, John mittee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from " Cadour, Anthony Ligonier, Symon Francia, James proceeding upon the said Petition. " gillis, John DonaldJon, Peter Grade, Nicholas Grade,

" Isaac Gamier, Paul Gamier, John Gamier, James

Pechells, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the " Nicholas , Mary Elizabeth Braithixait,

Sic. Mat. Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, " Katherine Jeffreys, Jane Jeffreys, John ffreville, and An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, and others. " Jacob ."

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Ordered, That.Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill Quefjtion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath House, and are, as follow; viz. agreed to the said Amendments.

Pr. 1. L 33. After " Normandie" insert " Paul " Breton, Son of Gedeon Breton, by Martha his Wife, Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, to whom " born at Tomeinx, in the Province of Guienne, in the Bill for the Sale of an Act vow Ion in Snffx, late the " France-, James Buffard, Son of Daniel Buffard, by Estate of Clerk, deceased, for P.iy-

" Am his Wife, born at Be it, in the lfe of France; ment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow,

" Margaret Gonyquet, Wife to Isaac Gonyquet, Daughter and Child, was committed; that they had examined the " of Peter le Blane, by Susanna his Wife, born in Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

" Sedan, in France-, John Corneille, Son of Rodtlph Cor- and that the Parties concerned had given their Conneille, by Jane his Wife, born in Switzerland; Henry fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; " Duvernet, Son of Henry Duvernet, by Anne his Wife, and that the Committee had made several Amendborn at Cell; Solomon Juliot De la Penierere, Son of ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report " Solomon Juliot De la Penieirre, by Gabrelle his Wife, to the House: Which he read in his Place, and alterborn at Paris, in France-, James Herauld, Son of Wm. wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same " Herauld, by Mary his Wife, born in the Isle of Olerou, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one " in France; John Cadour, Son of Daniel Cadour, by by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, " Susanna his Wife, born at Montauhan, in the Province agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment " of Guienne, in France; Anthony Ligonier, Son to Lewis was made by the House to the Bill.

" Legonier, by Lovife his Wife, born at Caftrcs, in Lan- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be guedoc, in France; Symon Francia, Son of George Fr- ingrossed. " cia, by Mary his Wife, born at Burdeaux, in France;

" James Angillis, Son of Joos Angillis, by Jane his A Bill for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton,

' * Wife, born at Ipres, in Flanders-, John DonaldJon, in the County of was read a Second time.

" Son of Alexander DonaldJon, by Margery his Wife, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir St.

" born at Rotterdam, in Holland; Peter Grude, Son of Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

" Michael Grude, by Magdalen his Wife, born at Somur, Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Wa/Jh, Marquis of Granby, in France; Nicholas Grude, Son of Peter Grude, by Mr. Fletcher, Lord Conningsby, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. " Margaret his Wife, born at Paris, in France; Isaac Shackerley, Mr. Alone k I on, Mr. Jeff of Sir Fran. Child,

" Gamier, Son of Isaac Gamier, by Margaret his Wife, Mr Mr. Thornaugh, Sir Hard. Waftneys, Mr.

" born at Fitry, in Champaigne, in France-, Paul Gar- Ireton, Mr.-Lamplugh, Mr. Booth, Lord Wm.

" nier. Son of Isaac Gamier, by Margueritte his Wife, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Fairer, " born at Vitry, in Champaigne, in France; John Gar- Mr. Majon, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Burridge, Sir Barth.

"nier, Son of John Gamier, by Judith his YVife, born -Sir Wm. Ashurfi, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

" at Vitry, in Champaigne, in France; James Befchefer, more, Mr. Dowdeswell; and all for Cumberland, IVefSon of James Befchefer, and Lovife his Wife, born morland, Salop, and Lane afire; and for the Sea-ports; " at Vitry, in Champaigne, in France-, Nicholas Dubois, and all the Merchants of this House: And they are to "Son of Nicholas Dubois, by Claude his Wife, born at meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Marie, in Picardy, in France-, Mary plizabethBrath- Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, " wait, Widow, Daughter to Sir Roger Manley, and and Records.

" Mary Catherine his Wife, born at Leyden, mV Holland;

" Katherine Jeffreys, Wife of Sir James Jeffreys, Knight, Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) reported " Daughter of William Drokenhellem, by Anna Maria from the Committee, to whom the Petition, as well of " his Wife, born at Stockholm, in Sweedland; Jane . the Commission as Non-commission Officers, and SolJeffreys, Daughter of Sir James Jeffrys, by Anna diers, now or late belonging to the Regiment commanded

»y

So roc old's Eixate.

Parton

Harbour

Army A n ear*.

4 Ann.

Februarii

127

by the honourable Brigadier afterwards by

Major-General Leveson, and now by Major-General Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest, now in Service in Portugal, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth j viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration and examined into the Allegations of the said Petition,

It appeared to them, that in the Year 1689 the said Regiment was commanded into Ireland, and in their Paf-lage at Sea they loft in a Storm 124 Horses.

To prove which, several Witnesses were examined; viz.

Colonel Carpenter said, that there was loft 47 Horses

aboard the Ship where he was.

Fran. Turner said, there was loft 40 aboard his Ship.

Henry Vandaivsaid, there was loft 24.

Andreas Wood, 17.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of several Officers of the said Regiment, that a Party of this Regiment, being sent to conduct the Cannon to Limerick, wasfurprized by Sarsfield near that Place, and ' great Part of them were killed, and their Horles and Accoutrements taken by the Enemy.

That a great Part of their Clothing, and Accoutrements, were loft near Belfafi.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of Colonel Carpenter, Mr. and

Mr. Robert Banks, and several others, belonging to the said Regiment, that Brigadier by reason of the

' aforesaid Losses, was forced to cloarh the said Regiment three Years successively; but neglected to make application for Money by contingent Warrants, to make good those Losses, as is usual in such Cases, but applied only for Money upon Account, in order to complete and fit the Regiment for Service, which, when the Accounts came to be Hated, was found to be charged to the Pay of the said. Regiment.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that the Petitioners have fully proved all the Allegations contained in their said Petition; and that, by reason of the aforesaid Losses, and the Omission of the said Brigadier VII/iers, in not applying for contingent Warrants, for Money, to make good those Losses, there is aDeficicney, of^.3,875. iSr. i of to answer the several and respective Balances of the Officers and Soldiers of that Regiment.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the said Committee.

Leleefter ' Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Borough Privileges and Elections, touching the Elettion for the tlection. Borough of Leicester, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Regulating A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Thames Wa- That the ingross'ed Bill for the better ordering and ierment&c, governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, be now' read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; A Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Wine Duties. Extraction, and for more eiTeftual restraining the 'Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That , this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hous^, upon the said Bill.

Cuinag*

Duties.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to issue, out of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Vql.TS.

Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses' of the Mint, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to p°{jj^aeeand consider further of the Bill for continuing an additional age' Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Security of Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to Queens the Clauses, added by this House to the Bill, intituled,

AnACt for the better Security of her Majesty's Person Succession. and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line;

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Members Westminster-haH.and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and fumtnon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powys, and Mr. Justice Gould:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Amendment the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advance- of the Law, ment of Justice; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Security of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Clauses, Queen's added by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for p^[g"t'aa"d the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Govern- Successora. ment, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

And the said Amendments to Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The first Amendment to Clause B, being read a

Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; viz. Pr. 1. L. 8.

The second Amendment to Clause B, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the Housedo agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, L. 13,14;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the } 183-

Tellers for the Noes^ , j

So it passed in the Negative.

The third Amendment to Clause B, being read a Second time;

And. the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, viz.

L. 15.

It passed in the Negative.

The fourth Amendment to Clause B, L. 15, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding these Words, " Provided, and enacted, that " it likewise shall and may be lawful to and for the Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants, of Counties,

" Cities, and Places, Commissioners of Sewers, Officers " of Forests, Parks, or Chaces,

" Vice-admirals, Stewards, or Bailiflfs of Courts

" Honours, Hundreds, or Manors, for such their several and respective Offices only, being chosen " Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, or Barons of Cinque

Ports,

Conference with Lords.

Committees.

Irish Army Arrears.

Chester

Roads,

Committees.

Walton at Stone Par-fonage House.

138

4* — 5° Februarii.

A. 1765.

Ports, in Parliament, to meet, fit, or vote, in such House of Commons, as shall meet in Parliament, on the Demise of her Majesty without Issue, and in all " future Parliaments, to be thereafter convened and " assertibled. And be it also."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, nth, and 12th, Amendments to Clause B, beginning Pr. a. L. 38, being severally read a fecona Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment to Clause B, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; viz. Pr. 3. L. 19.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the said Amendments, disagreed unto by this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered at the said Conference;

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. King, Mr. Poley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Scobtll, Mr. Benson, the Lord Windsor, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Manley, Mr. Secretary Harley, the Lord Conningsby, Sir Richard Onslow, Brigadier Stanhope. Mr. Aiflabie, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Archer, Sir Hump. Matkworth, Colonel , Sir Jo. Tredenham,

Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. , Sir John Cropley, Mr. Arthur Annejley, Sir Hen.

Sir John Hamles, Sir Roger , the Earl of Dyfert, Sir 7ho. Hanmer, Sir 7ho. Meres, Mr. 7oke, Mr.

Mr. Fran. Atutejley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

gan, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Wroth, Mr. , Sir Edward Norris, Mr. Barker, Sir John Woljlenholm, Mr.

Chambers; and all, that serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Amendment intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and of the Law. the better Advancement of Justice, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Hiccock:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importing to impower Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, certain Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the first Day of January, 1704, with fbme Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lord Howe'* to enable Scrope, Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom Li'ute. of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daugh-

ters by his first Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent; to which they defife the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Crome's for veiling the Estate of Valentine Crome, of Maiden Estate. Early, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be f<pld, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself, and Brother; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee for drawing up Reasons, to be offered at the said Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth, Mr. Offley, Mr. Jessop, Sir Fran. Maffam, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to authorize and impower the late Pay-master-general of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture, or Debentures, unto Colonel Samuel Vernier, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospital for the sick and wounded in Ireland, for the Sum off. 1,099. 2S-

is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell, Sir Gilbert Do/ben, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Shackerly, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways between Whitchurch, in the County of Salop,- and the City of Chester, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martts, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 4° Ann* Regina;, 1705.

Prayers.

0 RDERED, That all Committees be revived.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An -Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of Watton at Stone, in the County of Hefor a certain other House, and Lands, of greater Value, lying at Watton at Stone, as aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Conningsby, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Shackerley, the Earl of Dyfert, Mr Dyott, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Strode, Mr. Mount ague, Mr.

Mitt on, Mr. Dry den, Sir Hen. Dut.Colt, Mr. Cox, Mr.

Mompeffon, Mr. Serjeant Parker, the Lord Mr.

Varney, Sir John Cropley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mor-

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the L«avcof Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absentc

A Bill for Sale of Lands in the Counties of South- Dean's ampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Dean, Liiaie. Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Sir Walter Tonge, Sir Wm. , Sir Hen.

D. Colt, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Cooke, Sir Ed. Irby, Sir

Wm. Ashurst, Mr. MompeJJon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Southwell, Colonel, Chandler, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Gaunt left, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Jervoise, Mr.

Booth, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Weld, Colonel Wroth, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr.

Dibble, Sir Robert Eden, Mr . Bere, Mr. England-, and all for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom Due heft of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shrewsbury'a for* naturalizing Adelaide, Duchess of Shrewsbury, was *" committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right Lord honourable Henry Lord Colerane, and supplying the Coleraoc* want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part E"ute‘ of his Estate, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Fran. Maffam, Colonel Whitehcott, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. , Mr.

Ducket, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Lounds, Mr. Skippon,

Sir Ja. Mount ague, Mr. Serjeant Comyus, Sir Jof.

Jekyll, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Cha. Turner,

Mr. Farrer, Sir Henry Dutt. C, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Chafe, Sir Godfr. Copley, Lord Wm. Powlett j and all for Norfolk and Wilts: And they are to meet this

Afternoon,

4 Ann. 5° Februar

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

RiQey's Nat. Mr. Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frances, and Katharine,

Rijley, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

lambard's Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the Bill for the more effectual a {Turing of Part of the Lands of Inheritance of and 'Thomas Lambard, in

the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for alluring, in lieu of other Part thereof, other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Comrmttee; and that the Committee had made fbme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ir.grofied.

Stanhope'* The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com-Estate. mittee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Lands in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of John Esquire, deceastd, for Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vsngfcan'* Mr. Mompcjfon reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. f]ie pm for veiling the Estate of Arthur of

Trederwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Middleton'* A Bill for vacating the Settlement, made by Betija-Estate. min Middleton, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of Westmorland, and for discharging the said Benjamin Middleton, and Charles Middleton, Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants in the said Settlement contained, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rolle, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Jeff. 7'ffr9's> Sir Wm Phippard, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Vol. 15.

Reynell, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Johnson, Mr Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Dummer, Mr. England, Mr. Nicholson,

Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Skippon, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Clayton, Sir RujheutCullen, Mr. Dry den; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for making good the last Will of Barbara Opie's Will; Opie, deceased, by which a Farm, called Dean, in the Parishes of Weston and Southwarmborough, in the County of Southampton, is devised to Barbara Came, and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. King, Mr. Jervois, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Verney, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir John Kay, Sir Fran. Maffam, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Hcysham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Sir

Jervis Elzves, Mr. Mould on, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Reynell,

Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Wallis; and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for supplying the Dcfe&sof a Common Reco- jor(j very, suffered byPhilip Smith, Esquire, V ifeount Strang ford Strangford'*

in the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esquire, bTtate. his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Ufesof the said Recovery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Brezuer, Sir Fran. M Mr. Heysham, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Fran. Child, Sir Wm.

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir John Kay, Sir John Holland, Mr. Gery, Mr. Mason, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Aiflabie, Mr. Curzon, Sir Jof. T Sir Gough; and all, that serve for Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Legrand'* for naturalizing Wm. Lewis Legrand, was read a Second Kat* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Heysham,

Sir Jof Tredenham, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Henry Du. Colt,

Mr. Meddlycot, Sir John Kay, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Varney, Mr. Gery, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

England, Mr. Johnson, Sir John Holland, Mr. Shacker/ey,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dowdejiveil, Sir Wm. Hujller, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Nix. Nicho/fon, Mr. Serjeant Parker,

Mr. MonSlon, Sir Wm. Phippard, Mr. Harvey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the County Prelirvatioa. of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Chandler, Mr. Jervois, the Lord PowSir Wm. Hujller,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Thompson, Sir Massam,

Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr. Skippon, Sir Jerv.

Elzves, Mr. Brewer, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Hen. Du.

Colt, Mr. Dummer, Sir Jo. Kaye, Mr. Greville, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon,

Sir John Holland-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do leave out of the Bill what is therein against the watering of Meadows.

Kk A Bill

L* Amazon Ship.

Duties on Coals at Yarmouth*

Parmer's Eft ate.

Tomkins' Debt to the Crown.

€u!fton's Eft ate.

130 5 — 6Q Februarii.A. 1705.

A Bill to make the Ship V taken, and condemned as a Prize, and fold in the Island of free, was read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm. Hujller, Mr. , Mr.

England, Mr. Langharne, Mr. Bence, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Heysham, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Mr.

son. Sir Fran. MaJJ'am, Mr. Pugh, Mr. Mr.

Shackerley, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Sir Henry

Dull. Colt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. , Sir

Jeffry Jeffreys, Mr. Topham, Mr. Bulteel, Mr.

Mr. Herbert; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for ersons. Papers, and Records.

A Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Rates to be paid by Unfreemen, Importers of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great ,was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Dyfert, Sir John Holland, Mr. Booth, Mr. topham. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bulteel, the Lord Sir Hen.

Dutt. Colt, Mr. Farm, Sir IVm. , Mr. Pugh,

Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir Fran. Majfam, Mr.

Mr. Lamplugh, Brigadier Farrington, Colonel Chandler,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. B, Mr. Dummer, Mr.

Winstanley, Sir Geo. Beaumont; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions, which lie upon the Table, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill to enable John Farmer to fell a Mefiunge, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester,

and for making a further Settlement of other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Huffier, Mr. Dryden, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Bulteel, Sir John Kay, the Earl of Dyfert, Sir Charles Blois, Mr.

Bertie, Sir Fran. Majfam, Mr. Vincent, Sir Scaiven,

Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Maffers, the Lord Povelett, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.,

Morley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.; and all, that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkins, Citizen, and late Merchant of London, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. , Sir Wm.

Phippard, Mr. Heysham, Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Wm.

St. Quint in, Mr. Maffers, Mr. Skippon, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Vincent, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir H. D. Colt,

Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Colcheffer, Sir Fran. Majfam; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Gulston, Esquire, for the railing his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Dummer, Sir Ja.Etheridge, Mr. England, the Lord

Chenie, Mr. Chace, Sir Wm. Huffier, Mr. King, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Wm. , x\lr. Var-

ney, the Earl of Dyfert, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Cooper, Sir ILi. Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Floor, Sir Fran. Majfam, Mr. Mason, Mr. Booth, Mr. Tkompfon, S.r Charles Bids; and all, that serve lor the Counties of Kent, and Norfolk:

And they are to meet this Altemoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and securing Part of the Estate of Robert Barry, Clerk, and his Wife, for the

Benefit of the said Anne, and her Children, and Sale of other Part of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Tiiird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An A<fl for settling and securing Part of the Estate of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Anne his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Anne, and her Children, and Sale of other Part of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Mason do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of several Lands within the Manor of Burrough, in the County of , for

raising the Portions of Henry Barne, and Alice Barne the younger, Children of John Barne, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of several Lands within the Manor of Burrough, in the County of Leicester, for raising the Portions of Henry Barne, and Alice Barne the younger. Children of John Barne, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Verney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Mamingtre, in the County of EJJ'ex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the same County of Suffolk, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 20. L* by leaving out " the major Part," and to insert " any Nine."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordi gly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Manningtre, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Skippon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Cowper (according to Order) presented to the Hdule, a Bill for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for Cheffer and North Wales, and Part of South Wales, be read the Second time upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurity 6° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Ann* Reginas, 1705.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals

of

B irrr'f Elute*

Barnet

Elute.*

Stour N;ivi^lUio

Charities oa Brici*

Whitle/t Debt to the Crown.

Earl of Conway Will.

Sedlev's

Eiiate.

Hicka*

Eliiite.

He Te'«

Estate.

Jt. Bridget'#,

London,

lythei.

Importing

certain

French

Wine#*

4 Ann. 6° Februarii 131

of the Four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depositions relating to the fame, Evidence on Trials at Law, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vetting the Estate, late of Sir Charles Sedley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts of the said Sir Charles Sedley, and for compounding his Legacies, and for laying out the llefidue of the Moneys in a Purchase, to be settled according to the Limitations of the Will of the said Sir , and for allowing a

competent Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the younger Children of George Sedley, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to fell several Houses, and Lands, in and near Portsmouth, late the Estate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill wth the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estates of pher Reve, the elder, Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher

Reve, Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making some Provision for Dorothy, the Widow of the said Christopher Reve, the Son, and for Christopher, his only Child, an Infant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estates of Christopher Reve, Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher Reve, Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making some Provision for the Widow of the said Christopher Reve, the Son, and his only

Child, an Infant.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for settling the Impropriators Tythes, or Parson's Dues, of the Parish of St. Bridget's, alias Brides, London and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to Portugal, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that being informed, a Clause is added by the Lords to Vot. 15.

the Bill, impowering Thomas Carey, Merchant, and others, to import French Wines from Copenhagen, giving Liberty to import Wines also of the Growth of France, from Holland, Ireland, idle. are sensible the same will be prejudicial to Trade in general: And praying to be heard to the said Clause, before the same pass this House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Amendment shall be read.

A Petition of Mary Chaigneau, on behalf of her Huf- Chaigneau'* band John Chaigneau, late of London, Merchant, was ()ebt to tb* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that her t'r0WI‘* Husband having dealt considerably in Wine, and being indebted to his late Majesty for Customs, an Extent was issued out against him, and his Securities, one whereof is now in Newgate, others fled beyond Sea, where he now is: And praying, her Husband may be admitted into the Bill for impowering the Lord Treasurer of England to compound with Thomas,

Merchant, in order to a like Compcfition.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is 'committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Privilege. That, after this Day, all the Causes, relating to Privilege, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Thurjdays, Saturdays, and Titejdays;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for.be Yea } 7»-

Tellers for the Noe,^ . j 84.

So it passed in the Negative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Tonnage and tinuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Pound-age, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for railing a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year 1706, and for other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Eleven Edystone a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Light-house. House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the Mailer,

Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-hou, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edystone Rock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Wine Dutie*. House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir John - Watton at daunt. Sir Edward Turner, Sir fVm. Gojlwick, Mr. Stone Par-Bertie, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Neville, Mr. Robert , fond°e °" e* Mr. Foley, Mr. Bi/Jon, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. IVallis, Sir Hardolph IVaJlneys, Mr. Grey Neville, Sir John Conway, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Berks, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for the exchanging the Parsonage-House, and certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of Wat-tonat Stone, in Hertfordshire, for a certain other House, and

Lands,

Middleton'*

Estate.

Relief of Lord Drogheda's, &c. Regiment.

Duchess of

Shrewsbury'*

Kit

Gomeldon's

El'tate.

Regulating

Nightly

Watch.

Increase of Seamen.

132 6° — 7* Februarii. A, 1705.

Lands, at Watton, belonging to Philip Boteler, Esquire,

is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. fejfop, Mr. Colflon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Ogle, Mr. tVoollafton, Mr. Cartright, Mr.

Mr. Heyftiam, Mr. Farrer, Sir Char neck, Mr. Ovsen, Mr. Monson, Lieutenant-General Mr. Moun-

ftevens, Mr. Wild, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Strode, Mr.

fVinftanley, Sir Edward burner, Mr. Paddington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the vacating a Settlement, made by Benjamin Middleton, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of Westmorland, and for discharging the said Beuj. Middleton, and Charles Middleton, Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants, in the said Settlement contained, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Jolnifon, Mr. England, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Mr. Pit fetid,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Non-com mi (iion Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord Drogheda's and Colonel Coot's Regiment, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JovtS) 70 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Ann® Regina?, *705.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adelaide Duchels of was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enable Wm. Gomcldon, Esquire, to fell a Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance upon the fame, and to apply the residue of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said Gomeldon's Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -bagh, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. England Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Dry den, Mr. fVoola/lon, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Ijoblyn, Mr. Peyton, Mr. , Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Clayton, Sir Cope, Sir Fran. MaJJ'am, Mr. Pocklington, Sir IVm. ler, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Lyster, Mr. JeJj'of; and all, for the Counties of Kent and N: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peters, in West was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, now before the House, is prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying, the City and Liberty of Westminster may be exempted out of the Bill, or the Petitioners heard by Counsel at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if the Petitioners -think fit.

Sir Cloudefiey Shovell (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet; and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such as shall be llain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade: And the same was received.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to Clause B.

Clause B, being read a Second time; several Amendments were proposed to be made therein:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refo/ved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Clause, so amended.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Coals, carried from one Creek to another.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet; and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be llain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service j and for the Support of Trade; be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions, relating to the Trade to Newfoundland, were referred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Richard Onftow reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be given to the Lords at a Conference upon the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line} that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

The Commons have agreed to the Amendments, made by your Lordships to Clause A.

The Commons do likewise agree to the first Amendment, made by your Lordships to Clause B, Pr. 1. L. 8.

The Commons disagree to the 2d and 3d Amendments, made by your Lordships, L. 13, 14, and 15, for these Reasons:

lft, Because they cannot consent to repeal a Clause, which was made to redress a Grievance, so frequently complained of in Parliament; and your Lordships, by your Amendment, though it excludes only Persons from fitting in the House of Commons, that shall have new Offices, or Places of Profit, under the Crown, hereafter to be created, and the Commissioners, Sub-commissioners, and Receivers, of the Prizes, do admit some Provision of that Nature to be reasonable.

adly, Because a total repeal of the said Clause would admit such an unlimited Number of Officers to be Members of the House of Commons, as may destroy the free 15 and

Supply Bill; Tonnage and Poundage, &c.

Increase of Seamen.

Newfoundland Trade*

Conference with Lords.

Public Revenues and Debts.

Importing

certain

French

Wines.

Amendment of the Law.

Ann. 7® — -8 Februarii 123

and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, and endanger the Liberties of the Commons of England.

The Commons disagree to the 4th Amendment, L. 15;

Because by the Words left out by your Lord ships, a competent Number of Officers is admitted to fit in the House of Commons; and by the Words, inserted in their Head, a sufficient Number is not excluded.

The Commons agree to the 5th Amendment, Pr. 2. L. 38, with this Amendment following; after the Word " further," " Provided, and enacted, that it likewise " shall and may be lawful to and for the Lieutenants, " and Deputy Lieutenants, of Counties, Cities, and Places, commissioners of Sewers, Officers of Forests, Parks, or Chaces, Custodes Rotulorum, Vice-Admirals. Stewards or Bailiffs of Courts, Honours, Hun-" dreds, or Manors, for such their several and respective " Offices only, being chosen Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, or Barons of the Cinque Ports, in Parliament, to meet, fit, and vote, in such House of Commons, " as shall meet in Parliament on the Demise of her <c Majesty without Issue, and in all future Parliaments, '* to be thereafter convened and assembled. And be it " also."

The Commons disagree to the 6th Amendment, L. 38

Because the Words, used by the Commons in this Place, are the same with those in a like Provision in an Act made in the 30th Year of King the 2d, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preserving the " King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament and the Commons observe, the Words, offered by your Lordships, are only adapted to a former Amendment, disagreed to by the Commons.

The Commons disagree to the 7th, 8th, and 9th, Amendment, Pr. 3. L. 14,15, and L. 16}

Because they do depend upon theformerAmendments, disagreed to by the Commons.

To the 10th Amendment, L. 17, the Commons disagree;

Because they think it necessary-; none but Members being disabled by this Clause.

To the nth and lath Amendments, L. 17, and L. 18, the Commons disagree;

Because they depend upon the former Amendments, disagreed to by the Commons.

As to the lad Amendment, L. 19, the Commons do agree with your Lord ships.

The said Reasons, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Amendments, made by this House to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmer do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TMorning next, take into Consideration the Accounts of the Revenues) and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happyAccession to the Crown; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the first Day of January, 1704.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vo t. 15.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, do manage the Conference; and that Mr. thorpe, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir Ellis, and Mr. Foley, be added to the said Managers.

The Managers went to the Conference;

And being returned i

Sir Richard Onslow reported, that they had been at the Conference, and given their Reasons to the Lords; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lord. ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning (the first Business)resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light- house on the Edystone Rock.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. England, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Chambers, Sir John Kay, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dryden, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Jof Tredenham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is defeended to the Daughters, and Coheirs, of John Pargiter, deceased, who are Infants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry , Merchant, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V eneris, 8® die; Anno 4® Annae Regina, 1705.

Prayers.

A BILL to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, the Act, passed in the late Session, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased. Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Vincent, Sir D. Colt, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Southwell, Sir IVm. Mr. Strode,

Lord Windsor, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Wm. Huftler, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Thornhaugh; and all for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Impropriators Tythes, or Parson's Dues, of the Parish of St. Bridgets, alias Brides, London, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Henry Johnson, Sir John Cope, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wm. HuJller, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Foley, Sir John Kay, Mr. York, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Sir Hen. Dut. Colt, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Wm.Phippard, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Strode, Sir Ja. Mountague, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Bridges, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Bence, Mr. Et-trick, Mr. Poclington, Mr. Wroth, Sir John Packing-ton, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Med-licot, Mr. Aiflaby, Sir Jof. Jekylland all for the Cities of London, Westminster, and Surreyj And they are to

L i meet

Conference with Lords*

Recruiting the Army.

Edystone Light-house.

Sands'Estate.

Cobb Debt to the Crown.

St. Bridget'*/

London,

Tythe*.

8° Februa

134

A. t'jot,.

meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Irish Arrears. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the Officers and Soldiers, who served in the Siege of Londonderry, was referred, be made Tomorrow, after One a Clock.

Practice of A Bill for the better regulating the Practice of Surgery Surgery. jn and about the Cities of London and , and the better providing her Majesty's Fleet, and Army, with ikilful and able Surgeons, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Clyes' Debt A Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, to the or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being. Crows, to compound with Francis , as Surety for

Ptnneck, late of Exon, Merchant, in fix several Bonds for

Duties on Tobacco, which the said William Penneck had at the Port of Falmouth in , 1791, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Borla/e, Sir , Mr. Vincent, Mr,

Clayton, Mr. Dyott, Mr. , Mr. Yates, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Brewer, Sir Robert Davers, Mr Stanwix, Mr. Lamplugk, M r.Pocklington, Mr. Foley, StrWm. Huft/er, Mr. Rolls, Lord Wm. Sir Wm. Mr.

Jejflop, Mr. Strode, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Mr. Pigotl, Mr. Foke; and all for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Will of Edmard late Earl of Conway., under the several Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depositions relating to the fame, Evidence on Trials at Law, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Northmore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vetting a Messuage and Tenement in Rockbear, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of John Vicary, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts charged thereupon, and for Maintenance of his Widow, and Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties conceded had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the some were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition oijobn Lamb, Doctor in Divinity, Dean of Ely, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he is intitled to a Rent of Thirty-eight Pounds per Annum, payable out of the Gatehouse, and other Tenements, near the Palace Yard: And praying, his said Rent may be secured by a Clause in the Bill, now depending, for taking down the said Gatehouse.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the' Bill he read a Second Time.

Land Tax. Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this

House, an Account of the Debts owing by the several Receivers of the Land Taxes, to the Year 1705, and who are the Securities for such Receivers j and also an Account of what has been paid in upon the last Year's Land Tax.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Army Debt. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esquire without any Amendment:

Irish Army And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of rrears. Colonel Samuel Venner, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Fran. Majamreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling Part of the real Estate of Ralph Baldwin, in Trustees, for a Provision. for his younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the some were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houfo.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

*egg'» Mr. Monfton, reported from the Committee, to whom Eftau. the Bill for Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and in Hat kerf edge and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Estate of Christopher Pegge, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor, and Estate, of and in Beaucheiff and Strawberry Lee, in the some County, for railing Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents 'to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto , by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Earl of Ordered, That th*e ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Conway'i intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the

A Petition of the Merchants, Mailers and Owners of Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Harbour of Whitehaven, was presented to the Houfo, and read;

setting forth, that the Bill for enlarging the Pier and Harbour at Partem, in the County of Cumberland, will be prejudicial to such of the Petitioners, who have laid out their Stocks in building at Whitehaven: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Consideration of the so' l Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do attend this House Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, in relation to a Clause, added to the Bill (for continuing an, additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culrri, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 17.06, and other Uses therein mentioned) for excusing Interest upon Merchants Bonds; and that they do

bring

Vicary*

Eftau.

Avenue* to Palace Y*i4.

Baldwins

Estate.

Partem.

Harbour

Supply BiH; Tonnage and Poundage,

Regulating ? Thames Wa-

4 termen, &c.

Railing the Militia.

Leicester

Borough £ left ion.

4 Ann.. S°Februarii.

bring with them all the Presentrrtcnt*, and Reports, which have been, made by them, and the Merchants Answers thereunto, relating to the Merchants paying Interest upon tljeir Bonds.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and the same was received.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the pled ion for the Borough of Leicester, and the Resolutions of the Committee

thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow j viz.

Upon the Petition of Lawrence Carter, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Geo. Beaumont, and James Winstanlcy, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Leicester

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, the Right of Election to be in the Freemen, not receiving Aims, and in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot; and the same was admitted by the Sitting Members Counsel.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were,

For Sir Geo. Beaumont - - - 685.

For Mr. Winstanley - - - - 593.

For the Petitioner,- - - 592*

That the Petitioner's Counsel declared, that they did not controvert the Election o(Sir Geo. Beaumont.

But should add some to their own Poll, and disqualify a great many that voted lor Mr. and (o make

out a Majority for the Petitioner:

And should also give Evidence of ill Practices, and Corruption.

That, in the beginning of this Cause, a Question was started, Whether the Petitioner should proceed by the Po|l, taken by Mx.Boley, or the Poll, taken by Mr. Backhouse.

The Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that they ought to proceed by the Pol!, taken by Mr.; because,

upon the Close of the Poll, the Mayor declared, he would make his Return according to that, as being the more perfect; upon which Poll the Petitioner had a Majority, by one. And to this Fad the Petitioner's Mr. John Watt.Counsel called one Witness, But it appearing to the Committee, that That Poll was taken on the behalf of Mr. Winstanley, the Committee were of opinion, that they should proceed by the Poll, taken by Mr. Boley, the Towq-clerk, by Order of the Mayor.

Mr. Carter laid, the Mayor refused a Scrutiny, for that it might give some Advantage again 11 him, if an Act >n should be brought; and therefore he would leave the Determination of the Matter to the Committee of the House of Commons.*

That the first thing, the Petitioner's Counsel pro. ceeded on, was, to add some to their Poll, which were not fat down for him: And upon this Head they gave Evidence of four Freemen, and three Scotland Lot Men, who offered their Poll for the Petitioner, and were not fat down j but it was admitted, that two of them, viz. John Bradbury, and Samuel Winterton, lived in an Hospital.

That then they took Exception to several, that voted for Mr. Winstanley, under several Heads: Apd the first was of those under Age; and, as to four, they produced Extracts, taken out of the Church Register; but to disable one of them, viz. fin the

Extrail said to be the Son of Jo/ieph,) they

fiftid, the Register was mistaken, for Joseph had no Child,

Vol. 15.

Kick. Richmond,) Elias Warren, Edward Hood, John Colt.

in

and alleged, that he was the Son of Brother,

Robert Broadhurst.

That the next Exception was of such, as had polled twice: And on this Head they gave Evidence as to Six; but, as to Three of them, there was a Variation of the Name in the several Places.

That the next Exception was to those,

' I that were Inhabitants, but did not pay,) Scotland Lot: And on this Head, they J gave Evidence to 28, as either not being the Books at all, or else set mfuper, or that their Landlord paid Parish Duties.

John Cooper, 1 r That the Exception was to Per-Nich. Richmond, 1 fans receiving Alms: And Evidence was John Clerke,/given as to 20, that they either Jived in

Coates, I Hospitals,.or had the Rent of their House? uas or*f*. J or reqeived weekly Collection.

Mr. Thp. Carter. That the next thing, the Petitioner's Counsel excepted to, was, as to several Persons, that were neither Freemen, nor Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot: And, as to 11, Mr. Thomas Carter said, that he had searched the Freemens Books, for cox Years last past, and made the strictest Enquiry in the Town, but could hear of no such Persons.

John Clerke,) That the Petitioner's Counsel then Edward Lofeby. j gave Evidence, that one Edward Noon,. that was fat down in the Poll for Mr. voted

for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioners Counsel then offering Evidence, to disqualify some of Mr. Wi's Voters, on account of their having first only given a single Vote, and afterwards coming agiin, and voting for Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Winstanley' % Counsel infilled upon it, that it was lawful for the Voters so to do, and that it had been formerly practised in that Borough.

That thereupon the Counsel on both Sides was heart) to that Point; and Mr. Winstanley' % Counsel examined several WitnessVs, as to the Custom; viz.

'j Who spake to several Elections within or 17 Years, and to one or two, when the Petitioner himself stood; at which Elections several Persons at first gave single Votes, and afterwards came, and gave their second Vote.

And, upon hearing what was alleged on both Sides* the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person, having s Right to Vote for two Members to lerve in Parliament, who hath given a single Vote, hath not a Right to come afterwards, and give a second Vote, during the said Election.

And, upon this Head, the Petitioner excepted, and gave Evidence as to 13.

That the next Exception, the Petitioner's Counsel made, was to several, who lived in the Borough by Certificate: And on this Head they gave Evidence as to ten Persons.

That they also excepted, and gave Evidence, as to Four, as "made free after the Teste of the Writ.

John Clay, 7 That they also excepted to 54, as made Wm. Head. jfree at the Charge of the Sitting Members, a little before the Election: And as to that it appeared, that in the Freemens Books those Persons were marked with a B, as several others were marked with a C. And the Petitioner's Counsel also examicted two Witnesses to that Matter; who said, the Persons, marked B, were brought by the Sitting Member's Agents; and that they were present, when several of those, marked B,were made free, and did not fee them pay any thing for their Freedom: But it appeared, that Six of the £4 were difaualified under other Heads.

That some Evidence was also given of indirect Practices by the Sitting Members, or their Agents; viz.

John North, John Mason, said, they were sent for, to come to the Angel at Leicefitr, where was Colonel Wil-

son, and the Sitting Members, and several other Gentlemen;

John Goodall, John Hughes, Richard Towufqid,

Richard West Wm. Wells

'cston, whei

./whit

1

-y

i\6 $°Febrtiarii: A. 1705.

Leicester tlemenjand that their Votes were ddired for the Sitting That they excepted to'Five', as under Age, and Borough Members; and North was told, if he did not vote for Mr. Droved it by Copies from the Register; but Four of this

Election. Winstanley, it. should be the worse for him; and Mason, Number were disqualified before, as being made free at

being a Serjeant of the Militia, was threatened to be the Petitioner's Charge.

put out, if he did not vote for the Sitting Members. That they excepted, and gave Evidence, against 17

Edward Conduit ', Nath. Jenner, said, they were others, as not paying Scotland Lot.

threatened to be sent away for Soldiers, if they voted That the next Exception was to several, that lived in for Mr Carter. Leicester by Certificate: But it being alleged by the

Sam. Shipley said, that Wm. Kilpack is his near Neigh- Petitioner's Counsel, that, if they paid Scotland Lot, bour; and, though Kilpack declared he had noVote, they were notwithstanding qualified to vote; the Counsel yet Hood, and some others, persuaded him to come, and were heard thereto, of both Sides, and the Committee vote a Second time for the Sitting Members. thereupon came to this Resolution:

Wm. Cooper said, he had voted for Mr. Carter, and Sir That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Wm. Villiers; and afterwards Mr. Weston, and some That Persons living in the Borough of Leicester by Cer-others would not let them be quiet, till he went again, tificate, not having gained a Settlement, by renting £. to and polled for Mr. Winstanley: And he wrote to Mr. a Year, or serving in an annual Office, are not entitled. Carter, that this last Vote was against his Mind; and by paying Scotland Lot, to vote in the Election of Mr. West on threatened to fend him for a Soldier. Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Richard Cave said, Mr. Byerly aficed his Vote for Sir And upon this Head the Sitting Member's Counsel Geo. Beaumont, and threatened, if he did not, he would excepted, and gave Evidence, against 20. turn him out of his Work: That he did vote for Mr. Cornwall Tinman. That they excepted, and gave Evidence Carter, and was turned out of his Work, which he and by one Witness, that, as to 11 others, he

his Father had enjoyed for 100 Years. had searched the Freemens Books, and enquired of the

5 Tho.Pratt said, Mr. Hood and Mr. Martin, though Parish Officers, and could not be informed of any such he told them, he had no Vote, took him out of his Persons, either free, or living in the Town.

Shop, and made him drunk, and so made him vote for They excepted, and shewed by the Poll, that two

the Sitting Members: He does not pay Scotland Lot. others had voted twice for Mr. Carter.

John Clarke, John Clay, said, about Twelve or One, That the next thing, the Sitting Member's Counsel on Monday Night, there was great Delay in taking the proceeded to, was, to Treating, and ill Practices: And Poll, not polling above one in half an Hour, for some to that they called several Witnesses. time. John Priestman said, that Mr. Simpson, a considerable

And Clay said, that about Eleven a Clock Mr. Carter, Trader in Leicester, the Day before the Election lent for was about 140 before Mr. Winstanley, and Mr. Winstanley John Nutter, and desired his Vote for Mr. Carter; and was then for going off; but Mr. Needham threatened to Nutter excusing himself, because, if he did, he should run him through, if he did; laying, he would help disoblige his Friends, and one would arrest him

him to Votes enough: And that Mr. Winstanley de fired for 2 or. he owed him; Simpson told him, if he did, the Bailiff not to poll the Men so fast, but gave no Reason. he would pay it: That the said Mr. Simpson gave another In answer to this Evidence, the Sitting Member's a Pair of Breeches; and that, during the Election, Mr. Couniel infilled, that they should restore a great many, Simpson (he believed) in his House, and Yard, treated which the Petitioner had attempted to disqualify; dif- about Fourscore (whereof 18 he named to the Commit-qualify a great many, who had voted for the Petitioner, tee) with Beef and Ale, and what they would have } and and so make a great Majority for Mr. Winstanley; and kept there so long, thatlome of them threatened to break conclude with Bribery, and indirect Practices, by the the Windows, if they would not let them out.

Petitioner: Priestman said, he was one, that was treated at Mr.

But would first begin, and disqualify several of the Simpson %; and that they went altogether from his House Petitioner's Voters, as Freemen, made so at the Charge to poll: But it appeared, that 6 of the 18, treated by of the Petitioner. And they called Mr. Simpson, were disqualified under other (leads.

Mr. Boley, the Town-clerk; who said, the Persons John Hunt laid, that on the El eft ion Day he was at marked C, in the Freemen's Book, were made free at the Bull Head Inn, and did not pay the Man of the the Petitioner's Charge; and that he, received the House, saying, Mr. Carter would pay. Hunt voted for MoneyofMr. Crtfyrre/?,andgavea Receiptas of L. Carter the Sitting Member; the Man of the House voted for

And the Counsel infilling to have the Opinion of the Mr. Carter, and Mr.

Committee on this Head of Evidence, the Committee John laid, that the Day before the Election, came to this Resolution: coming Home, he was forced into Mr. Carter's, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, carried into the Cellar, where he found a great many That such Freemen, as were made free at the Charge of other Voters; and was kept at Mr. Carter's all Night, any of the Candidates, had not a Right to vote at the last and had Meat and Drink.

Election of Burgesses, to lerve in Parliament for the John Horton, Wm. Wells, laid, that Mr. Samson Borough of Leicester. Perkyn, who lives with Mr. Carter, offered one Bloxom

And upon this Head they disqualified 64; but it to pay a Debt he owed of^. 5 and give hima Crown for appeared, that Three of this Number voted for Mr. himself, if he would vote for the Petitioner.

Winstanley, as well as for Mr. Carter. Richard Weston said, that Bloxom paid him his Money

That,(in the next Place, the Sitting Member's Counsel abput three Weeks after the Election. excepted, and gave Evidence, as to 77, as receiving Ben. Bowyer said, Mr. Fra. Cray croft offered him £. 5 Alms; but the Witnesses as to 14 could not give an and his Charges to be borne from Cambridge, if he would Account, whether they paid Scotland Lot, or no; but vote for Mr. Carters He voted for Mr. Winstanley. said, that 31 did pay, and 32 did not pay. Weston said, that Mr. Carter came with a great many

That the Sitting Member's Counsel in the next Place Men, and they pulled down several Conveniences, that excepted to Nine, as living in the Hospital; which were were erected for the better taking the Poll, either admitted, or proved to do so; but as to one, viz. Jeremiah Grosse said, Valentine Kestion purposed to Tho. Pcyner, it was alleged, there were two of that vote for Mr. Winstanley; but was threatened by Robert Name; and that one of them voted for Mr. Winstanley. Warburton to be arrested, and so voted for Mr. Carter.

Another Person was excepted to, as being a Roman That they also proved a Person to vote for Mr. Win-Catholick, and refusing the Oaths; but it did not appear, Stanley, who was not fat down to him in the Poll, the Oaths were tendered to him; only he was called to Some Witnesses were then called as to Persons, (poke that Purpose, but he was gone out of Court. to by the Petitioner's Witnesses.

2a And

4 Ann. 8°; — 9° Februarii. 137

And Ja. Norris said, that John, , one that

the Petitioner would add to his Poll, did not pay to the Church Rate.

J. Grope, Mr. Bole, Hughes, spoke to 11 others,

that the Petitioner's Witnesses had given Evidence against, to disqualifyj that, as to one, he was a Freeman 1 and, as to the 10 others, that they pud Scotland Lot.

Geo. Keiut, 1 That, by way of Reply, in answer to Mr. Cha. Prtjion. yBoley's Evidence, the Petitioner's Coun-fel called two Persons, who had B to their Names in the

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Winftatdey, Mr. be added to

the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Williams, an Infant (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, in the County of Huntingdon, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Freemen's Books; and they said, that they were made free on the Sitting Members Account, and did not pay any thing: The Mayor spoke to Kellet, and Mr. Martin to Befton, to take out their Freedom.

Mr. Tho. Carter. LAnd the Petitioner's Agent shewed jTnrcc or the Eleven^ th&t AtHtMMj tnc Sitting Member's Witness, laid, he could not find in the Freemen's Book} and therefore the Petitioner's Counsel alleged, that the Evidence on this Head was to go for nothing.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Geo. Beaumont is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Winstanley, Esquire, is not duly elected a

Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leicester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Laurence Carter, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leicester.

The first Four of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That James fVinftanley, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leicester',

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TdlcrsforthcY^g^f^* },o.

Tellers for the Noc,^; . j.jo.

So it passed in the Negative.

S*?ply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Wine Duties! ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extradion; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Edystone . Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Light-hous*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of ‘Trinity-house, to re-build the Light-house on the Edystone Rock.

Lord Ordered, That Sir Bacon, Mr. Bence, Mr. Strf"8ford'* Mr, Etheridge, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Thomson, and all

w' for Essex, Sussex, and Cinque Ports, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Defects of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount Strangford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Geo. Smith, Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declared the Uses of the said Recovery, is committed.

Williams' Ordered, That Mr. Farrer, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr.

Estate. JtJfop, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir Henry D. Colt, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Dull eel, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gould, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Harvey, Sir Rush. Cullen, Sir fVm. Phippard, You 15.

Sabbati, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Anns Reginas, 1705.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill to veil certain Lands and Tene- ThomehiU't ments in the County of Kent, the Estate of Richard Effete. Thomehill, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for payment of Debts, and his Sifter's Portion, charged thereupon, and for securing the residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 5 and that the Title be, An Act to veil certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thornehill,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and his Sifter's Portion, charged thereupon, and for securing the residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Mr. Mason do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to . , whom the Bill to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord c*shells* Bulkley, Viscount Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Estate. of leafing his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance and Satisfaction of the Trulls upon the said Estate, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for restoring to the Archbishoprick Archbishop-of Dublin the Town and Lands of Seatown, and re- rick of Dubpaying to William, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the llD Eftato* Money he paid for the same, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Third time

And an ingrofiTed Clause was offered, as a Rider,

That all Leases for Life, or Lives, or any Term of Years, which shall hereafter be made of any Lands or Tenements, hereby veiled.in the said Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and his Successors, shall be made at the full improved Rent, without any Fine, and to Protestants only, on Pain of forfeiting treble the Value of such Lands.

And the same was twice read, and amended.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for restoring to the Archbishoprick of Dublin the Town and Lands of Seatown, and repaying to William, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the Money he paid for the same, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Public whom the Petitions, relating to publick Mournings, was Mournings, referred, be made upon this Day seven-night.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estate, Bold'* Effete.

Bold, in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Moneys, to which the same is liable, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsand that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Richard Bold,

Mm in

Leave of

Absence,

Relief of Col. Rice.

Mr. Speaker acquaints House with receipt of a Letter. v

Bonds given for Duties.

9° Februarii. A. 1705,

in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Moneys, to which the same is liable.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hujtler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. West ox have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter, signed by James Dillon and William Staunton, relating to the Bill for the Relief of Colonel John Rice.

And the said Letter was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Mri Speaker,

WE have addressed ourselves to Sir D. Colt, to Mr. Solicitor-General, and then to my Lord Trea-fiirer, about a Bill, that is to be passed for £. 12,000, in behalf of an Irish Papifh Colonel, called John Rice.

We sent the Lord Treasurer a Copy of the Matter, that we will prove, as clear as the Sun, against Rice; which Matter will lave the Queen £. 12,000. We are now informed, that Rice, knowing this Matter, does give out, that it is to be proved by one Patr. Hurley, a Person guilty of Perjury in Ireland: But, Sir, we hope, you'll not suffer the Nation to be fooled out of so much Money by such an Imposition; for tho' it is true, that Hurly drew some Papers for us, yet he never was, nor shall be, concerned in the Proof. Sir, we were never tainted, nor never was yet sworn in any Case, being bred Soldiers. Send to my Lord Treasurer for the Copies of our Affidavits; and, since the Queen's Service requires it, we will now appear, to prove them, without any Concern with Hurly. If we save the Queen so much Money fairly, it is a Service worth looking after; and we desire you. Sir, to put a Hop to the Bill, till we are heard to the Matter we writ to my Lord Treasurer. If what we have to offer, be not fair, it can be no Hindrance to Rice, for we may be heard in an Hour, as well as in an Hundred; but no Well-wisher to the Government can be for him, when they hear, our Allegations are proved, and that we prove ourselves to be never otherwise reputed, than honest Men, and good Subjects,

Your humble Servants,

Friday, 8th James Dillon,

February, 170$. Wm. Stanton.

Ordered, That the said James Dillon, and William Stanton, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, upon the Third reading the said Bill, to be heard touching the fame, if they think fit.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of the Customs attended, according to the Order of Yesterday, they were called in, and presented to the House several Papers, and a List of them.

And Jthen they withdrew.

And the said Lift was read, and is, as follows; viz.

Papers herewith humbly presented to the honourable House of Commons, pursuant to their Order of the 8th of February, 1705.

N° 1. The Commissioners of the Customs Report, of the nth of October, 1700, on the Wine-merchants Petition, referred to them the 4th of that Month.

N#. 2. The Lords of the Treasury's first Order on the said Report, the 18th of October, 1700.

N°. 3. The Lords 2d Order of the 31st,

1700.

N° 4. The Commissioners Presentment, 15 January, i 700, proposing a Scheme for a regular Account of the Interest on Bonds, approved by the Lords.

N*. j. The Commissioner's Report, of the 22d November, 1705, on the Merchants Petition annexed, with my Lord Treasurer's Agreement thereto.

N° 6. A Paper of Minutes of Direction of the respective Dates to the several Officers concerned, relating to this Matter.

N° 7. Mr. Feme's Account of Bonds, Handing out for Interest only.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members.

The said Commissioners were again called in, and aflted several Questions, in relation to Bonds given to Merchants, and the Interest thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Answer of the Merchants, lately given in to the Lord Treasurer, upon a late Presentment of the Commissioners of the Customs, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Minute of the Treasury, in the Year 1700, of the Consent of the Merchants, to pay Interest upon their Bonds, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing an Supply Bill; additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and cer- Tonnage and tain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and addi- &°UDda8e* tirvnal Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be told, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Utes therein mentioned, be read the Third time upon T,uejdayMorning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Claodestine

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade with House, to consider further of the Petitions, relating to Turk*T-the Turkey Trade.

Ordered, That the Bill to impower the Lord High Whitley's Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Morgan Whitley, rown* Esquire, late Receiver-general for Chester, and North Wales, and Part of South Wales, be read a Second time upon Wednesday next, after One a Clock, in a full House.

A Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Sea- Increase of men, and for the better and speedier manning her Ma- Seamen* jesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be flain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for J. Holwsr-vesting the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement

with his Creditors; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Greenwich Hof- Six-peony

pitaldo lay before this House, an Account of what the deductions

1 - from Sea-

mea'sWages.

Moneys amount to, which have been raised by the Six- from Sea"

pence per Month out of the Seamens Wages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Importing Morning next, take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to im- \yinet power Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the first Day of January, 1704.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Recrrriting ing next (the first Business) resolve itself into a Com- the Army, mittee of the whole House to consider further of the 24 Bill

4 Ann.

9 — lK

Febrwrih

*39

Etri of Conway's Will.

Bill for the better recruiting her MajestyV Army, end Marines.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of , under the several

Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and

Mr. Farrer (according tQ Order) reported from the said Committee, that they had made several Amend* mentsjto the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there*

the Depositions relating to the lame. Evidence on Trials upon, agreed unto, by the House.

at Law, be read a Second time on Monday Morning next,

OpU's Will. Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Scawcn,

Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr. Onslow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making good the last Will of BarbardOpie, decease'd, by which a Farm, called Dean,

in the County of Southampton, is devised to Barbara Came, and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said De-vise, is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

Bill, with the Amendments, be

Regulating nightly W alch.

Ordered, That Mr. Mason, Mr. , Sir St.

Quintin, Mr. Mottfon, Mr. Ireton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

lamerie's,

&c.Nat

Lord Howe's Estate.

Lord Strang-ford's El'tate.

Crome's

Estate.

Luna, li° die;

Anno 4* Annas Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Vincent Lamerie, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Scrope Lord Viscount' Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Darell, Esquire, and Olivia his Wife, one of the Daughters of Philip Lord Viscount Strang ford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and readi setting forth, that the Bill, intituled, A Bill for supplying the Defects of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount Strar.gford, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recovery, will be prejudicial to the Petitioner Olivia: And praying to be heard by Counsel, or otherwise, before the same pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed} and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, by their Counsel, thereupon, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Valentine Crome, of Maiden Early, in the County of Berks; Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and make a Provision for himself, and Brother, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Manley (according to Order) reported from the Lord Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Power of Calhella' Richard Lord Bu/keley, Viscount Cashells, in the King- ^stat* dom of Ireland, of leafing his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance and Satisfaction of the Trusts upon the said Estate, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committtee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

J. Holwor-tby's Estate.

Relief of Lord Drogheda'*, &c. Regiment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord s

and Colonel Coote's Regiment, was committed, be now received.

Vol. 15.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act M.Holwor-for the removing all Doubts touching the laving Clause tby'*Eftat«. of one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands, of Matthew,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pigot, Sir John IVolftenholme, Sir Rushout

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Fra.Masham, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Mauley, Sir H. D.

Colt, Mr. Barker, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Gate, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Booth, Mr . Tates, Mr. Skippon, Mr.

Mr. Gwyrme, Mr. Gould, Mr. Pedleyand all, for Somersetshire, Wiltshire, and Devonshire: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Con-for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward way's Will. Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depositions relating to the fame, Evidence on Trials at Law, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn,

Lord Marquis of Hartington, Lord Hyde, Lord Wm Powlett, Mr. Kendall, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Roberts,

Lord Conningsby, Sir Ja. Mount ague, Sir Walter Tong,

Mr. Peyton, Sir John Holland, Sir Roger Bradfliaw,

Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Brigadier Cadogan,

Mr. Wylde, Mr. Serjeant Comins , Mr. Blatbwait, Mr. Barker, Lieutenant-General Erie, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Lamplugh, Mr. Harvey, Sir Rufliout Cullen, Mr. Strode,

Colonel Stringer, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Duckett, Mr. Cary, Mr. Manley, Mr. Graham, Mr.

Meyrick, Mr. Harley, Mr. Parker, Sir Jo. Mor Mr. Bromley, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Wentworth, Mr.

Whitchcott, Mr. Masters, Mr. Jefl'of, Mr. Medlycett,

Mr. Moyle, Mr. Portman, Mr. Mmckton, Mr. Strode,

Mr.

11° Febru

140

A. 1705.

Mr. Stringer, Mr. G. R. , Sir John Conway,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Fownes, Mr. Shocker ley, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Ed. Harvey, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Major-Ge'ntral Trelaw-ney and all, that serve for the County of Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Eari of Con- A Petition of George Lord , on behalf of Sir wa/i Will. John Rawdon, Baronet, his very near Relation (the said Sir John Rawdon being an Infant, and now in Ireland) which laid Sir John Rawdon is Nephew, and Heir at Law, to Edward late Earl of Conway, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Bill for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of the four Courts in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depositions relating to the fame. Evidence on Trials at Law, Sir John Rawdon, the said Infant, will be deprived of the Benefit of cross-examining the subscribing Witnesses to the Will (the Validity of which he will contest, when of Age) and other Advantages, if the same should pass into an Act: And praying, a competent Time may be allowed to the said Sir John Rawdon, to attend, ana be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that Counsel be heard before the Committee thereupon, on the behalf of the said Sir John Rawden, if the Petitioner think fit; and that the Committee do report the Matter of Fast to the House, and have Power to receive a Clause, that the said Sir John Rawden, the Heir at Law, may receive no Prejudice by the said Bill.

Into forfeited Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Eftaus. House, a Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland to make Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests, vested in her Majesty, as unfold by the late Trustees there, for the Uses therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Rowe's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Eftau. whom the Bill for veiling several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Recruiting The Orders of the Day being read; the Army. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, that they bad made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself again into the said Committee, at half an Hour after Two a Clock.

A Message froth the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Lords desire The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, a Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as their Lordships desire.

And then the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned:

Sir Richard Onslow reported, that the Managers appointed had met the Lords at the Conference; and that it was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Somerset; who said, the Lords had defined this Conference, to preserve a good Correspondence between the two Houses: And said, that their Lordships do insist upon their Amendments to Clause B, by this House added to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, for the Reasons following; viz.

The Lords insist upoa the second and third Amendments, made by them to the Clause, marked B, Press 1. L. 13, and 14, which relate to the repealing the Clause in the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limita- tion of the Crown, and the better preferring the Rights " and Liberties of the Subject," whereby Persons, having Offices or Places of Profit, or Pensions from the Crown, are made incapable of serving as Members of the House of Commons;

First, Because they conceive, that the said general disabling Clause ought to be repealed, as inconsistent with the Nature and Constitution of the English Government. For to enact, that all Persons, employed and trusted by the Crown, shall, for that Reason alone, become uncapable of being trusted by the People, is in effect to declare, that the Interests of the Crown, and of the People, must be always contrary to each other; which is a Notion, no good Englishmen ought to entertain.

Secondly, They think, such a Clause is manifestly injurious to the People of England, who are the proper Judges of what Persons are fit to represent them in the House of Commons; and therefore a Clause, which, in so great a measure, deprives the Electors of their Freedom in chusing, seems to be built upon a Supposition, that the People are become either so corrupt, or so ia-sensible, that they ought no longer to be trusted, in the same Manner, they have always hitherto been, with the Choice of their own Representatives, and may often deprive them of the Service and Assistance of the most valuable Men in the Kingdom; for that will always be the Cafe, when the Crown makes a right Choice, in filling Offices with Gentlemen of Interest, Probity, and Understanding.

Thirdly, The Lords apprehend, that the excluding Officers from fitting in the House of Commons may tend to increase the Number of Pensions there; which, they think, would be infinitely of‘more dangerous Consequence.

Fourthly, The Act made in the last Reign, for the frequent Meeting and Calling, of Parliaments, was intended, and seems to be, an effectual Security against any real Prejudice to the People, by introducing an excessive Number of Officers into the House of Commons: For the Nation, having such frequent Opportunities of new Elections, may help themselves at pleasure, by lessening the Number of Officers, or totally forbearing to chuse any of them; and this they certainly will not fail to do, as soon as they find them to be a Grievance.

Fifthly, The Government has subsisted happily, for many hundred Years, without any disabling Law of this Nature; and the Lords have observed, that the clamorous Discourses, spread about, in relation to the great Number of Officers fitting in Parliament, have been chiefly since the late happy Resolution; and yet within the Compass of that Time more excellent Laws have been made, for declaring, and securing, the Rights and Liberties of the People, and the Freedom of Parliaments, than in the Course of some Ages before; which does ' demonstrate, that there has been hitherto no Mischief from Persons in Office; and gives the Lords Cause to think, that such Clamours, though they may have created some Prejudice in the Minds of well-intentioned Persons, yet took their true Rife from ill-designing Men, who observed, with Regret, theaftive Zeal, with which those, who were in Employments under the Crown, 23 supported

4 Ann. i i° Februarit. i4r

supported the present Establishment, and pursued the have so many new Elections at such a Juncture, which Coafcrence common Interest of Prince, and People. must create many Disorders even amongst the best af- with Lord*.

Sixthly, The Amendment, made by the Lords to the fected Subjects, and will give a dangerous Opportunity to Clailfe B, secures the Kingdom against future Excesses all, that are disaffected, of disturbing the publick Peace, in multiplying Offices (not necessary for the Interest of Elections will, of Necessity, draw together great Num-the Government) upon any indirect Account, by dif- bers, and at the same Time make it impossible for the ablingall, who shall hereafter come into any new-created Government to watch over them, or to obviate ill De-or erected Offices, from being elected, or from fitting or signs, without doing what may be pretended to be an voting as Members of the House of Commons. The Infringement of the Freedom of Elections; so that great Lords have also, by the same Amendment, disabled all Bodies may get together, in order to set up the Interest Officers, relating to the Prizes, from fitting in the House of a Pretender to the Crown, without being observed, or, of Commons, according to the Intent of a Bill, which at least, without being opposed, till it may be too late for that Purpose was sent up to the Lords by the last to suppress them. For instance, suppose the Lords House of Commons. should agree to the Clause B, and that, at the Time of

Seventhly, The Commons, in the Clause B, admit it the Demise of her Majesty without Ifiiie, the Members, to be reasonable, that the general disabling Clause should that served for , should be disabled, so that

be regulated, and altered; and the Lords are of Opi- there must be a Proceeding to a new Election at that nion, that there can be no safe and just Way of making Place; at the Time of Election, according to known such Alteration, but by naming expressly, and in cer- Custom, the Garrison is to march out, and all Persons, tain and plain Words, what Officers ought to stand ex- who will pretend to a Right of giving Votes, must be eluded from the House of Commons, and to repeal the admitted. The mere Hating this Matter of Fact will general Clause as to all others. And therefore the Form sufficiently explain, of what fatal Consequence this may of the next Amendment of the Lords (from which they be (if Advantage be taken of the Opportunity) for put-cannot depart) makes it necessary for them to infill ting so important a Fortress into the Hands of such, as upon the Word " repeal," and not to admit, that the may be for from meaning to keep it for the Benefit of Words " regulated, and altered," should stand,. as the Protestant Successor. This may probably happen to being wholly improper with respect to the Lords next be the same at that Time in most of the other Garrisons,-Amendment. and the Enemies to the Succession, (who, if this Clause

the Lordsinfift upon their Fourth Amendment, L. 15; was passed, would know where new Elections must be)

Because that Amendment does in express Terms say, would not fail to make their Preparations accordingly, what Offices shall be excluded, and who shall be liable And therefore the Lords can never agree to a Clause of to the Penalty, mentioned in the Clause B, in case they this Nature, which is first to take place in the Parlia-afterwards presume to fit. This Method of the Lords ment, that is by this Bill to be continued, upon the De- gives a fair Opportunity of considering distinctly the mise of her Majesty without Issue; because it seems to Nature of the Office, and weighing the Reasons on both them to tend plainly to defeat the Design of the Bill, the Sides, before so hard a Judgment be passed, as that of Security of the Protestant Succession. excluding the Officer from his Scat in the House of Fourthly, The House of Commons desire the Clause Commons; whereas the Uncertainty of the Commons B, should be understood to be a self-denying Clause,

Clause deprives the Lords of any such Opportunity, since principally designed for excluding Officers out of the they cannot be sure of having under their Consideration House of Commons; whereas the Lords conceive the all the Offices, to which it will extend; and it cannot but Clause to be a claiming for themselves, and a Kind of be very dangerous to admit such an uncertain Clause, in seizing to their own Use, so many of the most consider-regard to the Time of it's taking Effect, upon the Demise able Offices in the Kingdom, the greatest Part whereof of the Queen without Issue; a Time, in all probability, are at least equally proper for the Lords, and have been when cautious Men will be willing to find an Excuse for often possessed by Lords, and other Commoners, fitting still, and even when wife Men will be apprehen- not Members of Parliament; and had these privileged five of acting; since, by*the Commons Clause, so great Officers been excepted, only for the necessary Informa-a Latitude will be left, for uncertain Determinations, as tion of the House, one or two of a Sort, or of each to the Persons, who shall, or shall not, be excluded from Commission, might have been sufficient for that Pur-Parliament. pose. The Lords also cannot omit to observe, the

Secondly, The Time, when this Clause is to take Commons offer no expedient, nor propose any Remedy, place, seems to be an unanswerable Objection (though it to restrain Members of the House of Commons from might be admitted at another Time) because it does soliciting, and procuring, for their Relations and De-directly contradict the main Design of the Bill, which is, pendents, all those Offices, for which they make Men to provide, that, when the Limitation to the Successor uncapable of fitting among themselves; and the Lords shall take place, all Things should remain in the same think, that, if Office* are so really destructive of free ‘

State they were left at the Time of the Demise of her and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, as the Com- Majesty without Issue; for which End the Bill expressly mons suppose, without feme Provision of this Kind be appoints, that the Parliament, which last met, and fat, made, Persons, who are within Doors, will remain as before that unhappy Accident, should be continued, in much liable to the Influence of Offices upon their Votes, order, not only to avoid the Mischiefs of new Elections as before; since Offices, given, or refused, at the Solici-at such a Time, but even Disputes in the House of tation of Members of Parliament for their Creatures, may Commons about Elections. But the Clause B, if it give as strong a Bias to their voting, as if such Offices should be agreed to, will make the House of Commons were given, or refused, to the Members themselves. become an imperfect and defective Body, by turning Fifthly, The Clause, marked B, is liable to Objection, out great Numbers of those, who were legally chosen, because it will exclude divers considerable Officers, who, and in Pofiession of their Seats, at the very Instant, when by the Nature of their Employments, might be of great the Nature of the Occasion necessarily requires, and the Service to the Publick in Parliament; and, on the other Bill expressly provides, that the Parliament must meet hand, does admit of many others, to whom, the Lords immediately* think, there are just Exceptions (in case k could be at

Thirdly, Experience has shewn, that when Men all fit to proceed in the Method, tkken by the House are engaged in Election of Members, to serve in the of Commons) and particularly to those, who have Pen-House of Commons, great Divisions arise amongst fions; which was ever thought the most dangerous Way them, and Animosities are heightened to a dangerous of influencing Members or Parliament, and was found Degree; and therefore nothing can be of worse Con- to be so in the Reign of King Charles the Second. And sequence, than to give Occasion for these unhappy though the Clause is restrained to Pensions of Inheritance,

Ferments in the Kingdom, by making it necessary to or for Life; yet it is well known, the Payment of Vo l. 15. N n. Pensions

14? 11" — -i 2° Februarii. A. 1705.

Pensions may be so precarious, that this Consideration alone may be allowed to affect Mens Votes, at least as much as an Office.

Sixthly, The Form and Method of the Amendment, made by the House of Commons, in naming such Officers, as they are willing should lit among them, and letting the general disablingClause remain as to all others, can never be reduced to such a Certainty, as may rea-l'onably be agreed to If the Lords had agreed to the Amendment, as it was sent up by the House of Commons, great Numbers would have been made uncapable of fit ting in Parliament, whom the Commons never intended to exclude. The Lords could still enumerate many other Officers, to whose Continuance in the House, they believe, the Commons could have no Manner of Objection, or, at least, for whose Exclusion no good Reason can be alleged; and many more may be involved in the same Misfortune, who may not now be called to mind. There needs no greater Demonstration, that this may be, than that, after the House of Commons had sent up the Clause B, in which they enumerated all the Officers, they then thought fit to allow to fit, and which they continue to say, in the Reasons delivered at the last Conference, was a competent Number, they have nevertheless, by an Amendment, made to their own Amendment, allowed many hundreds of other Officers to be capable of fitting, who flood absolutely excluded by their Amendment, as it was first sent up to the House of Lords.

Lastly, The Lords can never agree to this new Amendment, made by the House of Commons to their Clause B, as it was delivered at the last Conference, because that would be to admit, that the House of Commons cart amend an Amendment, made by themselves; than which nothing is more plainly against the Custom of Parliament, and the known Course of Proceedings between the two Houses, which, the Lords think, ought to be ever kept sacred. This Course of Proceedings is founded upon undeniable Reason: For if either House might be admitted to amend their own Amendments, it would directly tend to make Proceedings between the two Houses endless, and introduce all Sort of Confusion and Disorder in passing of Bills.

The Lords infill upon their 6th Amendment, Line 38;

Because the same is adapted to their former Amendment.

The Lords do also insist upon their 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, itth, and 12th, Amendments;

Because these depend upon the other Amendments, on which the Lords have infilled: For they cannot think it reasonable, that any Disabilities, or Incapacities, should take place in respect to a Parliament, before that Time duly thofen, and which had fat; much less in respect to a Parliament, continued only for six Months, to obviate Difficulties, which may occur to the Successor, and to preserve the publick Peace at so critical a J undure, as that of her Majesty's D'emife without Issue: And, on the other hand, the Lords think it reasonable, that such new Incapacities, as are thought necessary to be ordained, ought to take plaice as soon as may properly be, to the end it may the sooner appear, whether such Alterations will be justified by Experience.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Newfcund-whom the Petitions, relating to the Newfoundland Trade, were referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Regulating ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, Thames \\»-upon the River Thames, be read the Third Time upon ermen' Fhurfday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole Wlne House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extradion; and for more effectual retraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Edyflon* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Lghi-house. whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and AfliHants, of Trinity-hoitfe, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edystone Rock.

Sir John Woodhousebeing (by Order) to attend in his Privilege

Place this Day, in relation to the Matter of the wayed* Petition of JoJ'ephSharpe, of Thetford, in the County of

Norfolk; but he not attending;

Mr. Benson, from the said Sir John acquainted the House, that Sir John Woodhouse did not jnfift upon any Privilege in that Cafe.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Seymour, Mr. Norlhmore, Mr. Gon'* Roll, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Willis, Mr. Medlycotle, be ale" added to th^ Committee, to whom the Bill for vetting in Trustees the Estate of Morris Gu , Esquire, for the railing his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for Surry,

London, and Middlesex, be added to the Committee, tilate. to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Henry Lord CoUrane, and supplying the Want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry ddackworth, Mr. Carteret,

Lord Cheyne, Mr. Mounjievens, Lord Bulkly, be added to

the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Southwell, Sir Lord Hum. Mackworth, Lord Hyde, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. ®tf^"6ford

Conyers, be added to the Committee, to Whom the Bill for Applying the Defeats of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount in the

Kingdom of Ireland, and George , Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declared the Uses of the said Recovery, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Leave of Ordered, That no Motion be admitted, for any Member

Absence. gQ out of Town; and that no Member do presume to go out of Town, upon Pain of being sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Recruiting The House (according to Order) resolved itself again ray* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Martin 12° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Annae Regina:, 1705.

Praters.

TJENRY Centlivres took the Oaths appointed, in

order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Shackerley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways between Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and the City of Chester, was committed; and they had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to

report

4 Ann. I a6 Februafii 143

report to the House: Which he read in his PJace, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House} and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Fairfax's Mr. Bertie reported frorti the Corilmittee, to whom Estate. the Bill for Sale of the Manor of East Evening, and several Lands arid Hereditaments in , in the County of Lincoln, late the Earl of Ckrijlopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children, who are Infants, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had dircded him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gower's Mr. Barker reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the Bill for veiling the Freehold, as well as Copyhold, Estate of Thomas Gower, of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder 'on his two Daughters, who are Infants, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee } and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rowe's Mr. Bulteel (according to Order) reported from the Estate. Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Ilefidue for Payment of Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House,

Bonds given A Reply of the Merchants to the Report of the Corner Duties, missioners of the Customs, about paying interest on their Bonds:

And a Copy of the Minutes, tdeen at the Treasury a8* Januarii, 1700, relating to Wine Merchants Bonds.

And the said Reply, and Minutes, are, as follow; viz. Vo 1.51.

The same of the Wine Merchants, humbly laid before the Right honourable Sidney Lord Lord High Treasurer of England, together with a Reply to the late Report of the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs.

YOUR Lordship t#ing pleased to signify, by Mr.-Lowndes, to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs, that you referred to them the Allegations of our last Petition, and ordered them to lay before your Lordship a true State of the Matter of Fadl, together with their Opinion, what was fit to be done therein; we humbly crave Leave to reply to the Mistakes they have made.

Be pleased to allow us to intermingle those Hardships, wherewith we have struggled.

By reason of the Credit, that was formerly given at the Custom-house to the Wine Merchants, they were, upon Presumption of having the same Credit continued, encouraged to enlarge their Importations.

These larger Importations proved to the great, and foie, Advantage of the Crown; and, to carry them on, the Merchants did export great Quantities of Corn, and Woollen Manufactures, to Spain and Portugal, the Produce of which could not be brought home in several Years.

But after they had thus dispersed great Part of their EffeCls abroad, and lodged great Part of the rest in the Hands of the Vintners at home (from either of which they could not raise Money) they, though they could not recall this their expanded Trade, were surprized by an Order of the Lords of the Treasury, which required speedier Payment, than had been usual.

However, they did to their utmost comply therewith, and paid in their Money as fast as they could raise it; but, that they might hasten their Payments, they were forced to press the Vintners to that Degree (who used to have longer Credit) and thereby broke many, who would have flood; and the Merchants thus, not only ruined many Vintners, but also lost their own, otherwise, good Debts; and by this Means several of the Merchants were likewise broke.

The Merchants loft besides by the Wines they had by them; for few Persons in the Wine Trade buying with ready Money, and Wine being no staple Commodity, they, to comply with that Order, were forced to fell their Wines at publick Sales, and fold them (though they were found, and such, as had paid the full Duty) for less than the Customs they had paid for them. This they did by Wines, which, in their ordinary Course of Trade, they should have got Profit by.

Soon after the War broke out; and then great Part of their Estates were seized in Spain, as well as their Ships were taken by the Enemy, and destroyed by the many violent Storms.

They have greatly suffered by the late additional Duty, which has been. paid wholly by the Importers, the Merchants being not able to get one Peny the more for their Wines.

They have suffered for want of a regular Convoy from Portugal; because, on that Account, their Ships, which lhpuld have been here in December, or January at far-theft, have not come, these last three Years, till , and September; and thereby their Wines have been lo decayed, that great Part of them would not pay the Custom.

They have likewise suffered by having great Quantities of Port and Viana White Wines on their Hands; these bearing a very'low Price, now there are so many French Prize White Wines to be had, great Quantities of which have been fold for less Money, than the Custom of a Tun of Portugal Wine amounts to.

They have further suffered by the Sale of all Prize Wines in general; because the Vintners, and Coopers, have bought those Wines with the Money, with which they should have paid the Merchants.

It is impossible to carry on the Wine Trade, without giving treble the Credit, that is given to the Merchants

by

Bonds given for Duties,

144 r 20Februarii. . 1705.

by the Crown; and so the Merchants arc obliged to trust Vintners, not only with the first Cost, £ of their Wines, but allb with what they have paid at the Custom-house; and yet the Merchants receive no ready Money, but generally trust the Vintners 18 Months, or more, though responsible Men; and this they do, without receiving any Interest.

There are but few Merchants, can make any considerable Importations on their own Stocks; and yet, if they could, that Stock, though very large, would thus in one Year's Importation be, for the moll part, in the Vintners Hands, and there being no dependence on their Payments, to carry on the ensuing Year's Importation} so that, if the Wine Merchants are hardly used, and have not Credit given them at the Custom-house, they cannot make any considerable Importations, and by consequence the Revenue will fink.

Added to their other Hardships, their Credit (which is of the last and greatest Importance to Merchants) hath been unnecessarily exposed, the Commissioners of the' Customs having tent their Officers, to post on the Pillars of the Exchange an Order, therein certifying, That, if the Wine Merchants did not immediately pay off their Bonds at the Custom-house, Prosecutions would come out against-them; and this at a Juncture, that struck at the Root of their Credit: Many of them, before that Time, had Credit, to draw Bills for what their Occasions required; but after this, no Wine Merchants Bills (for a Considerable time) would (whether they had Bonds unpaid, or not) be taken; and, for this Reason, they could not value themselves on their Effects abroad.

The said Commissioners also sent to the Office of the Custom-house, where they pais their Entries, a List of the Wine Merchants Names, who were in Bonds at the Custom-house, and ordered (contrary to Law) the Entries of such Merchants should be stopt. This (their Ships being the n, in the River) put them to the last Extremities; for others, who seldom paid (one with another) £. 100 per Annum, could pass their Entries, whilst those, that paid from to £. 6,000 per , were exposed. These two last mentioned Hardships were the Foundation of almost all our Misfortunes.

That the Commissioners do not allow, that the same of Smalley comes up to the Point, the Merchants cannot but wonder; for, whereas they are pleased to report to your Lord ship, that he broke, and therefore they were obliged to abate him a great Part of the Principal, they affirm, he paid his whole Principal, and had his Bonds delivered up, without paying Interest; nor did he abscond, till the Commissioners ordered the Extent: And the said Smalley was more capable of paying Interest, than many of your present Petitioners; for though his Effects were at that Time abroad, and he could not then, without felling Part of his Estate, pay his Bonds, yet, when his Bonds were delivered up, without paying Interest, he had still an Estate left in England, besides his Effects abroad.

And here we humbly refer to the publick Books, which will demonstrate, how great a Disadvantage it will be to the Revenue, to discourage the Wine Merchants from giving Bonds. Without giving Bonds, Importations will be (for the above Reasons) almost destroyed; and yet the Crown hazards little by Bonds, the Extent (though other Creditors lose all theirs) securing^generally die whole Debt of the Crown; and the bad Debts, the Crown makes, are inconsiderable, in proportion to what every Man makes in his private Trade.

Permit us to set down, that in the Years 1700 and 1701 (which was the Time the Wine Merchants were made easy, and allowed Time for the Payment of their Bonds) the Customs amount to X. 888,073. 14;. 3 d. but since that Time they have funk almost half in half; the two last Years (notwithstanding the late additional Duty) amount to but £. 529,323. 3*. 4 whereas, had the Merchants had their usual Credit continued to them, they would have very much increased their Importations

from Portugal and Italy, and to have paid almost as much Custom, as in time of Peace.

As to the Interest, which the Commissioners report to have been paid by some Merchants of , it is

humbly hoped, that That will be no Precedent; by reason that those, who did comply, were not general Traders, and the Sums, they paid, were small, the whole not amounting to the Interest of s Bonds.

As to the Merchants of the Out-ports, they paying £. 4. ioj. per Tun less Duty, than the Merchants in London, can better afford it j and besides, they have many other Advantages in Trade, which the Merchants in London are deprived of.

Little Wine being exported, and consequently little Drawback thereon, it is humbly hoped, will make the Wine Merchants appear, as they are, the better Tenants to the Crown.

But the Wine Merchants have Debentures for many other Commodities, which they export, and also Certificates for Allowances on damaged Wines, which they have paid into the Treasury at the Custom-house, on account of their Bonds, now standing out against them; for these they have not had any Interest, though many of them were of as old a Date, as their Bonds.

It is a farther Hardship on the Wine Merchants, that, they have not the same Advantage, that the Importers of other Commodities have: For when their Commodities come to a bad Market in England, they can export them, and are allowed their Drawback, which is near the full Custom; but the Wine Merchants, who import found Wine, which, after they have paid the full Duty, decay on their Hands, cannot, by exporting those Wines, obtain the same Advantage; which if they could, the Drawback would be more than the Value of such decayed Wines.

What Encouragement there may be, when there is an open Trade, they -cannot pretend to prophesy; but humbly presume, that during this War, there is most occasion for Money, and therefore the greater Reason to encourage the present Importers.

The greater Encouragement is given them, the greater will be their Importation; which will make Wine cheaper, less encourage Retailers to sophisticate, and consequently consume more neat Wine, and thereby, of Course, increase the Revenue.

If the Discouragement, and Lodes, the Wine Merchants have met with (which have funk their Estates} are not considered, and relieved. Men, who are new Undertakers, and not acquainted with the Wine Trade, will (carce expect to succeed; for the many careful Merchants, who have gained Experience both at home and abroad, will be miserable Examples, how unlikely it is for them to thrive by trading in Wine.

As to what the Commissioners are pleased to report, concerning Wine Merchants having received Interest from the Crown, when they were, by Bonds, indebted to the fame; they own, the Charge very heavy, but at the same time solemnly declare, that they never received any such Interest.

As for the solemn Settlement the Commissioners are pleased to report, that the Wine Merchants agreed to; they know nothing of any such, nor did they ever (well knowing the Wine Trade could not bear it) sign any such Petition, wherein they agreed to pay Interest: They did indeed promise more pundual Payment of their Bonds for the future, and they have done their utmost to comply therewith; but, if the many unforeseen recited Accidents, and Hardships, have disabled them, they hope, your Lordship (since Care and Industry hath not been wanting on their Part) will, from your own innate Justice and Compassion, excuse them.

As to those, which trade with ready Money; they not only trade £.8 per Cent, cheaper than those, which

trade upon Credit, but they also chuse their Customers; and upon both these Accounts are greater Gainers than Traders upon Credit: And we dare appeal to the

Custom-

4 Ann. r 2° Februarii.

H5

Custom-house Books for Profit of, that the Traders upon Credit have moil advanced the Revenue.

Before we conclude, we cannot but with great Grief, acquaint your Lord ship, that near one fourth Part of the Wine-merchants, who in 1700 made their Application to the Treasury, have since failed, and ten times the Number of Vintners (who might in all Probability, for the most part have continued their Trade, and paid all their Debts, had not their Credit been so exposed, and torn in Pieces, by the aforementioned Hardships) have also broke.

We beg Leave further to acquaint your Lordship, that many of your present Petitioners, who have struggled with all these Inconveniencies, and with the greatest Difficulties, and paid their Principal, will inevitably be reduced to the Condition of the aforesaid afflicted

25 March 1699. 25 March 1700.

d. s,

Wine Bonds. 14,536 6 10 45,95 1 1

Tobacco Bonds. 43,958 14 7 30,991

Merchants, and Vintners, if they should be obliged to pay the Interest now demanded.

The Premises are humbly laid before your Lordship, with full A flu ranee of such Relief, as will make your Petitioners increase their Importations to such a degree, as will trebly compensate the Interest infilled upon.

Cockpit, Treasury Chambers, 28th January,

170$. Afternoon.

PRESENT,

Lord Godolphin, Sir Stephen Fox,

Mr. Chancellor, Mr. Hill.

Commissioners of Customs called in with Mr. Feme. The Commissioners present an Account (signed by him) of all Bonds in the Hands of him, or the Solicitor, due on or before

13 3

18 October 1700. £. s. d.

54»i*9 4 5 58,526 2 2

Totals.

£. s. d. 114,61012 4

*33.476 10 —

£ 58>495

76,946 14 4 112,645 6 71 248,087 2 4!

My Lords confirm their former Order, as Ito all the said Bonds, due on or before the 25th of March 1700; and as to the Bonds for £. 112,645. 6 s. 7\d. my Lords order, that the same shall be received without Interest, provided they be so satisfied before the 25th of March next.

The Wine Merchants are called in.

The preceding Minute is read to them: They earnestly press that instead of 25th March next, it may be the First Day of next Trinity Term; and promise to make no Application for further Favour, if they do not comply by that Time. Upon which my Lords do not think fit to order any Prosecution upon those Bonds before the said First Day of Trinity Term next; and are pleased to direct, that, in the mean time, the Receiver-General may receive the Money, due on those Bonds, without Interest; and he is also at any time before the said Trinity Term to receive Payment of the Principal only of all Bonds, becoming due between 18th lall, and the said First Day of Trinity Term next: And my Lords direct them to take warning, and not to expect any Forbearance hereafter, beyond the Resolutions now taken; but that all Bonds, afterwards to become due, shall be exacted with Interest, if they be not paid as they become due.

No Interest is to be taken for the £. 5,090. 2 s, 2f d. paid by way of Deposit' before this Day.

Ordered, That the said Reply, and Minutes; do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Charities on A Bill for the better collecting Charity-money on Bnefc. Briefs by Letters Patents, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Digby'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John' JDigby, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the

intent that the same may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Earl of The Lord Cheyne reported from the Committee, to

Kingston's whom the Bill for veiling the Inheritance of a Messuage Estate; and Gardens in A£ion, in the County of Middlesex, purchased by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in some Persons, in Trust for his Lordship, and his Heirs, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be , true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con* fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

Vol. 15.

and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fifii, in the Rivers within the County of Southampton, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Williams, an Infant (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Par-fonage of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedrai Church of Lincoln, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Ship Ltaken, and condemned as a Prize, and fold in the lfiand of Barbadoes, free, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Jervoys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making good the last Will of Barbara Opie, deceased, by which a Farm, called Dean, in the Parishes of Weston and Southwarmborough, in the County of Southampton, is deviled by Barbara , and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Terms, for Forty Years,

Ot in

Salmon

Preservation

Williams'

Estate;

U Amazon SUip.

Opie's

Will.

Abbington'a

EftaU.

Duties on Coals at Yarmouth.

Newfoundland, & c. Trade.

146 12° Fehruariu A. 1705.

in Trustees, which were granted by John Esquire, deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein mentioned, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abbington, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Dyfert reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Rates, to be paid by Unfreemen, Importers of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Clayton (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Petitions, relating to the Trade to Newfoundland, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That the said Committee, having taken into their Consideration the Answer from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to an Order of this House, as also several Petitions, to them referred, ordered several Papers to be laid before them, in relation to the said Trade, and examined several Witnesses to the Occasions of the Loss, that England now sustains in the said Trade, and received their Opinions, how the same may be retrieved, and improved; viz.

Mr. Roope; who said, that he has been an Inhabitant of St. John's Harbour, in , for many

Years, the Trade whereof is now almost overrun by the french; for that they having a strong Fort and Garison at Placentia, to secure their Shipping, and proteCl their Trade, the French fend their Convoys, and fishing Ships, early in the Year to Newfoundland; whereby they are able to compleat their Fishing, and return home, and to the foreign Markets, a Month or two sooner than the English j and by their Strength have driven the English from, and possessed themselves of, the best Bays and fishing Banks, in that Bland; and more particularly, that Captain Lloyd, then (and now again) Commander

of Fort William at St. John's, and the Forces there, having used the Soldiers in that Garison very barbarously, near thirty of the Soldiers at times, deserted and went to the French at Placentia; and in January last the French by them knowing the Circumstances of the English at St. John's surprized the Harbour by Night, murdered several Inhabitants, and plundered the rest, carrying away from thence, and other Harbours, to the Value ofj£. 100,000. and laid Siege for five Weeks to the Fort; but by the Courage and Conduct of Captain Moody, the then Commander, the Fort was preserved, and the French retired.

That he, the said Roope, was, amongst some other of the said Inhabitants, carried Prisoner to Placentia; where

25

he got Intelligence, that the French King had resolved a total Reduction of the English trading in that Island.

Captain Moody gave the Committee an Account of his Garison, and the Siege he sustained five Weeks, with 50 Men, against 600 French Canadians and Indians, loling but two Men in the Siege (excepting twelve, thatperished with the cold, in doing their Duty) killing (according to the best Account he could have) about 200 of the Enemy, when they retired, committing many Barbarities upon the English Planters, in their Return: And laid before the Committee his Journal marked A, of his whole Proceedings, whilst he was Commander of the said Fort, which was about fifteen Months, he succeeding Captain Lloyd; and was brought home, to make room for the said Lloyd again, but never knew, or saw, any Order for the lame. And the said Captain Moody laid before the Committee two Certificates, marked B, from the Inhabitants, and Commanders of Ships, of his Behaviour during his Command in Newfoundland.

Several of the Soldiers of the said Garison laid a Representation in Writing before the Committee, marked C; whereby, among other Grievances, they complain, that, when Captain Lloyd came to the Command of the said Fort, there was eight Months Subflstence due to the Garison, which he had received; but, denying the fame, prevailed with them to allow him one half, to pay them the other; which he did, but it was in Goods, at extravagant Rates; whereby they were deprived of near |ths of their said Subflstence:

And that it was customary for him to let the Soldiers to hire, in the Fishing Season, at £. 16 per Head, taking the Money to himself, and pretending to allow them the Valueofj£. 6 in Goods, and Cloaths, as aforesaid, which were not worth 50 s.as by the said Representation, marked C, more fully appears.

Doctor Jackson, Minister of the said Island, laid

before the Committee a Representation, marked D, of the Fort and Trade of the said Island, with Complaints against the said Uoyd, and his Garison.

Mr. Campbell said, that the French have settled 250 Indians upon our Parts, about Trinity Bay, and annoy the English in Summer as well as Winter, and have murdered many of the Inhabitants; and referred the Committee to the Representations of the Merchants, laid before the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, marked E.

Mr. Comins, Merchant, also laid a Representation of the Newfoundland Trade before the Committee; and the same was read, marked F.

Mr. Roope likewise laid before the Committee a Representation of a Constitution from Newfoundland in the Winter Season, marked G.

Commodore Bridge said, that when he was at Newfoundland in September, 1704, upon the Complaint of the Garison, of the intolerable Hardships they had suffered under Captain Lloyd (their then Commander) and that if the Commodore would not remove him, they would unanimously desert to the Fr; to prevent which, he commanded Captain Lloyd on board him, and left Lieutenant Moody Commander of the Place in his Room; who had a very good Character, not only from the Garison, but the Inhabitants also.

That he brought the said Lloyd from Newfoundland into England; who, upon his arrival here, made an Interest to reinstate himself again in his Roft at Newfoundland; whither he was sent in November last; and there told the said Bridge, that he had been at a great Expence in making such his Interest in England, but that he was resolved, the Inhabitants of Newfoundland should pay the same, and also what Losses he had sustained thereby; and that he had made such an Interest in England, that he would keep his Government there three Years.

That he has often went into, and come out of, the Fort, and has not sten any one Centinel upon Duty, under Lloyd's Command.

4 Ann. 12° Februarii. 147

That, notwithstanding this Testimony against Captain Lloyd, itappeared byAtteftations of the laid Commodore Bridge, which he himself gave in writing to the Commissioners for Trade, upon Lloyd‘s being brought into England (marked H) bearing date the 12th September, the 13th October, and the 6th December, 1704; viz.

That Captain Lloyd has at all Times acted like a Man of Honour, and good Governor, and given good Encouragement to the Industry of the People, and Fishery; and that by his prudent Management the Desertion of many of the Garison in Newfoundland was prevented; and that they desire, for the Good of that Country, that the said Captain Lloyd may be continued amongst them; but that he should repair to England, to represent the Uneasiness of the Garison in Newfoundland, because not relieved; which was-the foie, and no other, Reason, for his being ordered for England.

That, as to the improving, and securing, the said Trade, by what fell from the Opinions of divers Merchants, and others, attending the Committee, it appeared to be necessary, that fishing Ships to Newfoundland should not be liable to Embargoes, and the Men therein to be free from pressing, upon the outward-bound Voyages.

And, for the security of the said Trade, some were of opinion, that there ought to be four Forts, besides St. John's, in Newfoundland, viz. one at Ferryland, another upon Carbonier Island, another at Trinity Bay, and another at Bonnavice', for the Inhabitants to retire to

in the Winter, with their Effects, from their various Coves, and fishing Places, which are at remote Distances upon the said Island.

But Colonel Richards, an Engineer, and who was several Years Commander of St. John's, was of Opinion, that, as Forts would be very chargeable to the Government, he thought them useless; for that in Winter, when they should be useful, they can be but a flender Security; because, as all Ditches about such Forts must be filled with Snow, it would be easy for a Body of Men to enter the Forts; and that he could think of no better Way, than to repel Force by Force, by equalling at least, if not outhumbering, the Enemy.

And that, upon the Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Conservation, and Encouragement, of the Fishery and Trade to Newfoundland, is of the greatest Importance and Advantage to this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the French have encroached upon us in Newfoundland, and possessed themselves fix Parts in seven of that beneficial Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the uncertain, and unseasonable, failing of the Convoys to and from Newfoundland, has been a great Dif-couragement ^nd Disadvantage to that Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That theimprelfing of Sailors, and Fishermen, employed in that Fishery, has been very prejudicial to that Trade, and ought to be prevented.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That our present Scarcity of Seamen, and the increase of the French Seamen, antes chiefly from the visible Decay of our Newfoundland Fishery, and the Growth of theirs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better carrying on, and securing, the said Trade, there be fix Convoys, of fourth Rate Ships of War, yearly appointed: one to go with the Ships for Salt, to Portugal, by the 10th of February, and two to go with the fishing Ships by the 10th of March, from the Southern Channel, and one from Milford Haven, for the North fishing Ships (those Convoys to cruize, when at Newfoundland) and two other Convoys more, to go with the Sack Ships by the aoth of May, that the billing Ships may return by the 20th of September yearly.

---

[Newfoundland, &c. Trade.]

The first Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was wayed.

The Residue of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That an Address be drawn up, upon the said Resolutions, to be presented to her Majesty; and that it be referred to the said Committee, to draw up the said Address, and to report the same to the House.

[Riots in the Mint.]

A Petition of Wm. Hucks, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that having prosecuted a Statute of Bankrupt against Thomas Jones, a Victualler, fled into the Mint, against whole Estate the Commissioners did grant their Warrant; but they, in a riotous Manner, opposed the Execution thereof, and wounded the Messengers, and Assistants: That being himself some Time after, in High-street, Southwark, many armed Minters came to the House, from whence he was just gone, and in a riotous Manner demanded him, and threatening to murder him: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as may be of use to the Publick in the like Cases.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, is committed; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

[Relief of Col. Rice.]

[Mr. Speaker receives a Letter.]

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received another Letter from James Dillon and William Staunton, relating to the Bill for the Relief of Colonel John Rice.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

---

The Papers, delivered in by the Commissioners of Bonds given the Customs, were read: and they are bound up with for duties, the other Papers of this Session.

And the ingrossed Bill for continuing an additional Supply Bill; Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties Tonnage and upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties P°"nda6e> of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Wa^s and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be Ibid. for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses. therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That nothing therein should extend to discharge the Interest upon Bonds, entered into -for Duties of any Merchandizes, imported by any Company of Merchants, trading upon joint Stock.

And the same was twice read, and amended.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals,

Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thercuntd.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Public Re-ing next, take into further Consideration the Accounts venue* ami of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's Debti* happy Accession to the Crown.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday

Morning

148 ia° — 13 0 FebrA. 1705.

Morning next, proceed further to the Dispatch of the private Bills.

St Bridget'*, Ordered, That Mr. Herbert, Mr. Dry den. Sir John London, Wynn, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Halford, Mr. Mr.

- Clayton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill

for settling the Impropriators Tythes, or Parsons Dues, of the Parish of St. Bridget, alias Brides, London, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 Februarii;

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

T?RA N. Abraham la Conte, James Marquis, John * Gourdon, Peter NovellPeter Floreat, Abra. Charles Brander, Erick John Pelett, John

Gugleman, Geo. Lewis TeJJier, Gab. Chavillier, Abra.

Christian, Steph. Forace, Peter Baulin, Ja. Mark, Hen.

Defwiere, Jo. Buffett, Iferloo, Antb. Batkins,

Conrad Springell, Samuel Valentin, David

Lavides, James Bouch, Anth. Joardan, James Dufour, Adrian Vanbrakell, BarthFaire, James Scar done, Cornelius Whittennoon, Mick. Hue, David Bouden, Heymand Browner, John Costabadie, Theodore Laviere, Balt haze t Koel, Mofcs Pujolar, Andrew Samuel Frere,

Fra. De Farrell, Ozee Marcheay, John Laffeaver, Enoch Roulph, Chr. Sprider, Mathias Pater, Ever ord Warner, Martin Huy, Andrew Berkin, David Mortier, Peter Hemet, Peter de la Douefpe, Daniel Coulde, Anth. Fabrot, Zach. Loquet, Mich. Sl Jo. Boufquett, John Pi-gon, Peter Monies, Jacob Hue, Stephen Gill, Peter Her-bault, Benj. Malfalqueret, John Phil. Sbibell, Jerom Bar-boret, Jo. Hen. Sprogell, Abra. De Feale, Josiah Laconte, Jo. Teule, Jo. Defenne, Ifa. Hogyell, Barth. Morin, Peter Peach, Math. Hebert, Adrian Smithgriber, Christian Adolph, Ja. Delajlrelle, Peter Deverennes, John Thomas, Fran. Grimaudet, Peter Grot eft Dubffon, Pons Rave, Mich. Souchier, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Cave'* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sillers Portions, and settle other Lands, in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Verney do carry the Bill to the l<ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments j to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Land Tax. The House being informed, that the Agents for Taxes attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House (according to Order) An Account of the Debts, owing by the several Receivers of the Land Taxes, to the Year 1705, and who are the Securities for such Receivers; and also an Account of what has been paid in on thelalt Year's Land Tax.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

And the said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Amendment A Petition of Thomas Edwards, William Staunton, of the Law. Richard Snow, William Brudenell, Charles Baylffe, and Nathanael Webb, Gentlemen, on behalf of themselves.

and all other the sworn Clerks of the Court of Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending in this honourable House, for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice, concerns the Petitioners in point of Right: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Charles Duke of Shrewsbury was pre- Amendment fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if °ftbe the Bill for Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice, pals, it will lessen the Petitioner's Interest, as Trustee for the Countess of Newburgh, an Infant, . hath in a Duty of Six-pence for all Writs, which pass the Great Seal, and in respect whereof there is above £. 1,300 paid to the Crown: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Wm. Powlet (according to Order) reported Salmon P«-from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Increase, ^ervat*on* and better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fish,- in the Rivers within the County of Southampton, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed unto, and the Residue /with Amendments to some of them) were agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the better recovering of the Penalties laid by the Bill.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Queflioa put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) reported from the Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for die Army, the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the fame' were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, to Fo. 5. L 9; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Fol. 5. L. 10, being read a Second time, for inserting, after "Peace," "or lifting himself voluntarily}" whereby Persons, so lifting themselves, shall be free from civil Process}

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas } '*>

Tellers for the Noes, j / Pp0!f*; J 99.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as Clause C, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C, being read a Second time, the same was amended, and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against irregular lifting of Men.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers

D ized by

o

.° Februar

4 Ann. i 3

Tellers for the Ye.is,: }

Tellers for the Noes, \ } ,63-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to explain the Clause in the Bill, touching the 40 to be given to Men lifted.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TellersforthcY^J®^ — - } .0.

Tollers for the Noes,} }«54-

So it passed in the Negative.

Several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Amendment Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-of the Law. An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the

better Advancement of Justice, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Whitley'* Ordered, That the Bill to impower the Lord High Debt to the Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Crown. Time being, to compound with Morgan Esquire,

late Receiver-general for , and North and

Part of South Wales, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night.

Increase of Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom-Scameo. ' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty'sFleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be flain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade; and nothing to intervene.

Importing Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning certain next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Thomas Cary, and Geo. Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of Wine from Copenhagen, contracted for before the First Day of January, 1704; and nothing to intervene.

Swpply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning 'WiaeDwtit*. next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Relief of Ordered, That tire ingrossed Bill for the Relief of

Col. Rice. Colonel John Rice, be read the Third time Tomorrow, after One a Clock.

149

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of an Advowfbn in Sorocolif* Sussex, late the Estate of Michaei Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, Eitut*. for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow and Child, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the Sale of an Advowson in Sussex, late the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow, and Child.

Ordered, That Mr. Monson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and Rifley's Nat. Katharine, Rifley, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and Katharine,

Rifley.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carrry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual assuring of Part of the Lands and Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard, in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for assuring (in lieu of other Part thereof) other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. # L. , to leave out " our," and insert " of."

Pr. L. , to leave out " as," and insert " and."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual assuring of Part of the Lands of Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard, in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for assuring (in lieu of other Part thereof) other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of Lands in the County Stanhope's of Lincoln, late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, Eltale‘ deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. L. to leave out " Survivors and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the Sale of Lands in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That the Lord William Poivlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine-a Clock.

Jovis, 14.0 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Anna: Regin®, 1705.

Pratf.rs.

tjtAMES Paul, Benj. Bu Peter Buiffiere, Peter J Fevillerade, James Reymans, . De Rechellave, Alex.Reid, and John Munbran, took the Oaths appointed,

in order to their Naturalization.

Yo L. 15.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Cobb's Debt whom the Bill to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, the to the^rown* Act, passed the last Session, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mollo/* whom the Petition of Margaret and Mary Molloy was Lflat*. referred, be made Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Tomkins' whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, Debt to th* or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, Cr0WB*

P p to

15°

140 Februarii.

A.

i?°5-

to compound with Thomas , Citizen, and late

Merchant, o{ London, and* his Securities, for the Debt owing to her Majesty, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

St. Bridget's, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the

London, Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the Impro-

e*' priators Tythes, or Parson's Dues, of the Parish of St.

Bridget's alias Brides, , was committed; that

they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Buckingham Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

County Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire, for the County of Buckingham, in the room of Robert Dormer, Esquire, now one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas.

Sands'Estate. Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is defeended to the Daughters and Cohiers of John , deceased, who are 1 nfants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper Merchant, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made fbme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time 1 one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Watton at Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom

Stoae Par- the ingrotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

House ^e exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe *' Lands, belonging to the ReClory of Watton at Stone, in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House, and Lands, of greater Value, lying at Watton at Stone, as aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Hamilton's Mr. Meddlecot reported from the Committee; to whom fcuiite. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, a Minor, for Payment of Debts, and for railing Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee-farms, and Leases for Lives, during his Minority, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of this Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Irish forfeited Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mates, whom the Petition of M, Anne, and Grace -

ville, was referred* be made Tomorrow. iS

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Kuaue. Tenements, lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Dig by, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the Intent that the same may be fold, for the discharging of Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Anne Nevill, Spinster, was presented Ditto.' the House, and read; setting forth, that (lie hath, as Ihe conceives, by Deeds of Lease and Release, a good Title to the Reversion of the Lands and Tenements, late the Estate of John Digby', Esquire, deceased, above-mentioned: And praying to be heard, before the Lid Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the paying and clearing the StewartVAr. Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, was read the Third Anear,‘ time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. # L. # to insert " and Temporal

And Pr. # L. # to leave out " to be."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the paying and clearing the Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, and for the supplying the Defect of the Muster-rolls of those, and several other Regiments.

Ordered, That S'wjofeph Tredenbam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to inlarge the Power Lord of Richard Lord Bulkeley, Viscount in the £afheI,»'

Kingdom of Ireland, of leafing his Estate in Cheshire, for

Performance and Satisfaction of the Trulls upon the said Estate, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Colonel John Rice, Relief of was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Colonel John

Ordered, That Mr. Strode do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ordering and governing Regulating the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, Thames vv»: was (according to Order) read the Third time. termen, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be, An Act for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Coinag* missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to issue, Duties, out of the Monies arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Thz\. the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Amendment for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advance- of til* *" ment of Justice, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Pfgge'*

Liuu.

incks'

LfUle.

tlaodcstine Trade with Tuikey.

A fr ill's Por-cl ale oflriih lot tenures.

Cave's Liu te.

Stour

Navigation.

New Hoste Wool Port.

America*

Govern-

lueats.

4 Ann. 140 — 150 Februariu 151

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

oftre whole House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the Petitions, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, till the Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of George Watts, Franck , Gabriel Armiger, William Bathurst, William Thomas

Eyre, John Thomson, and Thomas Harris, Gentlemen, sworn Clerks in the Office of her Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are informed, there are several Clauses in the Bill for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice, which greatly concern their Practice in the said Office s And praying to be heard by Counsel touching the fame.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and in Halherjedge, and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Estate of Pegge, Esquire,

and mortgaging Part of his Manor, and Estate, of and in Beaucheiff, and Strawberry Lee, in the same County,

for railing Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to enable Trustees to fell several Houses, and Lands, in and near Port/-mouth, late the Estate of Eliz. for Payment of

a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Turkey;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Goods of the Growth of Turkey, being brought into England from the Ports of Turkey to the Ports of the Mediterranean, in French Shipping, or upon Frenchmen' s' Nccossnis; and that Mr. Paget, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of John Afgill, Esquire, in relation to his

Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without any Amendment:

AHo, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and to settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses:

Alio, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of

Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have likewise agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Town of New Rosse, in the County of Wexford in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom, without any Amendment.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Charter and Proprietary Go-Vol. 15.

vernments in America, and the Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom, and her Majesty's Plantations; and that Mr. Secretary Hedges and Mr. Blathwait do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the Master* Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edystone Rock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Anns Regins, 1705.

Praters.

QTE PHEN Foucher, John Foucher, James Banall, David le Bas, Mark Anth. Cromlin, Mark Anth. Pigon, John Barbet, Peter Lefcue, Daniel Duncan, and John Vincens, took the Oaths appointed, in order to

their Naturalization.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Scrope, Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mason, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Monckton, Sir holme, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Sir

Fra. Maffam, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Squire, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Rowney, Sir Ro. Dovers, Lord Chene, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Gate, Sir Ro. Edon, Sir Rufhout Cullen, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Barker, Mr. Monson, Sir Tho. Webster, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Clayton, Mr. England, Mr. Windsor; and all, for the Counties of Nottingham, York, and Suffolk: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord Drogeda's and Colonel Coote's Regiments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief of the non-commissioned Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord Drogheda's and Colonel Coot's Regiments.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.-

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Vincent Laymerie, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Gate, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir John Woljlenholme, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bromley, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Chandler, Sir Ro. Edon, Sir Hard.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Monckton, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Monson, Sir Wm. Huffier, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Pitfeild:And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Valentine Crome, of Maiden Early, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself, and Brother, was read a Second time,

Resolved,

Edystone Light-house.

Lord I-Towe's Estate*

Relief of Lord Drogheda's, &c. Regiments.

Laymerie's, &c. Nat.

Crome'll

Estate.

I51

15° Februa

J. 1705.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jeffhp,

Sir Hard. Wefineys, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Monti on, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Squire, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Lamp high, Lord Poivlet, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bridges, Sir H.D. Colt, Mr Br finer, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Barker, Mr. Pilfcild, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Peyton, Sir Robert Eden, Sir RujhoutCullen, Mr. Chafe, Sir Fra.

Mr. Vernon, Mr. England:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Jt Hohvor- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tby's Eitaie. for vesting the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridges, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Vernon, Sir Ro. Eden, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Johnfdn, Mr.

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Whitfeild, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Kaye, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Dry den, Mr. Compton, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Clayton, Mr. New land. Sir Jof. Mr.

Barker, Sir Fra. MaJliam, Mr. King, Sir IVm. hlujller: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Parton Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Harbour, the Bill for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; that they - had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on A Petition of 'Thomas Bickejleth, John Cuningham, and wrecked Thomas Hormby, all of Liverpool, in the County of

a 1‘ caster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, in 1702, 1703, and 1704, shipped on board three several Ships great Quantities of Salt from Liverpoole, and entered the same at the Custom-house there, for Exportation for Ireland-, the one of which Ships was loft in the Port of and the other two on the Coast of Ireland-, so that no Certificate could be brought of the landing of the Salt there, in order to discharge the Security: And praying, a Provision may be made them, by allowing the Duties upon Salt, loft or taken by the Enemies, going for Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Ext raft ion; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; is committed.

Six-penny The House being informed, that the Secretary to Deductions Greenwich Hospital attended, he was called in, and, at froin Sea- the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of the mens ages, ^jonCy^ ra;fec} by the Six-pence a Month out of the Seamen's Wages.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

And the said Account is, as followeth;

IN Obedience to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated Sabbanone die Februarii, 1705, the Commissioners for the royal Hospital at Greenwich do humbly tepresent, that the Six-pence Month, raised out of Seamen's \\ ages, and paid to John Evelyn, Esquire, late Treasurer, and William Draper, Esquire, now Treasurer, to the said Hospital, as by the several Accounts given in, and signed by, the said Treasurer, and hereunto annexed, may appear, doth amount to

the Sum of Ninety-seven thousand One hundred Fifty-one Pounds, four Shillings, and eight Pence, three Farthings.

£.97,151. 4. 8i. By Order of the Directors.

V,

The ACCOUNT of the 6d. per Month, raised out of Seamen's Wages, and received by Win. Esquire,

Treasurer for the royal Hospital at Greenwich, between the 10th of August, 1703, and the 14th of February, 1705, amounts to the Sum following; viz.

s. d.

From Sir Thomas Littleton, TreaO

lurerofher Majesty' Navy - 3 19j°00 *"*

From Mr. Tho. Reynolds, Receiver!

of Deductions made by Mcr- r 8,224 a

chant-men - - - -J

Received by John Evelyn Received by Wm. Draper

£.27,224 2 2

William Draper.

£ d.

- 69,927 2 6 i

- 27,224 2 2

£ 97P 51 4 8i

The ACCOUNT of the 6 per Month, raised out of Seamen's Wages, and received by Evelyn, Esquire, late Treasurer to the royal Hospital at Greenwich, between the 23d of December, 1696 (the first Payment being then made) and the 10th of August, 1703, amounts to the Sum following; viz.

From the Bight honourable the*

Earl of Orford, the late Trea- £. s. d. surer of the Navy, and Sir Tho. ' 43,444 10 5I Littleton, the present Treasurer of her Majesty's Navy - -

From Mr. Wm. Bathurst, the late*

Receiver of the Deductions made by Merchant-men, and 26,482 12 i{ Mr. Tho.Reynolds, the present Receiver - - -....

£.69,927 2 6i

John Evelyn.

Ordered, Thsit the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to fell several Houses, and Lands, in and near Portsmouth, late the Estate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Trustees to fell several Houses, and Lands, in and near Portsmouth, late the Estate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and in Hatherfedge, and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Estate of Christopher Pegg, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor, and Estate, of and in Beaucllffe, and Strawberry Lee, in the same County, for railing Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of the Manors, and Estate, of and in Hatherfedge, and Dore, in the County of Derby, the

Estate

Hicks'

Ltiate!

Pegge'a

Eftai*.

c-

4 Ann. 150 — 160

Estate of Clirijtopher Peggc, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor and Estate, of and in and Strawberry Lee, in the same County, for raising Money, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances ' thereon, and for making Provision for his Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Monckt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

I^rd An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Power of Richard

Cashelli' Lord Bulkley, Viscount in the Kingdom of Efute. Ireland, of leafing his Estate in for Performance

and Satisfaction of the Trusts upon the said Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and, that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord Bulkley, Viscount Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

of leafing his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance -and Satisfaction of the Trust upon the said Estate.

Ordered, That Nr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Rowe'» Ordered, That the ingrafted . Bill for veiling certain Estate. Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Vaughan'* Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for veiling the Estate Estate. of Arthur Vaughan, of Tretkerwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees; to be sold for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the lame, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Deane'* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ^ale* whom the Bill for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton and Dorjct, late the Estate of Thomas Deane, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning

Bildwyn's Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for veiling Part of Estate- the real Estate of Ralph Baldwin in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Farmer'* Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, Estate. m whom the Bill to enable John Farmer to fell a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester, and for making a further Settlement of other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confirms to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wme Duties. re(oive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation^ of foreign-cut Whalebone;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to indemnify such Persons as have by Mistakes incurred the Penalty in the Acts for granting Duties on stamped Paper, Vellum, and Parchment, so as the Duties be paid.

And then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Vol. 15.

at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to enable John Williams, an Infant (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for veiling the Freehold, as well as Copyhold, Estate of Thomas , of

Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder on his two Daughters, who are Infants, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for taking into Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords upon Monday lad;

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Report of the Conference was read.

The second Amendment, L. 13, and 14, made by the Lords to Clause B, added by this House as an Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line (to which Amendment this House had disagreed) being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TH- *» -be *{ % % %

Tellers for the Noes,) arVff&Lr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next (and third) Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Clause, L. 1 £, being read;

Resolved, That the said Amendment be postponed.

The next (and fourth) Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Clause, L. 15, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Candles be brought in;

It pafi~ed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 16° die Februarii j

Anno 4* Annas Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

MR. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Lewis Legrand, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for veiling certain Terms, for forty Years, in Trustees, \Vhich were granted by John Atbington, Esquire, deceased, and to impower

them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein mentioned, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abbington, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for repairing the Highways between Whitchurch, in the County of

Q q Salop,

William* Estate.

Gower's

Estate.

Conference with Lords.

Members

summoned.

Candles.

Legrand'*

Nat.

Abbington*!

Ellate.

Chester

Roads.

154 16° Februarit. A. 1705.

Salop, and the City of Chefitr, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Tomkins' Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee,

Debt to the whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, EOWOi or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas , Citizen, and late

Merchant of London, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John Chaigneau, to them referred; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed, and one of them disagreed, unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding the recital Part of the Clause, which im-powers the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Chaigneau, and his Securities, for Debts owing by him to her Majesty, after the recital Part of the Bill, and the enacting Part of the said Clause, at the End of the Bill.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

J*"*'8 Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton, and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Deane, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Cobb'* The Lord William Powlet reported from the Com-

Crow10 to wh°in the Bill to rectify a Mistake in, and

rowa* explain, the Act, passed the last Session, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-General for the County of Southampton, and Jlle of Wight, was committed; that they had examined

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

thTcrown. Mr. Borlace reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Francis as Surety for

William Penneck, late of Exon, Merchant, in Six several Bonds for Duties on Tobacco, which the said William Penueck had at the Port of Falmouth in December, 1701

was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamilton'* for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, fciuue. a Minor, for Payment of Debts, and for raising Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee-farms, and Lcales for Lives, during his Minority, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Legrand'* for naturalizing William Lewis Legrand, was read the 'Nat-Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wattonat for the exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Stone Par-Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of Watt on at fonaoeHouM Stone, in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House, and Lands, of greater Value, lying at Watt on at Stone, as aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler,

Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Nevill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Newfound-, it was referred to draw up an humble Address, to be land Tradtf presented to her Majesty, in relation to the Newfoundland Trade; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was twice read, and is, as followeth; v

May it please your most Excellent Majesty:

WE, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, humbly take Leave to represent to your Majesty, that the Conservation, and Encouragement, of the Fisherjj and Trade of Newfoundland, is of the greatest Importance and Advantage to this Kingdom.

That the Encroachments of the French, the Accidents of the War, and the Uncertainty of Convoys, have very much impaired this Fishery; for the restoring whereof to its former Condition, nothing can more contribute, as we humbly conceive, than a certain and fealbnable Departure of the Convoys to and from Newfoundland, with Protections for the Seamen, and Fishermen, employed in that Trade; which is the best Nursery of Seamen for this Kingdom, and is so likewise to the French, whose Naval Force is much increased thereby.

We do therefore most humbly recommend to your Majesty this so beneficial Trade; and pray, that, for the better carrying on, and Security, thereof, your Majesty would be graciously pleased to give the necessary Orders, that timely Convoys, of good Strength, be appointed yearly for this Trade, as well for the Merchant Ships, going to Portugal for Salt, as for the Fifiling Ships, failing from the South and North Chanel, as likewise for the Sack Ships; which Convoys, when arrived

4 Ann.

i6° Februarit.

I5S

rived at Newfoundland, may cfuize upon that Coast, and protest the several Harbours from the Enemy, and return, as early as may be, with the Fithing Ships from thence; and that your Majesty would give such further Directions, for the Preserva'tion of this Fishery, as to your Majesty, in your great Wisdom, and provident Care . of your good Subjects, trading to shall

seem meet.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address.

'Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Lord Strang- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Amt'sEstate. whom the Bill for supplying the Defects of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount Strang ford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Esquire, his eldeftSon, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recovery, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

fori of Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for veiling the Inhe-

Kingston* ritance of a Messuage and Gardens in AElon, in the County of Middlesex, purchased by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in some Person, in Trull for his Lordship, and his Heirs, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next. 9

;Duties on Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for regulating and Coals at ascertaining the Rates to be paid by Unfreemen, Im-Yarmouth. porters of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, be read the Third time upon Monday

Morning next.

Army Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Arrears! the Report of the Petition of the Commission and Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, now or late belonging to the Regiment, commanded by the honourable Brigadier Villiers, afterwards by Major-general Leveson, and now by Major-General Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest, now in Service in Portugal, was committed, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts x>f the Lord Coningsby, and Mr. Fox, late Paymasters of the Forces in Ireland, that the Money, paid for cloathing the said Regiment, by Assignments, and otherwise, from the First of September, 1689, to the First of April, 1692, amounts to more than the Off-reckonings for that Time, by jC-3*555- oj* 3^- an<i that the 259 Horses, proved to be loft by two Misfortunes, mentioned in the said Petition, remain charged to the Regiment, for £.2,590, both amounting to£.6,145. os. but by the Book of the late Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament to state the Accounts of the Army, there appears only £.3,875. i8j. icf d. to be proportioned, and charged an Article of Deficiency in the Account of each Officer, and of each Troop j which is the exact Sum petitioned for.

That it likewise appeared, that the said late Commissioners did, pursuant to the Authority given them by the said Act, give Certificates for Debentures to the said Regiment, to the full of what was due to them upon the Establishment; but they had no Power to give Certificates for Debentures for Losses, which happened to that Regiment, which have been usually paid by contingent Warrants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Vaughan's An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estate of Arthur Eftats. Vaughan, of Tretherwen, in the County of Montgomery, in Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such Vo l. 15.

Debts and Incumbrandes, to which the lame, of the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be* An Act for vesting the Estate of Arthur Vaughan, of Tretherwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant* in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable.

Ordered, That Mr. Mompeffon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is defeended to the Daughters and Coheirs of John Petr git er, deceased, who are Infants, out of such

Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for veiling a Messuage and Tenement in Rockbear, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of John Vicary, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts charged thereon, and for Maintenance of his Widow and Children, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for veiling Part of the real Estate of Ralph Baldwin, in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate of Ralph Baldwin in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Majfam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill for veiling certain Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settemlent, and the Residue for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

A Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the said Act should prejudice his Daughter's Interest to a Messuage, called High Hey.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the residue for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Pagit (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to prevent Goods, of the Growth of being

brought into England from the Ports of Turky by the Ports of the Mediterranean, in French Shipping, or upon Frenchmen' % Accounts; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning

next.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be directed to hear the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Bewdley, upon Tuesday next, in the Afternoon j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.jj^ },oS-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message

Sand*

Estate.

, Vicar/t

Estate.

Baldwin*

Estate*

ttowe'a

Estate*

Clandestine Trade with Turkey,

Bewdley

Ele&iott,

Supply Bill; Tonnage and Poundage, &c.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Edwards'

Estate.

Duke of

Ormond's

Estate.

Newcastle under Lint $ledion.

Army

Arrears.

Conference -with Lords.

Public Revenues 'and Debts.

Edyilone

Light-house.

Royal Assent to Bills.

156 16° Februarii. A. 170s.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Regers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1706, without any Amendment:.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell cretain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling James Duke of Ormond, and Charles, Earl of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement, upon the Marriage of the said Earl of , and for making good several Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in Fee-farm; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being rtiade, and the Question being put. That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be directed to hear the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Newcastle under L, in the County of Stafford, upon Thursday next, in the Afternoon j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ye«$£ }-47-

Tellers for the Noes|^; j.l«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the Lady Mary Kirk was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning neit, take the Report of the Conference with the Lords upon Monday last, into further Consideration.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, take into Consideration the Account of the Revenues, and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity House, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edystone Rock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being Returned,

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had ‘been pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Dutifcs ilpon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One tficu-sand Seven hundred and Six:

An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals Culm, and Cinders, and.additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service'of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six, and other Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for making the Town of , in the

Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom:

An Act for making the Rives navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the

Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for confirming an Agreement, made upon the Marriage cf Charles Owen, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, of Nash, in the County of Pembroke:

An Act to permit the making up of Cloaths with Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for c'oathing the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding. the Act against Cloth Buttons:

An Act for the Relief of Sir Stephen Evans, Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esquire:

An Act for supplying a Defect, by the Death of a Trustee, in the Appointment of Provi lions for the younger Children of Henry Smaltnan, Esquire, deceased, and for making the said Provision more eftlftual for such younger Children:

An Act for the Relief of Colonel Samuel Fenner:

An Act for naturalizing Adelaide Duchess of Shrezvf-bury:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Peche'/s, and others:

An Act for the Relief of John Afgill, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland:

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, to fell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raile Money to pay his Brothers and Sillers Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses:

An Act to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts:

An Act for naturalizing William Lewis Le?rar.d:

o O

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate Hamil-

ton, Esquire, a Minor, for Payment of Debts, and for railing Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee-farms, and Leases for Lives, during his Minority:

An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the lteftory of Walton at Stone, in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House, and Lands, of greater Value, lying in Watton at Stone aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip,

Esquire:

And that afterwards her Majesty had been pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament: Which Mr. Speaker read to the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I CANNOT but take this Occasion to return you my hearty Thanks for the great Care and Concern you have shewn, to promote every thing in this Session, that may tend to the publick Good.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I inult thank you, in particular, for your having (o fully complied with your Assurances to me at the opening of this Parliament, that you would give all possible Dispatch to the publick Supplies. There is scarce any ' Instan'ce to be given, where so great, and I hope, effectual. Supplies have been perfected in so short a Time.

I look upon this to proceed, not only from your great Zeal for the publick Service, but from a just Imprelnon upon your own Minds, that there is a Necessity of making

extra-

Qwen'i

Speech.

4 Ann. i6" — 180 Febrmrii. ijf

extraordinary Efforts, to support and encourage our Allies, and to be early in endeavouring to dHappomt the Designs of our Enemies.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It will be convenient to make a Recess in fomefhort Time: I hope therefore you will continue to give all necessary Dispatch to what may yet remain unfinished of the publick Business before you.

Edystone Sir Robert Daversi reported from the Committee of

Light-house. whole House, to whom the Bill for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of to

rebuild the Light-house on the Edystone Rock, was committed; that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Increase of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Seamen. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet; and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be llain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service i and for the Support of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topkam took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topbam reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon IVMom-

Wine Duties, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction,* and for more effectual retraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Irish Army Ordered, That Sir Tho. ^ravell Sir Ch, Turner, Mr.

Arrears. Chambers, Mr. Walpole, be added to the Committee, to

whom the Bill to authorize and impower the late Paymaster-General of her Majesty's Forces to make out a Debenture or Debentures, unto Colonel Venner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospitals for the Sick and, Wounded in Ireland, for the Sum of One thousand Ninety-nine Pounds, Two Shillings, and Five Pence Halfpeny, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

of Thomas Gower, Gentleman, deceased, In T-ruftees, for be fold, for Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder for the Benefit of his two Daughters.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto*

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Veiling the Estate, Sedley's late of Sir Charles Sedley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, ElUtr.

for Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Charles Sedley, and for compounding his Legacies, and for laying out ' the Residue of the Monies in a Purchase, to be settled according to the Limitations of the Will of the said Sir Charles, and for allowing a competent Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the younger Children of George Sedley, Esquire, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to make the Ship I/Amaso. L'Amazon, taken and condemned as a Prize, and fold Ship, in the island of Barbadoes, free, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable John Farmer's Farmer to fell a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culey, Estate. in the County of Leiceft'er, and for making a further Settlement of other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Williams, an Infant Williams' (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Eilat*. Parlonage of Bugden, in the County of Huntington, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That t he Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable John Williams, an Infant (notwithstanding his Infancy) to renew a Lease of the Parlonage of Bugden, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Poeklington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Toke (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Defects of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount Strangfordof the Kingdom of Ireland, and

George Smith, Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recovery, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, and particularly Mr. Darell (whose Petition was referred to the Committee) had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; whore the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lord

Strangforcfip

Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better coliefling Charity- charitie* on money on Briefs by Letters Patents, be read the Second Briefs, time Tomorrow Morning.

Lunce, 18* die;

Anno 40 Anns Regins, 1705.

Praters.

Gower's A ingrossed Bill for veiling the Freehold, as well as Estate. Copyhold, Estate of Thomas Gower, of Edmonton

in the County of Middlefetr. Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder on his two Daughters, who are Infants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estate Vol. 15.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Middleton's whom the Bill for vacating a Settlement, made by Ben- Eftat*. jam in Middleton, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of Westmorland, and for discharging the said Benjamin Middleton, send Charles Middleton, Mercnan t, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants, in the said Settlement contained, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathaniel Booth, Esquire, is Arrws. refened, be made Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

Rr «c

Edystone

Light-house

Lord

Colerane's

EfUte.

Goulfton's

Estate.

Sadleir's

Estate.

Chester

Roads.

Chaplain.

Cobb's Debt to the Crown,

*58

18° Februarii.

A. 1705.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of

house, to rebuild the Light-house on the was committed; the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Slight honourable Henry Lord Colerane, and supplying the want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned hath given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Morris Gouljloni Esquire, for the raising his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee^ and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Temple alias Dinjly, and

.other Lands, in the County of for Payment of

the Debts of Sir Edwin Sadleir, Baronet, and other Purposes; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between Whitchurch, in the County of , and the City of Chester, was read the Tfiird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highways between Barnhill and Hatton Heath, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will please to bestow some Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Thomas Goddard, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, the Act, passed the last Session, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of

the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, be read the Third time upon Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Increase, and Salmon better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Preservation^ Rivers within the County of Southampton, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Frauds by whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts. Bankrupts, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Inheritance of a Earl of Messuage and Gardens in AEion, in the County of Kingston's dlesex, purchased by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of KingJIon upon Hull, in some Person, in Trust for his Lordship, and his Heirs, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill, the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass-; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting the inheritance of a Messuage and Gardens in AElon, in the County of purchased

by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of Kmgston upon Hull, in some Person, in Trust for the said Earl, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheynedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Terms, for Forty Abbinatou'i Years, in Trustees, which were granted by John Abbington, Estate. Esquire, deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Ufege of the Manor therein mentioned, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abbington, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

And some Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting certain Terms, for Forty Years, in Trustees, which were granted by John Abbington,

Esquire, deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Ufege of the Manor therein mentioned, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abbington.

Ordered, That Mr. Stevens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Pier Partoa and Harbour of Par ton, in the County of Cumberland, Harbour, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for settling the Im- st. Bridget's, propriators Tythes, or Parson's Dues, of the Parish of London,

St. Bridget's, alias Brides, London, be read the Third Tythes. time Tomorrow Morning.

Digby't

Estate.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements, lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digby, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that the same may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon, be read a Second time To-morro\y Morning.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take importing into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords certain to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from

Copenhagen,

4 Ann, i 8°

Copenhagen, con t rafted for before (he first Day *7°4>

And the same were read, and are, as follow; *

The first of the said Amendments, being read a Second . time, was postponed.-

The second of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It pafi'ed in the Negative.

The Consideration of the first Amendment, which was postponed, being resumed;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw upReafons, to be offered at the said Conference;

And it is referred to Sir Fran. Child, Sir William

Ashurst, the Lord Marquis of Sir. Gilbert

Heathcot, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. , Sir Jo/. ham, Mr. Moor, Sir Tho. HSir Henry

the Earl of Dyfert, Sir Wm. , Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Skippon, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bromley; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

PuniAing Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Act, made Mutiny and in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, efertion. intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, ' and falle Musters, and for the' better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Amendment Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, «f the Law. relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

Clandestim A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Trade with That the Bill to prevent the Goods, of the Growth of Turkey. Turkey, being brought into from the Ports of

Turkey, by the Ports of the , in French

Shipping, or upon Frenchmen's Accounts, be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Member* Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into West-summoned. minster-hall, Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and

summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Conference The House (according to Order) proceeded to take with Lords. into further Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords upon Monday last.

And the fourth Amendment, made by the Lords to the Clause B, added by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, being again read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, made by the Lords, by inserting, after Prizes," the Word " Secretary."

And the Question being put. That the Word Se- cretary" beinferted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Vol. 15.

{The Lord Marqtiis of Hartingtoni >208.

Mr. Compton: J

Tellers for (he Noes ^R^rMoJl,: }‘96'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, made by the Lords, by inserting, between the Word, " Prizes" and the Word " shall," these Words, " nor any Comptroller of the Accounts of " the Army, nor any Commissioner of Transports, nor " any Commissioner of the Sick and Wounded, nor u any Agent for any Regiment, nor any Commissioner " for Wine Licences, nor any Governor, or DeputyGovernor, of any of the Plantations, nor any Commissioner of the Navy, employed in any of the out-'

" ports, nor any Person, having any Pension from the " Crown, during Pleasure."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, made by the Lords, by inserting,' after the Word " holden," and before the Word " and, " these Words, " Provided always, that if any Person,

" being a Member of the House of Commons, shall at " any Time after the Dissolution, or Determination, of " this present Parliament, accept of any Office of Profit from the Crown, during such time as he shall c continue a Member, his Election shall be, and is " hereby declared to be, void, and a new Writ shall " issue for a new Election, as if such Person, (b accepting, was naturally dead: Provided nevertheless, that " such Person shall be capable of being again elected, " as if his Place had not become void, as aforesaid.

Provided also, and be it enacted, that, in order to " prevent, for the future, too great a Number of Com-".missioners- to be appointed, or constituted, for thd executing of any Office, that no greater Number of " Commissioners shall be made, or constituted, for the Execution of any Office, than have been employed " in the Execution of such respective Office at some u Time before the First Day of this present Session of Parliament."

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out these Words, " Difsolution, or Determination,' of this present," andi instead thereof, to insert these Words, " End of this " Session of."

And the Question being put, That the Words, " Difsolution, or Determination, of this present," stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas goes forth.'

Tctofor theY

Tellers for (be } 186.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Member of the House of Commons, being an Officer in her Majesty'# Navy, or Army, who shall receive any new or other Commission in the Navy, or Army, respectively."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the said Amendment.

Resolved, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, so amended.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in; their fourth Amendment to Clause B, with such Amendments.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Clause, to which this House had disagreed, being severally read;

Resolved, That this House doth not insist upon their Disagreement to the said Amendments.

Then

l6o 18 — 190 Februarii. A. 1705.

Then the subsequent Amendments, made by the Lords, to which this House had disagreed, being severally read;

Resolved, That this House doth not infill upon their said disagreeing to the said Amendments.

Then the Amendments, which had been postponed, being again severally read;

Resolved, That this House doth not infill upon their disagreeing to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired With the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the lall Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Woodflock do goto the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

\ri(h forfeited Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee, to

Estates, 6tc. whom the Petitions of Margaret and Mary

Margaret, Anne, and Gand the Lady Mary Kirk, were referred, be made Tomorrow, after Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 19* die Februarii;

Anno 40 Annae Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

Answeno TV/T R. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that Address. tVJ. their Address, relating to the Newfoundland Trade, having been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, That Ihe is fully fen-fible of the great Importance of the Trade and Fiftrery of Newfoundland, and will be very careful to encourage and protest it.

Duke of Or- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mond's for enabling James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl

ate* of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents in the County of

Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement, upon the Marriage of the said Earl of Arran, and for making good several Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in Fee-farm, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Tomkins' Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord Debt to the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for Crown. the Time being, to compound with Thomas

Citizen, and late Merchant of London, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Opie's Will. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making good the last Will of Barbara Opie, deceased, by which a Farm, called Dean, in the Parishes of and -

warmborough, in the County of , is devised to

Barbara Came, and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sadleir't Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Estate. intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Temple Dionifly, alias Dmfly, and other Lands, in the County of Hertford, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin Sad-lier. Baronet, and other Purposes, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

Fairfax's Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Estate. Manor of East Evening, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in Swinefkead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children, who are infants, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

J

Lord Strang- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for supplying the ord's Estate. Defe(fts of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip

Smith, Esquire, Viscount Strangford, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esquire, his elded Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recovery, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Coie_ Estate of the Right honourable Henry Lord Colerane, nine's Estate. and supplying the want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for vesting in Trustees Goulfton's the Estate of Morris Goulfton, Esquire, for the railing his Estate. Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Sale of Lands Deane's in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate. Estate of Tho. Deane, Esquire, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Digby's for veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Euate. Tenements, lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digby, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that -the same may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon, was (according to Order) read a. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Kay,

Sir Robert Edon, Sir Fran. Majfam, Mr. Jolinfon, Mr.

Lamplugh, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Mompejfon, Serjeant Birch, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

England, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Manley, Mr. 'Palmes,

Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Mr. Palmer, Sir John

Mordaunt, Mr. Verney, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Earl of Dy-fert. Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Borlafe, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Lee; and all, that serve for the Counties of Salop, and Chester, and for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord Clyes' Debt High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the 10^eCrown. Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Francis Clyes, as Surety for William Penneck, late of Exon,

Merchant, in Six several Bonds for Duties on Tobacco, which the said William Penneck had at the Port of Falmouth in December, 1701, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to M. Holwor-whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An thy's Estate. Act for removing all Doubts touching the saving Clause of one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands of Matthew Esquire,

in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Manors and Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better collecting Charity-money on Charities o» Briefs by Letters Patents, was read a Second time. Briefs.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rufhout Cullen, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Kay, Mr. Mr.

Archer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Farrington, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Johnson, Sir Tho. Webster,

Mr. Topham, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Duckett, Mr. , Sir

Edward Norris, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Chet win, Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Annesley, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. England, Mr. Cow-

peri and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts,

Southampton,

Middleton's

Estate.

Gomeldon'i

Estate.

Parton

Harbour.

Sandi'Estate.

Digby's

Estate.

4 AriN'. 19° Februarii.

Southampton, Somerset, Hertford, and Cornwall: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Mr. Harvey (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vacating a Settlement, made by Benjamin Midd, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of and for discharging the said Benjamin Middleton, and Charles Middleton, Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants in the said Settlement contained, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Francis Majfam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable William , Esquire, to

fell a Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance upon the lame, and to apply the Residue of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William -don\ Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was once read throughout, and then a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of C,was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, Pr. *L. to leave out " directed."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John San, Efcjuire, which is defended to the Daughters, and Coheirs, of John deceased, who are Infants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is defended to the Daughters, and Coheirs, of John Pargiter, deceased, who are Infants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Petition of Anne Nevill, Spinster, which was laid upon the Table, till the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redmption of the Lands and Tenements, lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digby,

Vol. 15.

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that the lame' may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon, was read a Second time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill it committed.

Ordered, That the Account of the Moneys* raised by the Six-pence a Month out of the Seamens Wages, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be (lain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade; is committed.

A Message from the Lords* by Sir Robert and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ftefif of for the Relief of Colonel John Rice, without any Amend- Col. Rice, ment:

Alfb, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Forbes' An Act for Sale of the Manor of Banvick-hall, and other Lands there, in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for raising the Militia* notwithstanding the Railing the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read Militia, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill "be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third and Punching fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, Desertwn* and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate, late of Sir SedteyV Charles Sedley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Charles Sedley, and for compounding his Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Moneys, in a Purchase, to be settled actording to the Limitations of the Will of the said Sir Charles, and for allowing a competent Portion for Frances, the unmarried Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and reasonable Provisions for the youngerChildren of George Sedley, Esquire, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Sir Charles Sedley, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and laying out the Residue of the Moneys in a Purchase, to be settled to the Uses in his Will mentioned, and for allowing a Portion for Frances Sedley, Daughter of Sir John Sedley, and for Provisions for the younger Children of George Sedley, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Lord Woodflock reported, that he having been Conference (according to the Order of Yesterday) at the Lords, to with Lords, desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

S f And

Googh

Vicary

Estate.

L'Amaio*

Ship*

St. Bridget's]

London,

Tythes.

‘ Farmer's Estate.

Coinage

Duties*

162 190 — 208 Februarii.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And, being returned;

The Lord Marquis of Ha reported the Conference } and that they had left the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling a Messuage and Tenement in Rockbear, iii the County of Devon, late the Estate of

John Vicary, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, charged thereon, and for Maintenance of his Widow, and Children, was (according to Order) read the Third tr^.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Vicary, deceased, in Rockbear, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts, charged thereupon, and for Maintenance of his Widow, and Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to make the Ship VAmazon, taken, and condemned as a Prize, and fold in the Island of Barbadoes, free, (was according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass) and that the Title be. An Act to make the Ship taken, and

condemned as a Prize, and fold in the Island of,

free.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

I An ingrossed Bill for settling the Impropriators Tythes, or Parson's Dues, of the Parish of St. Bridgets, alias Brides, London1, was (according to Order) read the

Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. # L by leaving out " five," and inserting " ten."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for settling the Impropriators Tythes of the Parish of St. Bridgets, alihs Brides, London.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Farmer to fell a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester, and for making a further Settlement of other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to enable John Farmer to fell a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester, and for making a further Settlement of other Lands of greater Value, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved/^hox this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to issue, out of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint.

Accordingly the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

1705.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. Legard and Sir Richard Hol/ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Lords Amendment to the Clause B, which was lent by this House as an Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protellant Line.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be llain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, that they

had made a further Progrefe in the Bill j and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That # # be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 20* die Februarii;

Anno 4* Ann* Regin®, 1705.

P R A Y* R S.

MR. Papillon (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the removing all Doubts touching the saving Clause of one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands of Matthew Holworthy, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors and Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Manors or Lands to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands, to be sold are limited, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Temple alias and

other Lands in the County of Hert/ord, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin Sadder, Baronet, and other Purposes, was (according to Order) read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges, Mr. Annejley, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Sir

John Gui/e, Mr. Godolphin, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Scroope Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of to

make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first

W ilc.

Security of

Queen's Person, and Protefrant Succession.

Increase of Stamen.

J. Hoi worthy'* Estate.

M. Holwor-thy't Eftat*.

Sadlier'*

Estate.

Lord Howe's Estate.

Ann. ao° Februariu i6z

Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent, is committed.

Earl of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Conway's whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An wa1. Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depofi-tions relating to the lame, Evidence on Trials at Law, was committed, be made Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

Edystone Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better en-Light-house. abjing the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of

house, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edystone Rock,

be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Opie's Will. An ingrossed Bill for making good the last Will of Barbara Of>iet deceased, by which a Farm, called in the Parishes of West on and in the County of Southampton, is devised to Elizabeth Came, and

her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do-pals} and that the Title be, An Act for making good the last Will of Barbara Opie, deceased, by which a Farm, called Dean, in the Parishes of West on and in the County of Southampton, is devised to Elizabeth Came, and her Heirs, so far as it concerns the said Devise.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Offensive Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Trades near prevent, for the future, the setting up of any new Glass-Banqueting- i,ouse> Brewhouse, Dying-house, or Pot-house, within a Mile of any Part of the House, commonly called the Banqueting-house. Part of her Majesty's Palace of Whitehall and that Mr. Lowndes, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill*

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Mason do attend this House in his to make his Place Tomorrow Morning, to make his Election for Ele&ian. which Place he will serve, whether for the Borough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, or for the Borough of Montgomery.

Fairfax'* An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of the Manor of East EAate. Evening, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children who are Infants, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Manor of East Evening, and other Lands, and Hereditaments, in Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Salmon The ingrossed Bill for the Increase, and better Pre-Preservation. servation, of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the County of Southampton, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

A Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein should extend to any County or Place in this Kingdom, save only to the County of Northampton, and Southern Parts of

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 5. L. 11, after said " to leave out " Rivers, or " in Hatches, Locks, Water-courses," and insert " Scuttie or small Hatch, of a Foot Square, in the find waste Hatch."

Vol. 15.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon and other Fish, in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) reported from the coinag* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Duties, impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue, out of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint, was committed; the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the#Clerk's Table, where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, importing appoined to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords certain at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to *. impower 'Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, Mer- Lords chants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Amend-Wine from Copenhagen, contrafted for before the first menU* Day of January, 1704; that they had drawn up the same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

The Commons disagree to your Lordships Clause, marked A.

ift, Because the Trade to Portugal is now the most advantageous to England, by our exporting vast Quantities of Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Tin, Lead,

Leather, from hence, and Fish from Newfoundland, and importing chiefly Wine, and Oil, and other useful Commodities; notwithstanding which, the Balance of Trade rests so much on our Side, that we have always Effects there ready to supply our Army, and that of our Allies, with a large Overplus.

idly, Because the Traders to Portugal, relying upon the Act prohibiting the Importation of French Wines, have sent, and are now fending out English Manufactures, to a very considerable Value, in return for which they have ordered Wines of the Growth of Portugal, and freighted Ships for that Use; so that, if your Lordships Clause should pass, it will be of fatal Consequence to those concerned in that Trade.

3dly, Because the said Merchants, and others, are now settling a Trade and Correspondence with Catalonia, and other Parts of Spain, which have declared for King Charles the Third, and are now fending several Ships, laden with our Manufacture, to return with Wine and Fruit from thence; which the Liberty, granted by your Lordships Clause, will put a flop to, and thereby wholly destroy the Prospect of that beneficial Trade.

4thly, Because it will not only encourage our Enemies, and discourage our Allies in Portugal and Spain, but will create greater Difficulties to the Nation, in paying the Armies abroad, and remitting the Subsidies to our Allies.

5thly, Because your Lordships Clause repeals several Acts of Parliament, which are found to be very beneficial to the Trade of this Kingdom.

The Commons disagree to your Lordships Amendment in the Title,

Because it relates to, and depends upon, Clause A.

The

i4 2°" — 2i

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Conference Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do go to the with Lords. Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

A Bill to prevent the Good?, of the Growth of , 'being brought into England the Ports of , by

the Ports of the Mediterran, in French Shipping, or upon Frenchmen's Accounts, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next*

Amendment Resolved, That this House will, upon hriday Mornfng «f the Law. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Wine Duties. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Railing the Ordered, That the Bill for raising the Militia, notwith-Militia. (landing the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Recruiting Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better recruit-

the Army. ing her Majesty's Army and Marines, be read a Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

of Privileges. Elections be discharged from hearing any Matters relating to Privilege, other than what they have already heard.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 21° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Anna Regins, 1705.

Pratus.

Kdyftone 'A N ingrossed Bill for the better enabling the Master, Light-house. l\ Wardens, and Assistants, of to rebuild

the Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Bishop's Mr. Mason, attending in his Place (according to Order)

Castle Writ, made his Election to serve for the Borough of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough or Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Charles Mason, Esquire, who hath made his Election to serve for the Borough of Montgomery.

A. 1705.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wootton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Baffett Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wootton Baffett, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Morton P ley dell, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord HighTrea- Tomkins' surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time to tht being, to compound with Thomas T, Citizen, and late Merchant of London, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkins, and John Chaigneau, and their Securities, for the Debt owing by them respectively to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Thomas Privilege. Renda, Esquire, did, befor Hilary Term last, by Charles Cowart and Thomas Diaper, cause to be delivered Declarations in Ejectment, and the last Day of the Term moved the Court of Common Pleas for Judgment thereupon, for several Messuages in Wallingford, in the County of Berks, belonging to Clement Kent, Esquire, a Member of this House j and also that Mr. Thomas Hall, the eleventh Instant, served several Subpoena's upon Richard Hyde,

Ralph Norton, and Syl. Wiggins, the Tenants of the Premises, at the Suit of the said Mr. Renda; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and that they do report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Dean>, Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas , Estate. Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts, and Legacies, charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title . be, An Act for Sale of the Lands in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Dean,

Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts, and Legacies, charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Ann Nevill, Spinster, be at liberty to Digby'* withdraw her Petition, relating to the ingrossed Bill from Buate. the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements, lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digby,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that the feme may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances thereon.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, Cobb's Debt the Act, passed the last Session, to impower the Lord to the Crown. High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas. Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Rickard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas,

Gentleman, deceased. Receiver-General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto*

' . An

Clan deft in* Trade with Turkey.

4 Ann. 216 Februarii. 16$

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord High Treafu'rer p'ebt to the for the Time beitig, to compound with Francis Clyes for Crown* what is due to her Majesty on Bonds, entered into by him for and with William late of Exon, Merchant, for Duties on Tobacco, which the said William Penneck had at the Port of was (according to

Order) read the T'l^ird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Francis Clyes, as Surety for William Penneck, late of Exon, Merchant, in fix several Bonds for Duties on Tobaceo, which the said William Penneck had at the Port of Falmouth in December, 1701.

Ordered, That Mr. Bor lace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ke*found- Ordered, That the Books and Papers, which were lr!uie&C* brought from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to the Committee, relating to the Newfoundland Trade, and which are mentioned in the Report from the said Committee, be re-delivered by the Clerk of this House to the said Commissioners.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Owen Buckingham have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Lord An ingrossed Bill for supplying the Defects of a com-8trangford's mon Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Vif-ttte* count Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declares the Uses of the said Recovery, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for supplying the Defects of a common Recofc very, suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declared the Uses of the said Recovery.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

6ouHW» An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Morris Govlston, Esquire, for the railing his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Morris Gsul-ston, Esquire, for the railing his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Btwdley Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Eltdion. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bewdly, in the County of Worcester, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Lord Cole- An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the lane'* Estate. Right honourable Henry Lord Colerane, and supplying the Want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Colerane, Baron of Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and supplying the Want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Duke of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-

Ormond's tituled, An Act for enabling fames Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents in the County of ‘Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement upon the Marriage of the said Earl of Arran, and for making good fevejal Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in Fee-farm, be now read a Second time.

Vol. 15.

The Bill was read a Second time accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill be, committed to the Lora Windsor, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Foxe, Sir Christopher Hales, Mr. Kendall, Lord Hide, Mr., Mr.

Windsor, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Southwell, Sir Fran,

Majfam, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Arrundell, Mr. Cary, Major-General Erie, Mr. Farrir, Mr. Shackerly, Sir *Thomas Travell, Mr. Wroth, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Annejley,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Harley, Lord Conningsby, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Gwyne, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Lord

Bulkley, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Guy, Mr. Cadogan, Sir John Awberry, Mr.

Moor, Sir Robert Edott, Mr. Bertie j and all for the Counties of Somerset and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for vacating a Settle- Middleton's ment, made by Benjamin 'Middleton, Esquire, of certain Estate. Lands in Middleton, in the County of Westmorland, and for discharging the said Benjamin Middleton, and Charles Middleton, Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants in the said Settlement contained, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir William Strickland, reported, that he having (ac- Conference cording to the Order of Yesterday) been at the Lords, Wl*b *'ord#' to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contrafted for before the First day of January 1704; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same To-morrovy, at One a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hore's veiling the Estate of Elizabeth Hore, in the County of Eftats. Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies, arising the reby, to be applied for the Payment of Debts, charged thereupon; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: x

Allb, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, St Bridgett'si An Act for settling the Impropriators Tythes of the London,

Pari 111 of St. Bridgetts, alihs Brides, London, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Alio, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Fiber's to enable John Brett Fisher, Esquire, and Judith, his Wife, Eftats. to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Children, in case they shall have any 1 to which they desire the Concurrence bf this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. '

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take publick into further Consideration the Accounts of the Revenues, Revenue* and Debts, ever since her Majesty's happy Accession to L)ebt*» the Crown.

' Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the publick Revenues, granted, orarifen, since her Majesty's happy Accession to the CroWn, have been duly applied to the publick Uses, under a. prudent Management, to the Advancement of the publick Credit, and for the Advantage and Honour of the Nation.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Thomehill's Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements in the County Eftat*. of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thomehill, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and

Tt hia

Balieft

Estate.

Supply Bill;

Wine Duties.

Earl of

Conway's

Will.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Railing the Militia.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Committees*

Promt's

Estate.

Forbes'

Estate.

l66 21° —

his Sifters Portions, charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of , Gentleman,

deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for his younger Children; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; was committed, be made Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of the

four Courts of the Kingdom of , and the Depo-fitions relating to the fame, Evidence on Trials at Law, was committed, be made Tomorrow, at One a Clock, after the Report of the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual remaining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Muster and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That all Committees be adjourned;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel , Sir Robert Dovers,

Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shacker ley, Mr. Gre-ville, Sir Jo/. Fredenham, Mr. Mr. Strode, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Snell, Mr. Pugh, Mr. Wallis, and all, that serve for the Counties of Berks and Oxford, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Valentine Crome, of Maiden Early, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself, and Brother, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Verier is, 22* diFebruarii j Anno 4* Anna; Regina;, 1705.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Barwick Hall, and other Lands there, in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esquire, and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the feme Uses.

And the fame, being twee read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

3 Pr. L. 29. After " such" insert " ffliie."

4 Pr. L. 49. Leave out " Heirs," and after " and" inicrt " each of their Heirs, and against the Heirs of " the Body of the said Elizabeth, and against the Son

Februarii. A. 1705.

" of the said William Forbes, by the said Elizabeth, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of all or any such Son " or Sons."

5 Pr. L. II. After " Heirs" read " and the Heirs " of the Body of the said Elizabeth, and all and every " the Son and Sons of the said William Forbes, by the " said Elizabeth, and the Hqirs Males of the Body and " Bodies of all or any such Son, or Sons."

Ordered, That Mr. Worseley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Impropriators Tythes of the Parish of St. Bridget's, alias Brides, London.

And the lame, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

2 Pr. L. it. For by" read " be."

4Pr.L.3. For " Charter" read " Chapter."

In the Tide, L. a. For " Bridgetts," read "

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for vacating a Settlement, made by Benjamin Middleton, Esquire, of certain Lands in Middleton, in the County of Westmorland, and for discharging the said Benjamin Middleton and Charles Middleton, Merchant, from the mutual Performance of certain Covenants in the said Settlement contained, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Merchants, trading to and from the neutral Ports of Italy, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Bill now depending, for preventing Goods, of the Growth of Turky, being brought into England from the Ports of Turky, by the Ports of the Mediterranean, in French Shipping, or upon Frenchmen' % Accounts, the Clause in the Act of Navigation, 12* Car. adi, permitting the Importation of Goods of the Growth of Turky, will be infringed, and her Majesty's Revenues lessened: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Petition do fie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors, was committed j that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; was committed; the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

And the Time being come for the Conference with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, 15 made

St. Bridget's,

London,

Tythes,

Middleton's

Estate.

Clandestint Trade with Turkey.

J. Holwor-thy's Estate.

Supply Bill; WineDuUe*.

Conference with Lurds.

4 Ann.

12° Februarii.

167

Ilumble's Eft ate.

Litchfield, Arc. Residentiaries and Prebends.

Supply Bill; Wine Duties.

made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower 'Thomas Cary and George Hatley, of,

Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, con traded for before the first Day of January, 1704;

Ordered, Th it the Committee who drew up the Rea-fons, to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir Joseph T,redenbam reported, that they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of LincolSurrey, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles, made upon his Marriage with

Sarah, his now Wife, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Reli-dentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral, with several Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Residue of the Amendments to the Bill concerning lowWines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreig-cut Whalebone; being severally read a Second time, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that all small French Wines, which shall be taken as Prize, may be exported by the Captors to any Place in Amity with her Majesty.

And the feme was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Earl of

Conway'g

Estate.

Sir Gilbert Dolben (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depositions relating to the fame. Evidence, on Trials at Law, was committed; that they had heard the Counsel for the Lord Conway, and on behalf of Sir John Rawdon; and had directed him to make a special Report of the Matter, upon the Petition on behalf of Sir John Rawdon; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to leport to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the feme were once read.

The said special Report, and Amendments, are as follow; viz.

That the Committee being met, the Bill was read over in the Hearing of Counsel, attending on behalf of Sir John Rawden; and then the Committee proceeded upon the Consideration of the Petition of George Lord Forbes, on behalf of the said Sir John Rawden; and the said Counsel were heard, what they had to allege thereupon; and being withdrawn; the Committee proceeded upon the Examination of the Allegations in the said Bill: In the Proof whereof.

It appeared to the Committee, that Edward, late Earl of Conway, deceased, by his last Will, dated the 9th of August, 1683, in Remainder after the Lady UrJ'ula

(his then Wife's Death) devised all his Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Kingdoms of England, and Ireland, to Popham Seymour, Esquire, for Life, Remainder to his Issue, in Tail Male, Remainder to now

Vo L. 15.

Lord Conway, in whom the same ae now veiled for the like Estate, with divers Remainders over.

Which Will appeared to be witnessed by Sir Seymour, Sir Jonathan Trelawny (now Bishop of Exeter) Francis Gwynn, IVm. Blathwait, Esquires, and C. -ford, since deceased; which surviving Witnesses inhabit in this Kingdom. And the said Mr. Gwynn and Mr. Blathwait (Members of this House) being present at the said Committee, tellified, that they few the late Earl of Conway sign and leal the said Will, and heard him pyb-lish the fame; and that they (with the other named Witnesses) signed their Names to the said Will in the Testator's Pretence, who appeared to be at that Time Qf found and disposing Mind and Memory, and difeourfed on several Parts of the Will, before the Execution and Publication thereof.

That it further appeared to the said Committee, by a Deed of Release and Alignment, dated 23d July, 1686, proved 10 be duly executed by Sir Arthur Rawden, Father of the present Sir John Rawden, reciting the , said Will, and that the said Sir Arthur had litigated and contelted the said Will, and that several Suits had arisen thereupon j for quieting whereof, and avoiding all future Claims or Pretensions on the said Sir Arthur Rawden, and his Heirs,(other than after the Limitations of the said Will) and in Consideration off. 4,000 £. 2,000 whereof to be paid by the now Duke of and the other f. 2,000 by Sir Edward Seymour, on behalf of his Children, that he, the said Sir Arthur Rawden, did release and convey all the Premisses therein, mentioned, to the Uses of the said Will, with Covenants to levy a Fine in England and Ireland, and for further Assurance.

That his Grace the Duke of Buckingham, appearing at the Committee, attested, that the said Will had been litigated and coatefted by the said Sir Rawden; for the quieting whereof, and preventing Expences, he was prevailed upon to give the said Sir Arthur £.>2,000, and Sir Edward Seymour to give f. 2,000 more upon Execution of the said Deed; which Money was paid: And that he few Sir Arthur execute the said Deed, who Teemed to do it with great Satisfaction; and believed S|r Arthur received it as so much Money given him j and that the said Sir Arthur lived many Years after, and never more attempted to contest the said Will.

That Charles Heron, Esquire, attested, that Sir John Rawden is in possession of near 1,500 Acres, by virtue of three Leases, made to his Grandfather, Sir George Rawden, which are now expired, and of pear 3,oop Acres more, which he holds by a Lease, made to the said Sir Geo. Rawden, not yet expired; the Terms of Years in which Leases are excepted, and reserved, in the aforesaid Deed of Release from Sir Arthur Rawden.

That the Lord Conway also produced before the said Committee an Authentick Copy of an Act of Parliament, passed in the nth Year of the late King William, tp enable Popham Conway, Francis Seymour, Esquires, and their Issue Male, to let Leases of the said Lands for 41 Years; in which Six Arthur, or his Heirs, are not named.

That, notwithstanding which Proofs, the Committee, pursuant to the instruction given them by the House, after they had gone through the Bill, and made the following Amendments thereto, received Clauses, to prevent the said Sir John Rawden's receiving any Prejudice by the Bill.

Pr. 1. L. 13. I^eave outtc defeended to," and instead thereof insert " veiled in."

L. 35. Leave out " aforesaid," and instead thereof insert " in the said Kingdom of ."

L. 36. After " Court" leave out to <c shall," v in the next Line.

Pr. 2. L. 1. Leave out said," and after Courts" add " of common Law in the said Kingdom of Ireland"

L. 4. Leave out " common," and after " Law" add " of Equity."

L. 9. Leave out " to," and instead thereof insert " for;" and after " of" add " or against."

15 L. 13.

Duke of

Ormond's

Dilate.

Dighy's

Dilate.

Amendment of tke Law.

Increase of teamen.

Clandestine Trad* with Turkey.

158

230 Februarii.

A.

1705,

L. 13. After " Law" add " or Equity."

L. 14. After " any" add " hearing or."

L. 17. After " thereto" add " and likewise as if the several Witnesses, whose Depositions have beeri taken against the said Will."

L. 18. After " such" add " hearing or."

L. 19. After " thereof' add or against the fame."

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A, B.

Clause A. " Provided, that this Act, or any thing " therein contained, shall not extend any way to impeach or affect any Right and Title, which Sir John den, Baronet, Heir at Law to the said Edward late

" Earl of Conway, or his Heirs, or the Heirs of his Body, or any other in Remainder after him, or them,

" or any other Person or Persons, now have, or shall " or may have, to any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned to be devised by

the said Will."

Clause B. " Provided also, and in Regard to the In- fancy of the said Sir John be it enacted, that

" neither this Act, nor any such Exemplification, or *' Depositions, as aforesaid, shall, by Force or Virtue of this Act only, be read, or given in Evidence,

upon any such Hearing, or Trial, which shall be had at any Time during the Space of twelve Years next after the first Day of this present Session of Parliament, for, pr against, the said Sir John Rawden, or " his Heirs, wherein he, or they, shall make Title only " as Heir at Law to the said Edward late Earl of " Conway."

The said Amendments, to Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree to the said Amendmentj It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Lord Coning Sir Walter Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Southwell, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Manley, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling James Duke of Ormoand Charles Earl of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement, upon the Marriage of the said Earl of and for making good several Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in Fee-Farm, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. York, Sir Fran. Majjam, Mr. Foley, Mr.' JeJfop, Mr. Medlycot, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements, lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digfy, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that the feme may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be (lain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Goods, of the Growth of Turky, being brought into England from the Ports of Turky, by the Ports in the , in

French Shippings or upon Frenchmen's Accounts, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, before the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bewd/y.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better re- Recruiting cruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines, be read the the Army. Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the - Railing tb« Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was Milui*. (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning panishing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mutiny and upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third ^efertl0B* and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Ann* Regin*, 1705.

Prayers,

MR. Blatbwait (according to Order) presented to America* the House, a Bill for the better Regulation of Govern. Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and menUi for the Encouragement of the Trade in this Kingdom, and of her Majesty's Plantations; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning

next.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Gomeldon, Esquire, Gomeldoa'* to fell a Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance Eft*-upon the feme, and to apply the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William Gomeldon'& Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable William Gomeldon, Esquire, to fell a Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance upon the feme, and to apply the Residue of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William Gomeldon' % ,

Debts

Ordered, That Sir Francis Majjam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord High Trea- Coinage surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue, out Dutiea, of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,# An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue, out of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Woollaston reported from the Committee, to whom Charities ou the Bill for the better collecting Charity-money on Briets. Briefs by Letters Patents, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they haddirested him to report to the House: Which he read

---

4 Ann. 23° Februarii. 169

in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed unto, and the rest (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

[Sadleir's Estate.]

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Temple Dionisley, alias Dinsly, and other Lands, in the County of Hertford, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin Sadleir, Baronet; and other Purposes; was read a Second time.

---

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. OrJloWy Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Snell, Mr. Sir Wm. St. Quin-

titty Mr. Tolu, Mr. Clark, Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Clayton, Sir Hen. D. , Mr. Hern,

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir Roger , Mr.

Mayn, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Ro. Mr. Evelyn, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Poeklington, Mr. Mr. Reynell,

Mr. Hervey, Mr. Pitt, Mr, , Mr. Roller, Mr.

Mayne, Mr. G«y, Sir Samuel , Mr. and

all, that serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Importing The Lords do not infill upon their Amendments, made certain to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Thomas Cary,

Wine* and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the

Remainder of a Quantity of French Wine from Copenhagen, contrafted for before the first Day of January,

1704;

Edyfione The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act light-house. for better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edyflone Rock, without any Amendment:

Earl of King- And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the

ton’* Estate. Inheritance of a Messuage and Gardens in AElon, in the County of Middlesex, purchased by the Right honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in Trustees, for the said Earl, and his Heirs, without any Amendment: Chester And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing Roads. the Highways between Barnhill and , in the County of Chester, without any Amendment:

L’Amazon And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make the Ship L* Amazon, taken, and condemned as t'rize, and

Ibid.in the island of free, without any

Amendment:

Wynne’s Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, and other Lands and Tenements, of Foulk Wynne, in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynne, his Son, in Trustees, to the intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled pursuant to Marriage Articles, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hore't An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Estate of Elizabeth Hore, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies, arising the reby, to be applied for the Payment of Debts, charged thereon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Filbert An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. enable John Brett Esquire, and Judith, his Wife, to sell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Children, in case they shall have any, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of John Ballet, Gentleman, Mate» deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for his younger Children, was read the First time.

---

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

[Fleet Prison.]

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Aston, concerning Prisoners in the Fleet, have Power to adjourn to the said Prison, to examine Persons there (if they think fit) in Execution.

[Riots in the Mint.]

Sir Gilbert Heathcot, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Hucks, Esquire, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the late riotous Proceedings in the Mint in Southwark, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, having taken the said Petition into their Consideration, took the Examination of the several Persons following; viz.

Mr. Edward Rooke, Constable, said, that he was present, when a Warrant, signed by the Commissioners of Bankrupt, issued against Thomas Jones, was carried to the Mint, supported by two Warrants under the Hands of four Justices of the Peace, with 20 Constables more, in order to regain a Parcel of Beer, that the said Jones had procured Credit for from the Petitioner, and carried into the Mint; and when he, with the rest of the said Constables, came to the Mint Gate, they were met by a great Number of Minters, in a riotous Manner, armed with Clubs and Staves, and told them, that they should go no further, till they told them their Business; which they did do, and shewed them the said Warrants; but, notwithstanding, they opposed the said Constables, and knock'd down one of the Messengers, to whom the Commissioners of Bankrupts Warrant was directed.

That, when they came to one Baylye's House, where they suspected some of the Beer to be, he, looking out of the Window, told them with many Oaths and Imprecations, that, if any Person laid his Hand upon his Door, of Window, he would fire upon them; and accordingly did so, and shot one of the Company in the Eye, through a low Window, and fired at them again in the Cellar.

That afterwards they went to one Mason's House, where they found some of the Petitioner’s Beer; but one Pledwell, a Minter, dared any Person to touch the same, at their Peril: And the Rioters threatened, that, if the Constables offered to take any one out of the Mint they would knock all the Constables Brains out; and that the said Justices might be damn’d: Upon which Threats, they thought it Prudence to retire.

Mr. John Barnes said, that he being with some Company at the Vine Tavern in the Borough, two or three Days after the said Riot, a Body of the Minters, with one Bayly, with a drawn Sword, at the Head of them, forced into the Room, where he was, and swore, they were the Villain Hucks’ Friends, and, if they would not deliver him up to them, to be pumped, and undergo the Law of the Mint, they would serve them, as they would him, when they caught him; but Mr. Keeling, the Master of the Tavern, with great Intreaties persuaded them to retire; which, after some Time they did; but, in their Way went to the said Mr. Barnes’ House and Brewhouse in the Mint, and forced the same, to search for the said Hucks, and voted him out their pretended Society; and such of them, as were his Debtors (he being a common Brewer there) bound themselves under an Oath, that they would never pay him one Farthing of their Debts; which will prove his Rub, if he cannot be remedied therein.

170 23° Februarii. A. 1705.

[Riots in the Mint.]

That the said Minters have several Clubs, and a Chairman presiding amongst them, being attended by Beadles and Constables of their own making, by whom they send for the Offenders of their Laws; as one of which was he, the said Barnes, so sent for, when voted out of their said Society, as aforesaid.

---

Mr. Gwynne said, that Bayly, Jones and Shrimpton, were the three Ringleaders of the Minters, when they came a second Time to search for Mr. Hucks, who narrowly escaped them.

Mr. Ladd, and several other Justices of the Peace, being acquainted with the said Riot, told the Committee, that they sent out their Warrants, with about Twenty Constables, with a Precept to inquire into the said Riot.

Mr. John Darby, one of the said Constables, said, that he went with his Fellow-constables to take up the Persons of the Rioters named therein; but they were opposed by above 100 of the Minters, with one Jones, Powell, and Shrimpton, at the Head of them, all armed with Clubs and Staves, and the very Persons, named in the Warrants, amongst them.

That they having seized the said Shrimpton, the said Minters rescued him again, and cried out that they would one and all stand by him, although the said Shrimpton has had two Warrants issued out against him for high Treason.

Mr. Clifford, the Beadle, said, that he, knowing the said Minters, mentioned in the Warrants, told their Companions who they were, and advised them to deliver them up to Justice; but they, with horrid Curses, refused so to do, saying, they would first sacrifice their Lives, by endeavouring to destroy all the said Constables, before any one of their Members should be carried out of the Mint.

Mr. Yewen, an Officer of the Marshalsea, said, that he some Time since arrested a Gentleman in the Mint, got him out from thence, and hurried him to the Waterside, into a Boat, was pursued by the Minters, who lined the Shore, and endeavoured to intercept him; whereupon he ordered the Boat to land him, and his Prisoner, at Trigg's Stairs, and there got him into a Coach, in order to secure him in the City; but the Minters overtaking them, knock’d down one of the Coach-horses, and carried off the Prisoner. The same Night, the said Yewen going to bed about Ten a Clock, a Number of the Minters came, and surrounded his House, and threatened to murder him; to avoid which, he got out at the Top of the House; and they then, in revenge, threatened to pull down his House, got into his Cellar, and what Drink and Brandy they could not devour, they let run about, the Cellar (he keeping a publick House) to his great Loss.

Mr. King, another Constable, said, that one of the said Minters having made an Assault upon two Men, and one of them being thought to be murdered, the said Minter was committed for Murder to the County Goal; whither he, with eight more of his Assistants, endeavouring to carry him, a Mob of the said Minters, and Queen's Benchers, rescued him, and carried him into their Gaol, to secure him; where, though he produced his Warrant, and demanded him, yet they refused to deliver him, and gave him an Opportunity of escaping in the Night.

Mr. Francis Smith, an Officer belonging to the Borough Court, said, that he went to summon a Jury to attend the Coroner in the Mint, where a Child was found murdered; and, when the Jury were sitting, a Body of the Minters, hearing of the Verdict of Murder, broke open the Door, where they were, and seized the said Smith, and pumped him at ten Pumps, and at six of them twice, and then threw him five Times into the black Ditch, being composed of human Filth; and when a Constable helped him out with his Staff, they threatened to serve him so, for his Compassion: And after the said Smith was out of the said Ditch (almost smothered) they made him lay his Hand upon a Brick, covered with Sir Reverence, and upon his Knees made him swear in these Words: "I Francis Smith am a Rogue in grain:

"And God damn my Body and Soul, if ever I come into the Mint again:" And then made him kiss the Brick, and drove him out of the Mint in a miserable Condition, with Scorn and Derision.

Mr. Robert Cook, Cornchandler, said, that he having some Houses in Westminster, one of his Tenants run in Arrear of Rent to £150 (having a Lease of his House) and then went into the Mint; where he going to him, to desire only his Delivery of the Key of the House, in order to let the same, his said Tenant gave out to the Minters, that he was a Bailiff; and, though be offered to prove himself otherwise, by Gentlemen they knew in the Borough, yet he was seized by eight Men, disguised in Canvas, and Masks upon their Faces, and by them pumped at ten or twelve several Places, and necked at every Pump; and after that crowned him with a Chamber Pot, full of Excrements, and then threw him into the said black Ditch, over Head and Ears; and after he had crawled out from thence, they made him roll himself in a great Heap of the same Filth, taken out of the said Ditch; by which Cruelty his Head was bruised and broken in several Places, his Ears filled with the said Filth, he almost lost both Sense of Sight, and Hearing, and with great Difficulty got to his own House; where he was constrained to keep his Bed many Days, the Physicians despairing of his Life, it being in November last.

Mr. Toegood said, that in January was twelve-months, he, going into the Mint, to demand Monies due to him, was given out to be a Bailiff, and seized by about twenty of the Minters, in Disguise; who cut his Cloathes off his Back, picked his pocket of Fifty Shillings, and then threw him three Times into the said black Ditch; where standing up to the Arms-pits, they made him dive three Times, once for the Queen, and twice for their honourable Society.

Mr. Ashe said, that last Week, having Business in Southwark, he saw a great Crowd of the Minters, who taxed him with being one of Mr. Hucks' Friends, and threatened to serve him, as they would have done Mr. Hucks; but he having the good Fortune to be protected by the Inhabitants of the Borough, who reproving them for such their barbarous Practices, and Threatenings, they insolently replied, that if the Lord Chief Justice Holt himself were there, they would pump him likewise, and give him the Law of the black Ditch.

The several Justices of the Peace, residing in the said Borough, acquainted the Committee, that, as the Law now stands, they have not sufficient Power to suppress these Riots and Disorders in or near the Mint.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there ought to be some immediate Remedy found, to redress these extraordinary Riots and Disorders for the future.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Traitors, Murderers, Felons, and other Criminals, as likewise several Persons sheltering themselves from their Creditors, within the Limits of the Mint in the Borough of Southwark, have assembled themselves in great Numbers, and are harboured and protected there with a strong Hand against Justice, in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, to the Obstruction, and in Defiance, of Justice; which Practices, if not timely prevented, may be of dangerous Consequence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, humbly desiring her Majesty, graciously to give such Directions for prosecuting the Offenders in the Mint, in Southwark, according to the utmost Rigour of the Law.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

[Clandestine Trade with Turkey.]

The Order being read, for reading the Bill to prevent

4 Ann. 23° Februarii. 171

the Goods, of the Growth of Turky, being brought into England from the Ports of Turky, by the Ports of the Mediterranean, in French Shipping, or upon Frenchmen's Accounts;

And the Question being put, That the Bill be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next;

[Bewdley Election.]

---

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Bewdly, in the County of and the Refblu-

tion of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Henry Herbert, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sal-way Winnington, Esquire, to serve for the Borough

of Bewdly:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Bailiff and Burgesses.

And the fingie Question was, who had the Majority of Voices upon the Poll.

And that depended, in a great measure, upon two Facts: First, whether Mr. Soley the Recorder of,

was a Candidate at the said Election; and, in the next Place, whether two of the Electors did give their Votes for the said Mr. Soley: And upon these Points several Persons were examined, as Witnesses, both by the Petitioner's and Sitting Member's Counsel.

That the first Witness, called for the Petitioner, was Wm.Jones', who produced to the Committee a Copy of the Poll, which, he said, he received, the Day after the Election, from Mr. Toy, the Town Clerk, in the Presence of the Bailiff, and which was subscribed by Mr. Toy; in which Copy Mr. Winnington and Mr. Soley' were put down as Candidates; and there were twelve (including himself) put down under Mr. Winnington % Name, but none put down to Mr. Soley.

That the other Witnessts, examined for the Petitioner, were,

Mr Solev I Whose Evidence was to this

Sir 'Tho.CookWinWord, Purpose: That they were present

Mr. Jo/ Amflcct, V at this Election on the 11th of

Mr. Geo. Knight, / ]tfay ]aft; and that, after the

Hi: Precept was «d. Mr. *9, the

J Town-clerk,.asking, if any Person opposed Mr. Winnington, Mr. Herbert said, he did: Whereupon Mr. Toy told him, he was no Burgess, and could not stand. Mr. Soley, the Recorder, differed in Opinion with him, and told him, the Practice was otherwise. Then Mr. Toy read the Clause in the Charter, relating to the electing of a Burgess to Parliament; and asked Mr. Soley, if he had a mind to forfeit the Charter: And Mr. Toy infilling upon Mr. Herbert's Incapacity to-stand, and telling Mr. Soley, he himself might stand, Mr. Soley laid, he would stand, rather than be tricked out of the Electionj and then Mr. James and Mr. Weaver, two of the Voters, said, if Mr. Herbert could not stand, they would be for Mr. Soley; but they took it rather by way of private Conversation, than in polling.

That Mr. Soley afterwards declared publickly, he did not stand; and then they proceeded to take the Poll, the Bailiff polling first; whereas the Custom of that Place had been, for the Town-clerk to call over the Electors in Order, beginning with the junior, and so concluding with the Bailiff.

That the Names of Mr. James and Mr. Weaver were called over with the rest of the Electors, and voted for Mr. Herbert; and no other Objection made to their voting for Mr. Herbert, but what was made to the other Burgesses, that voted for him.

That the Town-clerk took the Poll by the Bailiffs Order; but he refusing to put down the Names of such,

Vol. 15.

as voted for Mr. Herbert, Mr. Soley took down their Names, and, amongst the rest, the Names of Mr. James and Mr. Weaver: And that, after the Indenture of Return was signed, and the Bailiff gone out of Court, he called them all over, being 13 in Number, and asked, who they had voted for; and they all declared, they had voted for Mr- Herbert: And that the Towh Clerk, when the Poll was over, declared, there was Eleven for Mr. Winnington, besides himself, and none for Mr. Soley^ or any body el ft.

.Mr- Weaver was also examined; who laid, he voted for Mr. Herbert, and no body else.

To answer which Evidence, the Sitting Member's Counsel examined several Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Bonham Caldwell, "| Who gave Evidence to this Effect: Mr. Elijah Batchdlor, I That they were present at the last Mr. Soffittcl HnckMt,) j «

Mr. T/w. Mott, ( Election; and that the Precept be-

Mr. Edward Button:) ing read, and Mr. Toy asking, if

any Person opposed Mr. Winnington, Mr. Herbert answered, he did: to which Mr. Tty replying, that the being no Burgess, he prelumed, he was not qualified to demand a Poll; and upon that, Mr. Soley, the Recorder, demanded a Poll for Mr. Herbert. The Bailiff then gave his Vote for Mr. Winnington', and one Mr. Bejt offering his Vote for Mr. Herbert, the Bailiff desired to know of the Recorder, what Rule he ought to go by; and the Recorder told him, according to the Precept, and Charter. That, after reading of them, Mr. Soley went down into Court, and talked with some of his Friends, and came back, and declared, that he did stand as Candidate; and Mr. Toy thereupon fat down his Name, and declared, the Contest was between Mr. Winnington and Mr; Soley; and asked, who polled for Mr. Soley: And thereupon Mr. James said, " I hope all those, that de-: signed to poll for Mr. Herbert, will poll for Mr. Soley; " for now he HandsAnd, turning to Mr. Toy, said, " For my part, I give mine for Mr. Soley And Mr.' Weaver presently after said, " Then I vote for Mr;

Soley." That, after these two had given their Votes for Mr. Soley, Mr. Befi and Mr. Slade desired to be

heard, and asked Mr. Herbert, if he desisted; who answered, he did not: And thereupon Mr. Soley wliifpered again, and came back, and declared, he did not stand; but Mr. Toy told him, it was too late to say that, for two had polled for him: And so the Poll went on for Mr. Herbert, and Mr. Winnington; and, after the Poll was ended, the Town Clerk declared, that there were Twelve for Mr. Winnington, Eleven for Mr.

and Two for Mr. Soley; with this Expression, which they particularly took notice of, that Mr. Toy said, It was very hard, that the Recorder should have but two Votes.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to this Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That Salwey Winnington, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Wcrcester.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That tire House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Salwey Winning 'on, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of,

in the County of Worceftet',

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Mr. Foley, I186.

!' (Mr, Pole

(Mr. Walpole, ]>3«-

!* (Mr. Waljh:

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Wicker, Colonel Palmer, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Parker, Mr. Goring, Mr. Nevill, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the

Lands

Digby^t

Estate.

M. Hofwor-tky's Estate.

florets

D(hli

Fishti^B

Eftatt*

Ballet's

Elute.

172 230 — 250 Februarii. A. 1705.

Lands and Tenements in Com Leicester, late the Estate of John Dig by, Esquire, deceased, in Tru flees, to the intent that the same may be (old, for the difehar^ing of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon. iv committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunay 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno Annae Reginae, 1705.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the removing all Doubts touching the laving Clause of one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands of Matthew Hoiworthy, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Papt lion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without ary Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Elizabeth Hon, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Moneys, arising the reby, to be applied for the Payment of Debts, charged thereon, be now read a Second time.

Hie Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pit/eild, Sir Edward Irby, Mr. Newland, Mr. Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Colchester, Mr. , Sir IVm. Scawen, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir Barth. Gracedeiu, Mr. England, Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Fran. M' Earl of Dyferf, Mr. Dryden, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Pocklingten, Mr. Skippon, Lord Powlett, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. An-nejley, Mr. Mounftevens, Mr. Parker, Sir Ro. Dovers,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Shepheard, Sir Gilbert Healhcot, Mr. Coatesworth, Mr. Cooper, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mri' Nicholas, Mr. Hutchenfon, Mr. Gould, Mr. MedlUot, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Manley, Mr.

and all, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Brett Fisher, Esquire, and Judith, his Wife, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Children, in case they shall have any,*' be now read a Second time. v

The Bin was accordingly read a Second tirfce.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed td Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Coatesworth, Sir Robert Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Wollqfton, Sir Fran. Majfam, M{. Ellis, Sir D. H. Colt, Sir John Wolftenholm, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Manly, Mr. strvois, "Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Pavision, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Whitchcott, Mr. Monson, Mr. Wynn; and all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of John Ballet, Gentleman, deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for his younger Children, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Refilled:, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Majfam, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Wollaston, Mr.

Mr. Grjya, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mounftevens, Mr. Fort fete, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Mr.

Papillon, Sir Samuel Garret, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ireton,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lawton,

Lon!. Cogmjby, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Johifon, Mr. Snell,

I jr. Onslow, Sir Jo. Welftsnhalm, Sir Robert Eden, Mr*

Engla.il, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Monson, Mr. Whitmore,

Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Parker, Mr. Borlace, Sir Roger . Mostyn; and all, that serve for the Counties of Essex,

Hertford, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have l ower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Williai Powlet reported from the Com- Lord Howe> mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Lflat* intituled, An Act to enable Scrope Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; «\nd that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the:

Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 37. Before " Gregorie" add " George.'*

Pr. 5. L. a8. Leave out " Provided nevertheless, and insert " And be it hereby further enacted."

L. 43. After " Money" add " free of all " Taxes and Incumbrances whatsoever."

Mr. Strode reported from the Committee, to whom CnmeV the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting the Estate of Valentine Crome, of Maiden Early, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself, and Brother, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Francis Majfam reported from the Committee, to L&ymerie'a. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat Act for naturalizing Vincent Laymerie, and others, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 35, 36, 37, 38, Leave out " Magdalen.

" Van Haejdonck, Daughter of Cornelius Van Haefdonck, uby Magdalen his Wife, born at Amsterdam, in land."

Pr. j. L. 10. After Prance" insert, " Henry -

livers. Son of Andrew Centlrvers, by Judith his Wife,

" born in the Town of Tuerdon, under the Republick of the City and Canton of Berne; Francis Abraham Lacontt, Son of Abraham Laconte, by Olympe his Wife,

born at Geneva, in Switzerland', Bartholomew Fair, u Son of Bartholomew Fair, by Urf his Wife, born at

" St. Gallen, in Switzerland; James Boufquett, Son of

" Jacob Boufquett, by Anne his Wife, born in the City " of Castres en Albigeois, in the Province of High tf Languedoc', James Marquis, Son of Lovis Marquis,

f‘bj

4 Ann. 'Itfrebruariu 173

" by Susanna his Wife, born in the Canton of Berne, in

4* Sviitzerland; John Pigou, Son of John by "

" Mary his Wile, born at Sing, in France; John " Gcurdon, Son of Peter Gou by Magdalena his " " Wife, born at Languedoc, in Cornelius "

" tenoom. Son of Dyrick Wittenoom, by Eve his Wife, " born at Rotterdam, in Holland; Peter Monies, Son of "

*\ Peter Moules, by Sufattna his Wife, born at "

" pellier, in Languedoc-, Peter Hovel, Son of John "

" Novel, by Katherine his Wife, born at Malery, in "

" the County of Touze; Michael , Son of Peter "

Hue, by flefier his Wife, born at St. Lo, in the Pro- "

" vince of Normandy, in FranceJacob Hue, Son of c< 4‘ Peter Hue, by Hester his Wife, born at St. Lo, in "

the Province of Normandy, in

" Son of Peter Fleuriot, by Susanna his Wife, born at "

" Bolbeck in France-, David Boudon, Son of David "

" Boudon, by Marquerit his Wife, born at Granges, in " 44 Languedoc, in France t James Chardon, Son of Isaac

" Chardon, by Mary his Wife, born at Tours, in "

" raine, in France; Stephen Gill, Son of William Gill, " " by Mary his Wife, born at the Hague, in Holland; "

" Abraham Alefsen, Son of Abraham Alefsen, by Ka- " therine his Wife, born at Bourdeaux, in France; " Heymand Brewer, Son of Henry Brewer, by Wendelen " " his Wife, born in Gelderland, in Holland-, Peter Her- " bault. Son of Peter Herbault, by Kathetine his Wife, " " born at St. Jermain, in France -, Charles "

" Son of Charles Brander, by Br dget his Wife, born " 4‘ at Stockholm, in Sweedland; John Cojlabadie, Son of " 44 John Cojlabadie, by Mary his W ife, born at Argentat, "

in Limofn, in France; Benjamin Son

'* of Benjamin Malfalquerite, by Mary his Wife, born "

44 in the Kingdom of France, now Irving in St Edmonds "

" 'Bury, in Suffolk; Erick WendelSon of John Wen- " *' delberg, by Margrett his Wife, born at Gotenberg, in "

" Sweedland; John Philip Sheibell, Son of John Sheibell, "

" by Mary his Wife, born at Feiedberg, in Germany-,

John Pellet, Son of Peter Pellet, by Elizabeth his " 44 Wife, born at Nifnes, in Languedoc, in France-, " " Balthazar Kohl, Son of Henry Kobl. by Martha his " Wife, born at Stockholm, in Sweedland; Jerome Pa- " bault. Son of Paul Babault, by Mary his V\ if-, born " " at Gien, in the Kingdom of France; Gugelman, "

44 Son of Conrad Gugelman, by Barbara his Wife, born " 4‘ at Bafall, in Switzerland; Moses Pujolas, Son of " Andrew Pujolas, by Jeane his Wife, born at Uzes, " " in Languedoc, in France; John Henry Son "

" of John Henry Sprogell, by Susanna his Wite, born " at Queedlenberg, in Germany; George Lewis Tetfeir, " " Son of Francis Teiffeir, by Leonora his Wife, born at " " Zell; Andrew Pallardy, Son of Peter by Ka- "

* therine his Wife, born at Lamatte St. Loix, in Poitou, " in France;Abraham Deheulle, Son of

" by Susanna his Wife, born at ,in Normandy,

in France; Gabriel Chevallier, Son of Gabriel Che- " " va/lier, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at Paris, in " " France; Samuel Frere, Son of Jeremiah by "

" Dorothy his Wife, born at Pentveyle, in , "

in France; Jofich Le Conte, Son of Peter Le Conte, " by Mary his Wife, born at Rouen, in Normandy, " " in France; Abraham ChrejlienSon of Peter Chreftitn, " by Martha his Wife, born at at Loudun, in the Pro- " vince of Tourangeois, in FranceFrancis "

Son of Peter Detafarelle, by Mary his Wife, born at " " Languedoc, in France; John Son of David "

Tuley, by Martha his Wife, born at St. Anthony, in " " Boigue, in France; Stephen Fovace, Son of Stephen " " Fovace, by Mary his Wife, born at Normandy, in " France; Oze Marchegay, Son of Jacob , "

" by Frances his Wife, born in the Province of Poitou, 44 in France; John Defenne, Son of John Defenne, by " Martha his Wife, born at Diep, in France; Peter " Raulin, Son of Peter Raulinby Mary his Wife, " 44 born at Champaigne, in Fran John Lafawer, Son of John Lafawer, by Mary his Wife, born at "

44 in France; Isaac Hogutl, Son of Isaac Hoguel, by Voi,. 15.

Rachel his Wife, born at D'rp, in Normandy, 'in France; James Marc, Son of Peter Marc, by Anne his Wife, born at Sommiers in Fr nee; Enoch Roupb, Son of Daniel Rouph, by Jaquemine his Wife, born in the Province of Gex, in France; Mo-

rin, Son of Bartholomew Morii, by Rathe! his Wife, born at La Rochelle, in France; lien<y Defaunieres Son of Peter Dfaunieres, by Anne his Wife, born at La Rochefoucaud, in France; Christopher Slireider. Son of Conrad Sbceider, by Anne his Wife, born at Leopoldjberg, in Germany; Peter Peach, Son of Peter Peach, by Mary his Wife, born at Amiens, in the Province of Picardie } John S n of John

Bui/Jett, by Susanna his Wife, born at Sedan, in France; Matthias Paters, Son of John Paters, by Katherina his Wife, born at the BuJs, in Holland; Matthew Hebert, Son of Matthew Hebert, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at Diep, in Normandy, in France; Engelbert Iferloo, Son of Engelbert lf'erloo, by Katherine his Wife, born at Elver felt, in Germany; Ever hard Warner, Son of Joachim Warner, by Anne his Wife, born at Hamburgh, in Germany; Adrian Schmidgruber, Son of John Schmidgruber, by Mar-garett his Wife, born at Nurenberg, in Germany; Anthony Lutkins, Son of Nicholas Lutkins, by Mary his Wife, born at Hamburg, in Germany; Martin Huy, Son of Albert Huy, by Margrett his Wife, born at Malmo, in Sweedland; Ch.ijlopher,

Son of Balthafar Adolph, by Regina his Wife, horn at Hirfchberg in Germany; Conrad Sp igigell. Son of Henrick Springell, by Katherine Ins Wrte, born at Pluen, in Germany; Andrew Berlin, Son of Peter Benin, by Susanna his Wife, born at Bo llec, in Normandy, in France; James , Son of

Ifaae Dele fir ille, by Mary his Wife, born at Tram-

blade, in France; Samuel Ba-,bat, Son of John Barbat, by Anne ! is Wife, born at Realville; DavidMortier, Son o! Peter Mortier, by Anna his Wife, born at Amsterdam in Holland-, Peter De Vtrennes. Son of Oliver De Farennes, by Jeanne his Wife, born at Paris, in France; Anthony Valentin, Son of Anthony Vatentin, by Mary his Wife, born at , in

France; Peter Hemet, Son of Adiian PLmet, by Jaqueline his Wife, born near Caen, in,

in France; John Thomas, Son of Isaac,

by Jeanne h:s Wife, born at Oleron, in France; David Levade, Son of Siprian Levade, by Anne his W fe, born at Lyons, in France; Peter De la Do-vefpe. Son of Peter De la Dovefpe, by Mary his Wife, born at Paris, in France; Francis

Son of Francis Grimaudet, by his Wife, born

at Bloii, in France; James Bouche, Son of John Bouche, by Frances his Wife, born at Orange, in France; Daniel Coujle, Son of Isaac Coujle, by Anne his Wife, born at Saintonge, in France; Peter Grot eft Dubuiffcn, Sort of Paul Grotejl Dubuiffon, by Anne his Wife, born at Orleance, in France; Anthony Jour dan. Son of* Jour dan, by his Wife, born at *; Anthony Fabrot, Son of Peter Fabrot, by Anna his Wife, born at Nifmes, in France; Fons Ranc, Son of John Ranc, by Judith his Wife, born at Nifmes, in Languedoc j James Dufour, Son of John Dufour, by Martha his Wife, born at Tours, in Touraint, in France;

Zachariah Loquett, Son of Zachariab Loquett, by Judith his Wife, born at Zaintonge, in France; Michael Zatbert, Son of George Zathert, by Barbara his Wife, born at Shermetfell, in Poland; Michael Slaghregen, Soa of Tob'as Slaghregen, by Janneke his Wife, born at Haerlem, in Holland; Adrien Van Brakell, Son of Jooft Van Brakell, by Mary his Wife, born at Rotterdam, in Holland; Alexander Ried, Son of John Ried, by Barbara his Wife, born at Garmotb, in Scotland; James Paul,' Son of Lovis Paul, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at Montpellier, in the Province of Languedoc; Daniel Paul, an Infant, Son of James Paul, by Judith his Wife, born at the Town and Canton of Berne, in Switzerland; Benjamin Buffere, Son of Peter Buif.

X x . Jier4s

I a3*mcrie# &c. Nau

Lavmetie

Nut.

Ktwcafilt under Lin« Election.

Digb/«

Estate.

Lords put House in mind of a Bill.

Bifless. Nat

Courtney*!

Estate.

174 25° — 26° Februarii. A. 1705.

" fere, by Susan his Wife, born at Parts, in France Peter Buijfiere. Son of Benjamin BuiJ/iere, by June his

Wife, born at Courtifon. in the Principality of;

" Peter Fevillerade, Son of Peter by -

betk his Wife, born in the1 Province of , in

France; James Heymans, Son of Anthony by Anne his Wife, born at Aix la Chappells; Henry " de Rochbleave, Son of ^Franci de Rochbleave, by Ka-

<( therine his Wife, born at in ;John

Monbrun, Son of Joseph , by Elizabeth his

Wife, born at Guienne, in France; Stephen "Son of Peter Foucher, by Anne his Wife, born at " Mer, in France; John Foucher, Son of Peter,

" by Anne his Wife, born at A in France; James " Banal, Son of John Banal, by Katherine his Wife,

born at Montpellier in Fran; David Le Bass, Son of Peter Le Bass, by Mary his Wife, born at Diep,

" in France', Mark Anthony Son of Peter

" Stephen Cromlin, by Frances his Wife, born at,

in France; Mark Anthony Pigou, Son of John " by Mary his Wife, born at Amiens, in Picardie, in France; John Barb at, Son of John Barbat, by Su~

" fauna his Wife, born at j Peter

Son of Peter Lefcure, by Susanna his Wife, born at *r Montaiiban, in France-, Daniel Duncan, Son of Daniel Duncan, by Anne his Wife, born at Montauban; John Vincent, Son of Paul Vincent, by Antoniette his Wife,

born at Montauban , Balthazar Imbert, an Infant, Son " of Jacob Imbert, by Rodegotide his Wife, born at " Geneva."

A Clause was offored, to be added to the Bill, to prevent their voting for Members of Parliament.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlcre forth. Yeas, J «i-

T., Bfor,h.No.,{^ >86.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon

Wednesday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, be made upon ' Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements, lying in the County of ,late the

Estate of John Digby, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that the same may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages and other Incumbrances, thereon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true ;and that the ' Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and _ Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to put this House in mind of a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice; which was sent down same Time since to this House by their Lordships:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and Katherine, Rijley, without any Amendment.

» Alio, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a mortgaged Estate of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, 16

to discharge the Mortgages, Debts, and Incumbrances, on the said Estate, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put Hafir of them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Eale Sherifl*. of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, sent up to their Lordships long since by this House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the said Message to the Lords.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Supply BiH j That the ingrossed Bill concerning low Wines, or Spi- Wm«Duu . rits of the first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut W halebone; be now read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for he Yess. J ] 5«-

Tellers for the Noes, \ ..

So it passed in the Negative.

---

[Answer to address.]

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Address, in relation to the late riotous Proceedings in the Mint, in Southwark, having been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, That she will forthwith give Directions for prosecuting the Offenders in the Mint, as is desired.

---

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Archbishop. for restoring the Archbishoprick of Dublin ti.e Town and Lands of Seatowne, and repaying to William, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, die Money he paid for the lame, upon Purchase thereof from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with same Amendments-; to which they deflre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Amendment resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^the the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice;

Ordered, That the Petitioners against the Bill be heard before the said Committee by their Counfoi, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Montague took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Montague reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

---

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 4° Anna: Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

---

[Litchfield,

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, &c. Itcfiden-

An Atl for augmenting the Number of Canons

residentiary

4 Ann. 26° Felruarii. 175

residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and Or, That Mr. Voollajlondo carry the Bill to the for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Cathedral. _

And the same being twice read, were, upon the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the for veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and House, and are as followeth} viz. Tenements, lying in the County of late thd

1 Pr. 32. L. For " more" read " three." Estate Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to

36. L. For " other" read " a third," and leave the intent that the same may be fold, for thedilcharging out " or Prebends." of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon, was

2 Pr. 2. L. For " seventy" read " sixty." (according to Order) read the Thi.d time.

3 L. For " other" read " third." The several Amendments following were proposed to

6 L. After " Annum" add. " and the Prebends, be made to the Bill:

" lo united, shall for ever after continue together, and,

" with the House, be from t me to time conferred upon one and the same Person."

15 L. After " that" insert " the said Reiftory and " Church of Tattenhil, whenever it shall by any lawful " Means first become void, shall be united and annexed " to the said Deanery of the Church of Litchfield for ever; and the Dean of Litchfield then in being, upon " Application made to the Bihop of the Diocess of " Litchfield and Coventiylhall receive Institution to the " fame, without Presentation, and continue possessed thereof, in Right of his Deanery, so long as he shall " remain Dean of Litchfield, and no longer; it being the Intent of tins Ad, that the Dean of Litchfield,

' " and his Succefib.s for ever, should always be Rectors

*' and Incumbents of that Church, on making such " Allowance to a Curate or Curates, as the Bishop for " the Time being shall appoint and leave out to the first " the" in the 40th L.

3 Pr. 2. L. After " yearly" add " and all other Dues." 24. L. After "lame" insert "and from the Time, that he shall become seised thereof, allowing " yearly to the Vicar of Eccleshall the Rent of the said " Prebend, over and above such Augmentation, as is already appointed to that Vicarage by the local Statutes " of the Cathedral Church of and leave out

so the End of the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Wynne's The House proceeded to take into Consideration the fcJute. Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, and other Lands and Tenements, of Foulk Wynne, in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and Meredith Wynne, his Son, in Trustees, to the intent that Part thereof may be fold, for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled pursuant to Marriage Articles.

And the feme, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as followeth;

2 Pr. L. 42. For " after" read " as to."

9 Pr. L. 1. Alter " the" add " said.'

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Chaiitits on An ingrossed Bill for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents, was read the Third time. ' '

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 18. After " Successors only" to insert "at the usual Rates for printing :"

Pr. 4. L. 20. After " aforesaid," to insert " by Default of them, or their Agents."

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Letters Patents, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities.

' Vox.. 15.

Pr. 5. Line 8. After " Mortgages" insert " Judg-" ments. Statutes."

L. 29. After " Mortgages" add " Judgments,

Statutes."

L. 36. After " Concurrence" add "iffwriting."

I.. 37. After " Moftyn" insert " their Executors " or Ad min ill rat ors, and not otherwise."

L. 38. After " by" add " Judgments, Statutes,

" or other."

L. 40. After Mortgages ' add " Judgments,

" Statutes."

Pr. 6. L. 9. After " by" add " Judgments, Statutes,

" or other."

Pr. 8. L. 15. After " Mortgages" add " Judgments,

" Statutes."

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Rcjoived, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lord?, and acquaint them, that this House hath ag eed to the fame, with several Amendments; to which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward Conwa/s late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of ti-.e four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and ti.e Dtp fiti‘>ns relr.ting to the fame, Evidence on Trials at Law, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to the Bill, to make it a publick. Bill.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon thtQuefl on put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Title, n by le iving out(" Seals of the four Courts," and to insert " Seal of the Court of Chancery."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Title, by inferring, before " Trials," these Words,

" Hearings in Equity, and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Do/ben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; to which \ they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Hem reported from the Committee, to whom the Sa<fl«irV ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale £(Ut«. of the Manor of Temple Dionfiey, alias Dinfley, and other Lands, in the County of Hertford, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin Sadlier, Baronet, and other Purposes, was committed j that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the,

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the '

Committee had directed him to report the B 11 to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An

176 i6° — 2j° Februarii. A. 1705.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill concerning low Wines, or Spirits of Wine Duties, she first Extraction; and for more effectual restraining the Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

[Pr. 2. L. 31. To leave out " of," and insert on.* Pr. 5. L. 9, and 10. To leave out " for the future." Pr. 6. L. To leave out " Actions and, " and insert Penalties and Forfeitures."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for laying further Duties on low Wines; and for preventing the Damage of her Majesty's Revenue, by Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; and for making some Provisions as to the Stamp-duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials, and Marriages, and Salt-duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets; and for enabling her Majesty to dispose the Effects of William a noto-

rious Pyrate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and for appropriating the publick Moneys, granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Recruiting An ingrafted Bill for the better recruiting her Ma-the Army, jesty's Army, and Marines, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, Pr. L after " Berwickto insert " upon Tweed."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowttdes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Hageflhn's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act £"* to enable Trustees to make Provisiort for Payment of Debts of William Hugejfen, Esquire, and for railing Portions for his younger Sons, and for making good the intended Settlement upon the Marriage of William -gejfen the younger, Gentleman, without any Amendment. Regulating They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thames Wa- for the better ordering and governing the Watermen, tenncn, &c. an(j Lightermen, upon the River of , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Baiting the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Militia, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Punishing Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Vtttnioa ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falle Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Amendment . Then the House resolved itself into aCommittee of the of the Law. whole House, to consider further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Mountague took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Mount ague reported from the Committee,

that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Dibble, Mr. Mr. , Fisher'n

Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Mason, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gery, Mr. Ih&ata. Hayes, Sir Henry Seymour, Mr. Bur lace, Mr. Wicker, Mr.

Monson, Sir Wm.St. Quintin, Sir Samu Garret, be added

to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Brett,

Esquire, and Judith his Wife, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurtiy 27* die Februarii;

Anno 4* Ann* Regin*, 1705.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act J.Hohrer-for veiling the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in tty'* Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr, Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord How*'* to enable Scrope Lord Viscount Hozve, in the Kingdom

of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to dujm of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ormoud' % Act to enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents in the County of

Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement, upon the Marriage of the said Earl of Arran, and for making good several Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in Fee-farm, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in, at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 7. Leave out " March," and insert "

Pr. 3. L. 1, 2. Leave out " other the Castles, Lord-f* ships, Manors."

P. 6. L. 40. Leave out " James Duke of Orinond, of " the said."

Pr. 7. L. 10. After " respectively" add " to the said Earl of Arran, or to his laid Grandfather, James late " Duke of Ormond.'*

L. 24*

4 Ann.

270 Febru

177

L. 24. After " issuing" add the said Charles Earl of Arran, and."

L. 32. Leave out " nor," and insert " and."

In the last Line of the Tide, leave out " Duke and." The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 6. After " by the several" leave out these Words " Towns, Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, Precincts, and Places, aforesaid, every, or any, of them," a.nd'instead thereof insert " Castles, Lordships, Seignories, Manors, Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, aforesaid, or any of them, or elsewhere, to them, or any of them, belonging or appertaining."

Pr. 7. L. rft, After the Word "Hereditaments" in-fcrt these Words, " in the County of , in the said Kingdom of Ireland."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Francis Majjamreported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of John Ballet, Gentleman, deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

ftafebjr Sir Gilbert Heathcot reported from the Committee, to Tjpu. wj10m t|ie Bin to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them (with an Amendment to one of them) were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in, and explain, an Act, passed in the last Session, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, Receiver General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, without any Amendment:

And also to a Eill, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the - Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Francis Clies, as Surety for William Penneck, of Exon, Merchant, in fix several Bonds for Duties on Tobacco, which the said William had at the Port of

Falmouth in December, 1701, without any Amendment: The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Non-commission Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Lord s and Colonel Coots

Regiments, without any Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the paying and clearing the several Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-General Colonel Hill,

and Brigadier Holt, and for supplying the Defects of the Muster-rolls of those, and several other Regiments, without any Amendment:

They have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Vox. 15.

futon Har-

Cobb's Debt to the Crown.

Clies* Debt 4othtCrown.

Belief of Lord Drop' heda's, Ac. Regiments*

Stewart's, fce. Regimental Arrears.

Tomkins'

Debt to the Cicwo.

to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkins and John Choigneau, and their Securities, for the Debts owing by them respectively to her Majesty, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Digby's made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Eliatei veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements, lying in the County of late the

Estate of John Digby, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to the intent that the same may be fold, for the discharging of the Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, thereon:

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Barry'* Act for settling and securing Part of the Estates of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Anne his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Anne, and her Children, and Sale of other Part of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Lord Howe'* made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Scrope Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that, which was intended, being, as expressed in the Marriage Settlement, uncertain, and contingent.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Increase of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Seamcn* House, to corifider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be ilain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Laymerie's, for naturalizing Vincent Laymerie, and others, was read &c- Nat. the Third time.

A Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, Thar *

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Ten.rs for, hcYe4"^r.

Tdlm for the Noes|^rr^;. j,69.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Maffam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentry and Clergy of the South Roman Parts of Lancashire, at their monthly Meeting February Catholics,

the 12th, 1705, in the Borough of Wigan, for lupprefling Prophaneness and Immorality, pursuant to her Majesty's most gracious Proclamation, and by and with the Bilhqp oiChester, their Diocesan's, Allowance, offered jointly and unanimously to the honourable Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in this present Sessions of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there has been several evil Practices committed by the Romish Priest, and popish Gentry, of late, as marrying without Licence, or Publication, visiting their Sick, in order to pervert them, and throwing all ill Language against our Church, and Government: And praying Re-drels and Relief therein.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to issue out her royal Proclamation, for the putting in Execution the Laws, which are in force, against all such Persons, as have or shall endeavour to pervert her Majesty's Subjects to the popish Religion.

Y y,

27* Februarii. A. 1705.

Preventing Growth of PopeTy.

Keweastle under Line Ele&ioiv

Orderly That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, Nemvie contradicente, That a Bill be brought

in, for making more effectual the Act of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the further preventing the Growth of Popery; and that Sir Parker,

Sir John Haivles, Sir Ja. Mount ague, Mr, Shuttleworth,

Mr- Ward, Mr. Cooper, and Sir William Strickland ,do prepara, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth j viz.

Upon the Petition of Crew Esquire, and John Lawton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir 'Thomas Bellott, Baronet, and Rowland Cotton, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Newcastle under Line:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, or Freemen refient.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were.

For Sir Thomas Bellott — — 182.

For Mr. Cotton — — — 173.

For Mr. Offley — — — 168.

For Mr. Lawton — — — 138.

But the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that they should disqualify so many of the Sitting Members Voters, on account of Treating, and corrupt Practices, as would make the Petitioners have a great Majority: And to this they examined several Witnesses.

John Clowes laid, that one Robert Rhodes came to him, to the Swan, and pulled out nine Guineas and an half, and said, if he would vote for Sir Thomas Belloit and Mr. Cotton, they were at his Service; but he refused to take them: That afterwards he received two half Crowns of Richard Welsh, to drink the Sitting Members Healths: That Bourne afterwards met him, and offered him £. 5, for 2lb. of Fish, worth but two Groats, on account of his Vote for the Sitting Members; and that Mr. Burslem, the Receiver General of the County, offered him £. 10, for his Vote for them, to be paid him after the Election; but he laid, he would not trull: And that, about Six or Seven a Clock next Day, Mr. Welsh brought him £, 3, in Part of the 10, which he received; and the said Clows not being satisfied, that be bad not brought all the £. 10, told him, he

hoped, Mr, Burslem was sufficient to answer the Remainder: That he himself, and several others of the Sitting Members Voters, were treated at and

other Places, at several Times; and the said Treating was carried on till within three Days of the Election: And he gave an Account of about Thirty Persons, that had been treated; and he law Richard Wiljb, an Agent of the Sitting Member, pay a Reckoning. Clows voted for Sir Thomas Bellott, and Mr. Offley.

Thomas Eccles said, his Brother William gave him £. 5 to vote for Mr. Cotton, and Wm. Mac hell offered him 40 s.to be for Sir Thomas Bellott-, but he did not receive the 40 s.

Tho. Clows said, that at the latter End of April last; he was in Company with Thomas Bagnall and John Biddle, and also with one Joseph Lilly, who was an Agent of the Sitting Members: That the said Mr. desired of Bagnall and Biddle to give the Sitting Members their Votes; and they saying, they were engaged, Mr. Lilly offered, and paid, them £. 3 a-piece, to vote for the Sitting Members, and desired Clows to take notice of the Consideration, that, if they did not vote so, he might have the Money again; and that the said Lilly acknowleged, that he had received, fix- Guineas

of Sir Tho. Bellott:Bagnall and Biddle voted for the Sitting Members: That Lilly likewise threatened several Persons, that owed him Money, to fend them to Gaol, if they did not vote for the Sitting Members.

John Brougham said, that Richard Welsh had often solicited him to vote for the Sitting Members, and, about a Month before May Day, gave him 50 s. of Mr. Cotton's Money, to put out a Boy, on Condition he should vote for the Sitting Members, otherwise he would have voted for the Petitioners. He said, he bought a Cow with the 50 s.

Ralph Barker said, he was solicited several Times by Mr. Burslem to vote for the Sitting Members, and on that account, received 22 s. at twice, from John Holland, by the Direction of Mr. Burslem; but he voted for the Petitioners. He gave Evidence also of about Thirty Burgesses, and some of their Wives, who were treated at several Places within a Week of the Election, and some but three Days before the Election.

Tho. Dudley laid, he solicited Votes for the Sitting Members: That a Week before the Election he met with Sir Thomas Bellott, who asked him, if he had not an Interest in one Hall; and that he telling Sir Tho. Bellott, that Hall wanted Money, he had £. 10 brought him the next Day by John Richards, and Robert Rhodes, who bid him give it to Hall, or do what he would with it; lb he engaged his Vote for the Sitting Members: That he offered to lend the said Money to on the Condition of his voting, and to take Hall's Bond for the Re-payment of the same quarterly; and that Hall refilling to receive the Money upon those Terms, he afterwards met Sir Thomas Bellott, and acquainted him with it} and Sir Tho. Bellott bid him keep to the Text, and keep the Money himself: He voted for Sir Tho. Bellott and Mr. Offley; and said, since Michaelmas he had been sued for the Money.

That the Witnesses, examined by the Sitting Members Counsel, were, first, to invalidate the Petitioners Evidence. And to this Point they called

Ben. Owlton; who said, he had been with Thomas Dudley (examined on behalf of the Petitioners) in October last; and that Dudley told him, that Mr. Offley wanted Witnesses; and that he believed, he knew something of the Matter; and, if he would give Evidence for the Petitioners, he should have £. 100 or £. 50, for Seven Years, without Interest; and on that pulled a Letter from Mr. Offley out of his Pocket: And that he was also with Mr. Dudley, the Monday before he came from Neivcajllei and Dudley pulled out some Farthings and Halfpence, and said, he was to have so many Guineas for coming up to be a Witness.

Dudley was called, to confront him; and he, in a fblcmn Manner, denied what Owlton had charged him with: He owned, he had several Letters from Mr. Offley, but never any to that Effect,

Mr. Ra. Wood said, he was employed by John Richards to sue Dudley, for the ^.10 received of him; and that being arrested for it, he bad put in Bail; and having had some Discourse with Dudley about it, hedid not pretend, it was given him, but laid, he had Squandered it away, and he would take care to satisfy Richards.

' Richard Michell said, that Tho. Clows was a Person of

no Reputation, being a Labourer; and that he had taken some of Michell's. Goods, and fold them.

That, as to Bribery, and Treating, they called

James Deane tivh, that Mr. WilliaLazvton gave him 30 s.on account of his double Voice for Mr. Offley and Mr. Lawton: That afterwards he repented, that he took it, being in his Inclinations for the Sitting Members, and he laid down the Money; but Mr. Offley came in, and made him take it again: And he produced the Money. He further said, that at Crew Hall he met with Mr. Parrock and Mr. Offley, and he letting Mr. know, that he had occasion for ao s. Mr. Parrock put the 201. into his Right Hand, while Mr. Offley held him by the Left. He acknowledged, he had drawn Drink: toe HbuJeJm Offley, at a former Election, and was not 17 paid;

4 Ann, 27® — 28° Pebrmtii.

paid j and that he lived in Parish House, but received no Collection: He voted for Mr. dftd Mr.

Colton.

Wm. Kniveton said, that about ten Days, or a Fortnight, before the Election, he was at Mr. s at Crew Hall, with some others; and that Mr. Offley took one Cooke ^side j and put some Money into his Hand j and they were treated with Wine: Aqd he said, he treated on Mr. Offley's account at several Houses, within five

or six Days of the Election, to the Value of about ,£.8. in all sand he named about Twelve Persons, he had so treated) and afterwards received of Mr. Sidney, Mr. John Offley % Steward, £.5. He acknowledged, he had disbursed Money, at a former Election of Mr. John and had attended at the Committee of Elections, a former disputed Election, and had deserved so much for his former Trouble.

Sam. Wetwood laid, that George Sparrow, who he took to be Mr. Lawton's Bailiff, desired his Vote for the Pe-titoners; and at first he refused to be for Mr. Lawton, because he had not been kind so him at a former Election j and thereupon Mr. Sp gave him 15 and

and lent him 6s. 6d.afterwards.

That he was also in the Mayor's Company, with one Burton; and they asking him his Vote for the Petitioners} he told them, he had a small Bill of 29 s. due from Mr. John Offley at a former Election; and that, if they would pay him his Bill, he would be for them; and that they did pay him his Bill, and he voted for the Petitioners.

Ro. Unwin said, he received of Mr. John Lawton a Crown, to drink, and also received £.3. 5 s. of Mr. Hat-rell, on account of his Vote for the Petitioners.

Margaret Pattyfon said, that Richard , when it

Was dusky in the Evening, met one 'Turnery and (he heard him offer Punier three Guineas; but he infilling Upon Five, Boughy gave him Two more, and gave him allb a Crown, to make much of his Wife: That afterwards Purner put her Hand into his, and laid, " See " what I have, to vote for Offley and Lawton," and she felt four or five Pieces; and when he came home, he flung them down, and they appeared to be Guineas.

That the Petitioner's Counsel called a Witness, as to Boughy, viz.

Mary Stubbs, who said, Ihe knew Boughy to be mad; and that' his Mother was mad; and that Boughy was kept up at the Election-time, and several Times before.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to these Kelblutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Phomas Bellott, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rowland Cotton, Esqu'ue, is not' duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough' of Newcastle under Lyne.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Crew Offley, Esquire, is duly eleCled a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said' Borough of Newcastle under Lyne-.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Lawton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle undei Lyne.

The First'and Second Rdsolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon she Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And'a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Crew Offley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Lyne;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Vol. 15.

Tellers for

Tellers for the Ndes, j t

*53-

130.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Jobu Lawton, Esquire, is duly eleCled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Lyne;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes,^j^‘ ^129.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, by rating out the Names of Sir Pho. Bellott, Baronet, and Rowland Cotton, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Crew Offley, Esquire, and John Lawton, Esquifo, instead thereof.

Newcastle under Lin* Ele&ioo.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. IVm. Burslem , Receiver General of the County of Stafford, is guilty of Bribery, in endeavouring to procure Sir Pho. Bellott, Baronet, and Rowland Cotton, Esquire, to be eleCled Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, iii the County of Stafford;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased todischarge the said Mr. William Burslem from his laid Employment of Receiver General.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

-4

yovisy 2 8° die Februarii 5

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended,- and (accord- Return ing to Order) amended the Return for the amended. Borough of Newcastle under Une, in the County of Stafford.

The House proceeded to fake into Consideration the Archbishop-Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Dul>" An Act for restoring to the Archbishoprick of Dublin lm ale* the Town and Lands of Seatown, and repaying so William,

Lord Archbishop of Dublin, the Money he paid for the same, upon Purchase thereof from the Trullees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

In the Title, 1. L. Leave out from " for" to the End of the Title, and read " making effectual a Grant " of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary,

" of the Town and Lands of Seatown to the Archbishop*

" rick of Dublin, and for restoring the same to the said "See,"

4 Pr. L. 23,24, instead of " at the humble Petition-" read " to the intent."

I. 24.

t

i8o

a 8° Felru

A. 1705.

L. 24. and 25. Instead of of the said William, Lord Archbishop of Dublin," read " that the pious " Intentions of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in granting the said Town, Lands, and " Premises,-to the See of Dublin, may take Effect.'* Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Railing the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Militia. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Punishing Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Mutiny and ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon. eertion. fj,e g-jj continuing the Act made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

T Tore's Estate.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Elizabeth Hove, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Moneys, arising the reby, to be applied for the Payment of Debts charged thereon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satis-' faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had

made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 11. Leave out "said," and after "will" insert, " of John Saunders, of aforesaid, Gen-

" tleman."

Fisher'* Sir Henry Dutton Colt also reported from the Com-Ettate. mittee- to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu.ed. An Act to enable John Brett Fisher, Esquire, and Judith, his Wife, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Children, in case they shall have any, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ,found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

from*'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. for veiling the Estate of V , of Maiden Early, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself, and Brother, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Strode do carry the* Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sadlcir'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. for Sale of the Manor of Temple Dionijley, alias Dinjley, and other Lands, in the County of Hertford, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin , Baronet, and other Purposes, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

American Ordered, That the Bill for the better Regulation of Govern- Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and for the Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom,

and of her Majesty's Plantations, be read Tomorrow Morning,

Sir James Mountague (according to Order) presented Preventing to the House, a Bill for the making more effectual the p*' 0 Act, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the further preventing the Growth cf Popery; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To- . morrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Duke of Act for enabling James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Ormond's Earl of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents in the County Estate* of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement, upon the Marriage of the said Earl of Arran, and for making good several Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in Fee-farm, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hclford, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Charitwwo* for the better collecting Charity-money on Briefs by Eneis. Letters Patents, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords desire a present Conference with this Lords desire Hqufe, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter aConference, of the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, E c intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the w-iys W1J1. Will of Edward late Earl of Carway, under the fevered Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depcfuions relating to the fame. Evidence on Trials at Law.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Jof Tredenham, Sir Gilbert Dolben,

Mr. Manly, Mr. Moor, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr.

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Ja. Mountague, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Mr.

Relies, Sir Nich. Morice, Lieutenant-General Earl, and Mr. Gwynn, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported the Conference, that it was managed by the Earl of Rochester; who acquainted them, that the Lords have agreed to all the Amendments, made by this House to the said Bill, except Clause A; to which they had also agreed, with an Amendment; for which they gave their Reasons, as followeth; viz.

Because that Part of the Amendment, made by the Commons, feenis to disappoint the general Scope of the Bill; and the Amendment, now offered by the Lords to the Amendment, made by the Commons, is more suitable to the Design of the Bill, and takes in the Interest of all Persons concerned therein.

And to which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Then the House took the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the same being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case Sir JoRa-wden, Baronet,

" Heir

4 Ann. a8° Februariu — i0 Martiu i 8

" Heir at Law to the said Edward late Earl of Conway, shall, during his Minority, or within seven Years after <c he shall attain the Age of 2ity Years, or, in case of his Death before such Age, any other Person, who shall be Heir at Law to the said Edward late Earl of " Conway, or doth or may claim any Remainder or " future Right to the said Ellate, or any Part or Parcel " thereof, shall, within Seven Years after he, she, or " they, shall attain to their respective Ages of 2ity Years, " contest the Validity of the said Will, in Law or Equity, in such Case, and upon such Proceeding in Law or " Equity, the said Francis Lord Conway, and every other Person claiming by the said Will, shall be obliged to produce the said Will, and make Proof thereof, " in like manner, as if this Act had not been tnade. And " it is hereby further declared, that no Expression, or " Clause, in this Act contained, shall any ways extend, " or be interpreted, to add tinto, or diminish, the " Force, Strength, or Effect, of the said Will or Writ-" ing above-mentioned; but that the same shall be construed to be, and considered, only of the same " Effect and Force, and none other, as if this Act had * not been made."

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dclben do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Subject-mattes of the last Conference.

.Answer to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Address. House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That lhe will please to bellow some Dignity in the Church upon Mr. 'Thomas Goddard, Chaplain to this House; her Majesty was pleated to lay, That lhe will bellow some Dignity in the Church upon him, when Hie shall fee a proper Occasion.

Frauds by Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bankrupts, whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and E'eftions, touching the Complaints of Breaches of Privileges against Sir Humphry,

a Member of this House, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Amendment The House (according to Order) resolved itself into of the Law. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

S\r James Mouniague took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Mount ague reported from the Committee, that

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Venerisy 1* Mar tit;

Anno 4* Anna; Regime, 1705.

Prayers.

IW» A ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. JtX.for veiling the Ellate of in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Moneys, arising the reby, to be applied for Payment of Debts charged thereon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the You 15.

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment j to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of John Gentleman*

deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Brett Fisher, Esquire, and Judith, his Wife, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Children, in case they shall have any, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That. Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bil to the Lords, and acquaint -them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the making more effectual the Act in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

RtJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Mount ague took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Muuntaguereported from the Committee,

that they had gone through the Bill, and made feverdl Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not paid.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falle Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Regulation of Charter and Proprietary Governments in America, and for the Encouragement of the Trade in this Kingdom, and of her Majesty's Plantations, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaints of Breaches of Privilege against Sir Humphry Mackworth, a Member of this House, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

7a 7, Sir

Ballet'S

Estate*

Fisher'i

Ellate.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Raising th* Militia.

Punishfcg Mutiny and Defer Uon*

American

Govern-

ments.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Privilege.

i° Mar tit.

182

A\ 1705.

Amendment Sir James Mount ague reported from the Committee of

of the Law. vvi10ie House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law', and the better Advancement of Justice, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read, and are, as follow;

P. 2. L. 40. After " Suit" insert" or for any Plaintiff " in Replevin."

L. 41. After Record" insert with the Leave of the same Court."

Pr. 3. L. 2. Leave out " appear to the Court to be frivolous," and insert " upon a Demurrer joined, be " adjudged insufficient."

L. 7. After Tenant" insert " or Plaintiff in " Replevin."

Pr. 3. L 27. Leave out from " Statute" to "And," Pr. 4. L. 12.

Pr. 4. L. 15. Leave out " of EjeElione or

" Trespass."

L. 21. Leave out " or," and after " Lands" insert tc or Place."

Pr. 6. L. 7. Leave out "ofSuit;" and, in the same Line, leave out " by the Plaintiff."

L. .8. After the first " in" insert any Suit, " or Suit in Law or Equity upon such Bond and leave out " the said Action."

L. 20. Leave out from " all" to " such," in

L. 22.

L. 25. After " Realm" insert " shall be " deemed good Witnesses, to prove any nuncupative " Will, or any thing relating the reunto."

L. 35. Before" Deed" insert " any;" and after " Deed" insert " already made, or hereafter " to be."

Pr. 7. L. 6. After " Pleas" insert " at " or in the Courts of Sessions in any of the Counties " Palatine, or in the Courts of grand Session in

Pr. 8. L. 38. Leave out from " Bail" to " and, " in Pr. 9. L. 41.

Pr. 10. L. 8. Leave out from " Heir" to and, " L. last.

Add Clause A.

Clause A. " And whereas great Trouble and Expence, is frequently occasioned to the Widows and Orphans " of Persons, dying entitled to Moneys, or Wages, " due for Work done in her Majesty's Yards and Docks, *' by Disputes happening about the Authority of granting Probat of Wills, and Letters of Administration " of the Goods and Chattels, of such Persons; and for * preventing such unnecessary Trouble, and Expence, " be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " that the Power of granting Probats of the Wills, and " Letters of Administration of the Goods and Chattels, " of such Person and Persons respectively, is, and is " hereby declared to be, in the Ordinary of the Diocess, " or such other Persons, to whom the Ordinary Power of Probat of Wills, or granting Letters of Administra* " tion, do belong, where such Person and Persons " shall respectively die; and that the Salary, Wages, " or Pay, due to such Person or Persons from the Queen's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for Work done in any of the Yards, or Docks, shall not be taken or " deemed to be bona notabilia, whereby to found the ,{ Jurisdiction of the Prerogative Court."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 3. L. 27, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiczi severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment Pr. 3. L. 27, to leave out from " Statute," to " and, " in Pr. 4. L. 12, being read a Second time, which is as followeth;

" And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said first Day of 'Trinity Term, where any Issue shall be joined in any Action " or Suit, brought, or to be brought, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at , upon Oath

<c made, that any material Witness or Witnesses cannot " be present at the Trial of the Cause, by reason of their being beyond the Seas, or of their being to go be- yond the Seas, or by reason of Sickness, or other " Infirmity, it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff, or Defendant, Demandant, or Tenant, by a Rule " of the Court, where the said Action or Suit is depending, to exhibit Interrogatories to such Witness or " Witnesses; who shall be sworn before one of the Judges

of the same Court, to make a troe Answer to such Interrogatories, and shall be examined upon the fam " by such Person, as the said Court shall appoint, or " the said Witness or Witnesses shall be sworn and examined before Commissioners, to be authorized for " that purpose by a Commission, to be issued under the " Seal of the said Court, as the Circumstances of the " same shall require; and the Depositions, so taken, " being filed, or entered of Record in the said Court, the Copies thereof, examined and signed by the Officer, " who shall have the Custody of such Depositions, may " be read in Evidence at the Trial of the said Cause, in case the said Witness or Witnesses cannot be there;"

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for the Ycas,^ . } 6a

TeUersfor theNoes.^ . } 56.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Actions of Account to be brought and maintained against the Executors and Administrators of every Guardian, Bailiff, and Receiver, and also by one Joint Tenant, and Tenant in common, his Executor and Administrator, against the other, as Bailiff, for receiving more, than comes to his just Share or Proportion, and against the Executor and Administrator of such joint Tenant, or Tenant in common; and for Auditors, to be appointed by the Court, where such Actions shall be depending, to be allowed for their Pains and Trouble in auditing and taking such Account, as the Court shall adjudge to be reasonable, to be paid by the Party, on whose Side the Balance of the Account shall appear to be.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And the Clause was read a Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and is marked B.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Arrests in small Actions.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the several Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 27. To leave out from " used" to " and, " in L. 37, as followeth:

" Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Attorney for the Plaintiff or " Demandant in any Action or Suit, shall file his Warrant of Attorney with the proper Officer of the Court, " where the Cause is depending, the same Term he dedares; and the Attorney for the Defendant, or Tenant, " shall file his Warrant of Attorney, as aforesaid, the " same Term he appears; under the Penalties inflicted " upon the Attorneys by any former Law, for default of " filing their Warrants of Attorney :"

Also Pr. 4. L. last, after " Conveyances" to insert " thereafter to be made."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

4 Ann. i° — 2° Martii.

Annj Arrears.

Irish

Arrears.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2° afe Martii;

Anno 4° Ann® Regin®, 1705*

Prayers.

SIR Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lady Mary Kirke was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the said Petition,

It appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner's late Husband, Lieutenant General Kirk, had a Commission from his late Majesty King ,dated the 24th

of December, 1690, to be Lieutenant General of all his Majesty's Forces, as well Horse as Foot.

That it likewise appeared by an Account, signed by the late Pay matter of the Forces in Ireland, that there is due,

For his Pay, as Lieu-' tenant-General, from the 24th of December, 1690,

(when his Commission bears

date) to the 20th of ORo-

ber, 1691, inclusive, being 301 Days, at £. per diem, the Sum of

For the Pay of his two

Aids du Camp for the same f__________

Time, at I or. per diem, (

each, the Sum of j d.

----- ----- --1,505 ——

Whereof there was paid him, as Major General, and for his Aid du Camp, from the 24th of December, 1690, to the 31st

of March, 1691, the Sum of - - - __________

So there remains due to him, to the,

20th of October 1691, the Sum of - > *2

So that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that the Petitioner hath fully proved all the Allegations, contained in her said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt also reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathaniel Booth, Esquire, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth:

That the Committee.having taken into Consideration the Allegations, contained in the said Petition,

It appeared, that the late Duke of Sc bomberg, by a Warrant under his Hand, dated the 29th Day of July, 1689, directed to the Mayor and Sheriffs of the City of Chester, did require the said Mayor and Sheriffs to appoint a convenient Place for the Reception of the sick and wounded Soldiers, brought over from the Camp in Ireland.

Pursuant to which said Warrant, the said Mayor and Sheriffs, by the Advice of the Doctors and Surgeons, did appoint and take a large House belonging to the Petitioner, called the Grey , situate in the City of Chester, for the Use of the Soldiers; and that the said House and Ground thereto belonging, was made use of for the publick Service, as an Hospital for the said sick Soldiers, for several Years, as appeared by a Certificate under the Vo L. 15.

£. s. d. 1,204 ——

Hands of the said Mayor and Sheriffs, dated 21st January, 1691.

That, upon a Reference of the Petitioner's same to Charles Fox, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Army in Ireland, the said Paymaster did report, that it was but reasonable, that the Petitioner should have Satisfaction for the Use of his laid House, during the Time it was employed in their late Majesties Service, and for the Damages done thereto; which Damages, together with three Years Rent (the Time the House was employed in the publick Service) amounted to £.419. 11 9 as by

the particular Disbursements, and the Rent for the aforesaid Time, doth appear.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee find, that the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations contained in the said Petition; and that there is due to him the Sum of^.419. nr.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Charter and Pro- American prietary Governments in America, and for the Encou- Govern-ragement of the Trade in this Kingdom, and of her ment* Majesty's Plantations, was (according to Order) read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for th. Ycas.J^ }34-

Tellers for the Noes,} So.

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Irish to whom the Petition of Captain Baird and William Arrtar‘* Hamill, Trustees for the Officers and Soldiers, who served in Londonderry, during the Siege there, in the Year 1689, and of such, during the late War in Ireland, as supernumerary Officers, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, having examined into the Allegations of the said Petition, do find, that the Services of the said Officers and Soldiers, in the Time of the Siege, was in a great measure the Occasion of reducing the whole Kingdom of Ireland to his late Majesty's Obedience.

That it appeared also to the Committee, by the Testimony of Lieutenant Colonel Stewart, Captain Edmunds, and several other Officers, who were in that City, during the Siege, that their Sufferings were very great, for several Persons, that were in the City during the Siege, to the Number of about 12,000, perished by Sword and Famine: That eight Regiments were in the City, some of which were Horse, especially Part of Colonel Baker's Regiment, but were at last reduced to Foot; such' being their Extremity, that they were forced to kill their Horles, and eat them: Afterwards they lived upon Tallow, Hides, and Starch, till such time as they were relieved by Major General Kirke.

That his late Majesty King William was so well latis-fied with their Services, that he promised them Compensation; and his Letter to Doctor Walker and Colonel Michelburne, dated the 16th of Auguj 1689, his Majesty was pleased to Use the Words following;

"We will therefore, that you rely on our royal " Favour towards you; and also, that in our Name you " assure the Officers, and Soldiers, and Inhabitants, of " that our City, that we will take fitting Occasions to " recompence their Services and Sufferings in ourCause,

" so that neither they, nor any other of our loving Subjeefts, shall ever have reason to repent them of a faithful Discharge of their Dut,-."

That

Conference with Lord*.

Duke of

Ormond's

Estate.

i84 2° Martiu A. 170

That it also appeared to the Committee, upon examining the said Allegations, that there is the State of the Account of the said eight Regiments of Foot, that served during the Siege, and an Abilratt of 214 supernumerary Officers, after the eight Regiments were reduced to three, and an Account due to an Independent Company, amounting in all to £.134,958. 3 as by several

Accounts doth appear; Part of which was dated by the then Pay matter of the Army in Ireland.

That it also appeared by a Report, made to his late Majesty by the Lords of the Committee for dated the iothof August, 1689, that when the said eight Regiments had been reduced to three, the supernumerary Officers should be provided for.

That by a Letter of the Lords of the Committee for Irish Affairs, dated the eighth of 1689, directed

to the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, it -appears, their Lordships did signify his Majesty's Order, for the forming three Regiments of Foot of the Londonderry Men, and desiring Mr. Harbord might be furnished with Money, to pay the same.

That the Establishment for the Pay of the reformed Officers, in an attetted Copy of Mr. Report, dated

the ill of March, 1691, was also produced to the

Committee.

So that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee find, that the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition; and that there is due,

To the eight Regiments, that served 1 £. s. d.

in Londonderry, during the Siege, the > 75,232. 12 8

Sum ot,

To the 214 reformed Officers, that were added to the three Londonderry Regiments, viz. Colonel White's, Colonel St. John's, and Colonel burnt's, according to the F.stablish-ment -

To the Pay, due to an Independent 1 Company, that served in the Siege - J 3>7°° lS

156,024 16 —

£i34>958 3 8

Whereof there has been received' from the Paymaster General of Ireland, and several others, by several Warrants and Orders from their late Majesties the Sum of - -

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

‘ 9,806 15 4

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported, that he having according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords do agree to the said Conference, and appoint the same prefenrly, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported, that they had acquainted the Lords, that this House had agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships to Clause A, added by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the several Seals of the four Courts of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Depositions relating to the fame, Evidence on Trials at Law; and he left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the bill, intituled, An Act for enabling James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, to settle Fee-farm Rents ii the County of , in

the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement, upon the Marriage of the said Earl, and for making 20

good several Grants, made by the said Duke and Earl in

Fee farm:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Christ-jpher the

elder, Clerk, deccufed, and of Reve, his only

Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be iold, for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making some Provision for Dorothy Reve, the Widow of the said Christopher Reve, the Son, and for Christopher Reve, his only Child, an Infant, without any Amendment:

They have a'fb agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Aid for vetting the Estate of Elizabeth Hore, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Moneys, thereby arising, to be applied to the Payment of Debts, charged t hereon:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the increase, and better Preservation, of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and llilts, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Thomas Duke of Norfolk was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, that by the Bill, now depending before this honourable House, for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, he is advised, he may be affidled, contrary to the Intent of this House: And pray ing to be heard by his Counsel (who attended, as the House was informed; for Explanation of some Woids in the said and such Relief, as to this

honourable House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Duke of Norfolk be heard by his Counsel, as to his Property in the Office of Earl Marshal of England, only.

And the Serjeant being directed cali in the Counsel, he reported, that there was not any Counsel attending.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be now made.

Sir James Mount ague (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, if any Person, entitled to take the Forfeitures, to be in curred by this Act, shall, for a Twelvemonth after such Forfeiture shall accrue, refuse to put this Act in Execution, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, upon Oath of two Witnesses, shall appoint such Persons, as they shall think fit, to receive the Profits of such Estates; which shall be applied towards the Maintenance of such indigent Persons, as shall be converted from the Popish Religion, and in case no such Persons, then for the increase of such small Benefices, as the Archbishops shall think fit, in their Provinces.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing contained in the said Act should extend to vacate the Substitution of Henry Lord Walden, to execute the Office of Marshal of England, already made by Thomas Duke of Norfolk, by virtue of Letters Patents, dated if die OH. 24* Car. id\, so as he take the Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration, therein mentioned.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

0 rd.red}

P.eve'i

ElUte.

I lore't Estate,

Salmon

Preservation,

Preventing Growth of Poptry,

Ditto.

4 Ann.

2° — 40 — 5°

185

Frauds by Ordered, That the Report from the Committee* to Boiikrupta. whom the Bill to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be taken into further Conlx-deration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 4 0 dieMartii;

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Laymerie's, &c. Nat.

LordCashell/

Estate.,

-Ailfwer* to Addresses.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to issue out her royal Proclamation, for the putting in Execution the Laws, which are in force, against all such Persons, as have or shall endeavour to pervert her Majesty's Subjects to the popish Religion j her Majesty was pleased to (ay, That (he would order, as is deli red by this House.

Mr. Comptroller also acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to discharge Mr. William , the

Receiver General for the County of Stafford, from his Employment of Receiver General; her Majesty was pleased to (ay. That (he would give Directions therein.

.Amendment An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Law* the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

fuse's

Ltuie.

An ingrossed Bill for the making more effectual the Act, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, was read the Third time; and several Amendments following were severally preposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. L. 8. After " any" to leave out " Grants," and insert Grant :*

Pr. 4. L. 3. After he" to insert " or (he Pr. 5. L. 26. Before *Tenements" to leave out " and ;* and after " Tenements" to insert " and Hereditaments

L. 31. To leave out " seemly," and insert " seemingly

Pr. 6. L. 11. Before then" to insert or that the Profits of such Estates (hall- exceed what is necessary for the Support of such Persons."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being, made, and the Question- being put. That the Bill do pads;

The- House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellen for ,hc Yeas, [ } 43-

Tellers for (he Noes, M.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ro. and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr, Speaker,

The-Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manors and Estate of and in and Dore, in the County of Derby, the Estate of Chrifiophtr Pegge, Esquire, and mortgaging Part of his Manor and Estate of and in and Strawberry

Vox.. 15.

Lee, in the same County, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making Provision for his Family, without any Amendment;

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Vincent De Laymerie, and others:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord Bulkley,

Viscount Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland, of leafing his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance and Satisfaction of the Trusts upon the said Estate, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Railing tb« a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for MiUtia. rafing the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not paid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ireton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Puniniing Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forcontinu- Mutiny an4, ing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Befertion. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant General Earl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant General Earl reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marti sy 50 die Martii j

Anno 4* Annae Reginae, 170$;

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- EordCafoelltf ment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Estate. An Act to enlarge the Power of Richard Lord Bulkeley,

Viscount Cashells, in the Kingdom of ,of leafing

his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance and Satisfaction of

the Trusts upon the said Estate.

And the lame, being twice read, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 22. For " Quadrupartite" read " Quin- quepartite."

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, irjfo forfeited to whom the Petition of Margaret, Anne, and , Estate*.

Blancbeville, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards de-» livered in at the Clerk's Table> where the same was read, and is as followeth:

Thar the Committee have taken into Consideration the said Petition.

2 A That

Irish Arrears.

18 6

5° Martii. 1705.

That it appeared, the Petitioners Father, Edmund Blancheville, was seised of a considerable Estate in Ireland, of the yearly Value of 700, which Estate was granted by his late Majesty (of glorious Mertiory) to the now Earl of Albemarle.

That by the Articles cf Limerick, all Persons, therein comprehended, were to enjoy their Estates, and to have their Outlawries and Attainders reversed.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the said Edmund Blanchroil'e did claim the Benefit of the said

Articles; and on the 10th Day of July, 1694, he was heard on his said Claim, and was adjudged within the same; but the Commissioners for the Forfeitures alleging, he had taken Protection, Time was given till after Michaelmas then following, for the King's Counsel to be heard.

That accordingly, on the 26th of November, 1694, the Matter was again heard in Council; and, upon Debate, it was adjudged, by a Majority of fix against three, that the said Edmund Blancheville was within the Articles.

That on the 13th of Sep:ember, 1699, the Matter was again heard before the Council; who did again adjudge the said Edmund Blancheville to be within the Articles of Limerick, in the Words following; viz.

" This Day the Cause being again moved, and no " Cause being shewn by the King's Counsel, whereby " to alter us in our Opinion, we think fit to declare, " that nothing hath been made appear to us, or offered " by his Majesty's Counsel, or any other, whereby to " induce us to believe, that the said Edmund -

" ville did either take, or receive, Protection, or that he " ought, on that Account, to be excluded from the " Benefit of his Adjudication of being within the " Articles of Limerick."

That it appeared to the Committee, that, notwithstanding the aforesaid Adjudication, the late Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, have seised, and fold the said Estate, which they valued at £. 643 per Annum.

That it appeared to the Committee, that, by the Marriage Settlement of Edmund Blancheville, the Sum ofj£. 1,400 was securedon the said Estate, for Portions for the Petitioners; but being advised, that the Estate was not forfeited, they omitted claiming the same j so that now the Petitioners are reduced to the utmost Extremity of Want and Misery.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition; and that they are real Objects of Companion, and justly deserve the Favour of the House.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.'

Sir Henry Dutton Colt also reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel John Mitchel-lourn was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having examined into the Allegations of the said Petition,

It appeared by a Commission under his late Majesty's Hand, when Prince of Orange, bearing date the 5th Day of February, 1688, that the Petitioner, Colonel Micbelburne, was thereby appointed Major of a Regiment, commanded by Colonel; with which

Regiment the Petitioner marched into the Town of Londonderry in April, before the late Siege; where he continued, with his Regiment, in the Defence of that Place, till the Death of Colonel Baker, which happened about the middle of June; when the Petitioner was cho!en, by the whole Garrison Governor and Commander inchief, withMr. performing all the Duty, during the Difficulty of that Siege, and defended the City to the last Exremity, until relieved by Major General Kirk.

That, upon Major General Kirk's coming into the

Town, the said Petitioner, Colonel drew

out the Garison; where the said Major General Kirk did muster the Petitioner's Regiment, and gave him a Commission, dated 3d August, 1689, to be fule Governor of the said City, and Colonel of the said Regiment.

That it further appeared to the Committee, by his late Majesty's royal Letter, dated the 16th of August, 1689, and directed to George Walker, and the Petitioner Colonel Michelbourne, Governors of Londonderry, gra-

ciously acknowledging the eminent and extraordinary Services performed by them (as his Majesty was gra ciously pleased to express it) in the rcl'olute and unparallelled Defence of the Lid Town; and therein promising to make such Retribution, as well to the Commanders in chief, who had been the happy Instruments (under God) of that Deliverance, as others, who had signalized their Loyalty in that Time of Trial; and that his Majesty would recompence their said Services, and Sufferings.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that his said late Majesty was graciously pleased, by his Commission, dated the 12th Day of August, 1690, to confirm the Petitioner in the Command of the said Regiment; with a Clause in the said Commission, to take Place, as if the said Commission bore date the tothDay of 1688,

the Time he first had that Command.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, by an Account, signed by Mr. William Slopcr, dated the 19th of January last past, setting forth, that lie had computed the Pay of the Petitioner Colonel John Michelbourne, for the several Times and Capacities following, viz.

For Three Months, or 90 Days Pay,1^ as Lieutenant of Grenadiers, and his 1 Servant, from the Time he quitted the 1 Irift) Army, till the 5 th of February, / 16S* when he was entertained as Major in his late Majesty's Army, at 4;. 6 d.a Day.

From the said 5th of February, 1681, to the 10th of March following, as Major and Captain of Foot, and three Servants, at 15 s.per diem

From the said 10th Day of

1688, to the 31st of December, 1689, from which Time the Pay of himself, as Colonel and Captain, together with that of his Regiment, is paid off by Debentures, as Colonel and Captain of Foot, and his Servants, at £.1. 4 per diem - -

From the 18th of^W, 1689 to the 7th of March, 169^ as Governor of Londonderry, at 10s. a Day

j

O

3

£. s. d.

20 5 —

24 ——

356 8 —

99* ——

Amounting together to - £. 1,392 13 —

So that the Committee do find, that the Petitioner hath proved the Allegations contained in this said Petition; and that there is due to him the aforesaid Sum of One Thou (and Three hundred Ninety-two Pounds, Thirteen Shillings,

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table*

Lieutenant General Erie (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Desertion? whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause

e

fcaifing ihi

Militia*

Frauds by Bankrupts*

4 Ann. 50 — -6° i 87

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissaries, appointed by this Act to mutter their Regiments before two Justices of the Peace there, thall, upon their giving fuel) Justices eight-and-forty Hours Notice, proceed to mutter, without incurring the Penalties of this Act.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ireton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not paid, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Lieutenant shall issue out Warrants for railing any Trophy-money, till the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall have allowed the Accounts of the Trophy-moneys last raised, and certified their Examination under four of their Hands, or more of them.

And the same was twice read, and amended by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevents Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be now resumed.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second lime, were (with Amendments to some of them) upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause P. (That all Persons, who before the 25th of

December, 1705, became Bankrupts, or against whom any Commission, before that Day, was issued forth, or before the 24th of June, 1706, shall issue forth, who shall voluntarily, before the first of July, 1706, give Notice to the major Part of the Commissioners, that they will surrender themselves, and submit to be examined, and conform to the Statutes already made, shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act) being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall extend to the Benefit of any Persons, that shall have lost Five Pounds in one Day, or f. 100 in a Year, before any Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded against them.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vet. 15.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii;

Anno 4# Annae Reginas, 1705.

Pit AYE RS.

SI R Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented Debenture to the House, a Bill for the enlarging the Time for °n ,n.(h; registering Debentures upon the forfeited Estates irf *or eiwre-Ireland; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Samuel Vernier, was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bold's Estate. Ail for veiling the Estate, late of Richard Esquire, in Trustees, to be leased, fold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Moneys, to which the same is liable, without any Amendment:

They have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Lombard's for the more effectual securing of Part of the Lands of Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard, in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, and for alluring (in lieu of other Part thereof) other Lands of Inheritance, therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Coinage Ail to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Duties, missioners of the Treasury, to issue, out of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of- Stanhope's Lands in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of John- Estate. Stanhope, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees,

The House took into Consideration the Amendment, Coinage made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Duties, impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue, out of the Moneys arising by the Coinage Duties, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint.

And the lame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

In the Title, L. 4, after " exceeding" insert " 500

*c over and above."

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment, Stanhope's made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. the Sale of Lands in the County of late the

Estate of John Stanhope, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 6. Leave out from " said" to in" in the 8th Line, and read " George Whiehcolt and Robert Pin~

" dar, of Ozvston, in the said County of Lincoln, Gen

" tlemcn."

Ordered, That the Lord William Pozulet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An

Hairing the Militia.

Punishing Mutiny and Dtfertion*

Molloy'f

ElUtt

Flict Prison.

6° Martii

A. 1705,

An ingrossed fiill for raising the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not paid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Moneys.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falle Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Erie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Margaret and Mary Mol/oy wa,s referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows j viz.

That the Committee haying taken into Consideration the said Petition,

It appeared, that Charles , the Petitioners

Grandfather, was seised in Fee of a considerable Estate in Irelandi who had Issue Cha the Petitioners,

Father.

That Charles, the Grandfather, in January, 1666, did devise the feme in Fee to his only Son a/id his

Heirs, whereby tire said Charles, the Son, the Petitioners, Father, hecame seised and possessed thereof; after whose Death the same defeended to his Son, and Heir, Arthur Mol/oy, who continued seised and possessed thereof until his Death, and left no fffue.

After whose Death, the Petitioners, being Sifters of the whole Blood, and consequently Heirs at Law to the said Arthur, entered, and had quiet Possession of, the said Estate, till such time as the same was seized, upon Pretence of the Attainder of one Charles Geoghegan, who claimed under a Deed, made in 1663 by Charles, the Grandfather, at such time as he was a. Lunatick; as was fully proved to the Committee.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the said Geoghegan never enjoyed, nor had any Possession of, the said Estate.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners exhibited their Claim to the said Estate before the said Trustees; yet they thought fit to dismiss the fame, and fold the Estate for 6,034. $J.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition $ and that they are real Objects of Compassion, apd justly deserve the Favour of the House.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table,

Mr. Ducket reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of 'Thomas Fitz Richard AJUon (complaining of divers ill Practices in the Fleet Prison) was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, having examined Part of the Matters complained of, find the feme as follo.weth: a»

That, after several Orders of the Committee, served upon Anthony Grindall, Warden of the said Prison,

Robert Saunders, Register of the Marriages there, and other Officers, to produce their Accounts, Books, and Registers, of Marriages, Licences, and Certificates of Marriages, in the said Prison, and the Profits arising the reby, they at several Times produced several Books of Registers, as the true Books thereof, which, by the Face of the Books, and by Examination of Witnesses thereupon, appeared to the Committee to be sham Books, and not the true and secret Register kept there.

That many Marriages were omitted therein; many therein, without the Parson's Name, by whom married; many others, without the Degree, Quality, or Place of Abode, of the Parties married, as by the Act of the 6th Year of King William the Third, touching Marriages, they ought to be.

That it also appeared by the said Books, and Witnesses, that it is usual to have betwixt 20 and 30 Marriages there on a Day; and that, from the 19th Day of October,

1704, to the iath of February, 1705, 2,954 of such Marriages (besides those omitted) were there celebrated, at between 12 s.and aor. or more, per Couple.

That the said Officers have produced no Licences* Certificates of Banns, Certificates of Marriages, or Accounts thereof.

That there have been many Abuses therein, relating to the Subject; to wit, concealing, by private Marks in the said Books, the Marriages of such, as will pay for it; and giving Certificates of Marriage to such, as were never married.

That the said Warden, Register, and other Officers* have been privy to the said Marriages; and that they have received great Shares out of the Profits thereof.

That the said Paribas, Register, and forne other of the said Officers, concerned therein, are Prisoners to the said Warden; and that it was in the Power of the said.

Warden to have prevented the said Marriages.

That there are great Penalties, by several Acts of Parliament, on the Parsons, Register, Clerks, and Parties, fb marrying, or married; to wit, 100 on the Parson,

£. 100 on the Register, and Clerk; and 20 on the Husband married.

That by several Acts of Parliament there is due to the Queen, for every Licence of Marriage 5 r. for every Certificate of Marriage 5J. for the Marriage of every Person whatsoever, 2 s. 6 d.and, over and above, for the Marriage of every Person, worth £. 50 per Annum, or £. 600, aor. and for the Son of every such Person 10 x. and greater Duties on higher Degrees or Qualities.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Queen has been defrauded of all, or the greatest Part of, t he Duties, due by the several Acts, on Marriages, Births, and Burials, by the unlawful Marriages-in the Fleet Prison, without Licence, or Certificates of the Banns of Marriage, which ought to have been paid ‘ for the said Marriages.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

And ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds, usually com- Frauds by mitted by Bankrupts, was read the Third time. Bankrupt*.'

A Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That all Persons, who are become Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be issued forth before the 25th of March, 1706, who shall voluntarily surrender themselves before the 24th of 1706, to the Commissioners in such Commission named, and submit to be examined, shall have the Benefit of this Act.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks > and the Blanks filled up.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers

4 Ann. 6° — 8° Mar tit, 189

Tellers for the Noesl^r. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Clause was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The Housedivided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Smiford: \ 5+'

Tellers for the Noes|^; } J3.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The several Amendments following being proposed to be made to the Bill; vi

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Sir GHeathcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Abbington's The 1-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Estate* Act for vesting certain Terms, for forty Years, in Trustees, which was granted by John Esquire, deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases, according to the Usage of the Manors therein mentioned, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said John,

without any Amendment:

Vaughan's And also have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Ellate of Arthur , of Tretherwen, in

the County of Montgomery, an Intant, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the fame, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable, without any Amendment:

JBorocold'a And also have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate- the Sale of an Advowson in late the Estate of

Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Child, without any Amendment:

Recruiting And also have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amoy, the better recruiting her Majesty's Army, and Marines, without any Amendment:

Gower's Alio, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estate of ‘Thomas Gower, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold, for the Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder for the Benefit of his two Daughters, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. The said Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 29. Instead of " read "

L. 41. For " John" read " Thomas."

Pr. 61. L. 14. For " John" read " Thomas."

L. 29. For " John" read "

Ordered, That Mr. Barker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Venerisy 8° die M; Anno 5* Annas Regina;, 1705.

Prayers.

SI R Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Com- Debentures mittee, to whom the Bill for the enlarging the For*

Time for registering Debentures upon the forfeited lel re8k Estates in Ireland, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, Which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where -

the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put -

thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bilk That in all Cases, where it shall appear by Affidavit, made before one of the Barons of the Exchequer, that any Debentures were loft, or burnt, before the Four-and-twentieth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Six, the Officers, by the said Act appointed, shall make out Duplicates thereof, and pay the same.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard llolford and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Sands'Estate. for taking the Estate in Law of a Mortgage, made by John Sands, Esquire, which is descended to the Daughters, and Coheirs, of John Pargiter, deceased, who are Infants, out of such Infants, they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Baldwin's Act for vesting Part of the real Estate of Ralph Baldwin, Estate. Gentleman, in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Public to whom the several Petitions, relating to publick Mourn- Mourning*, ings, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place.

And the Question being put. That the Report be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Pamphlet re-Pamphlet, intituled, "A Letter from Sir Rowland spechng " Gwynto the Right honourable Earl of Stamford"

, J , ° n, , J . phia scorning

which was brought up to the 1 able, and read; England.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the said Pamphlet is a icandalous, false, and malicious, Libel, tending to create a Misunderstanding between her Majesty and the Princess Sophia, and highly reflecting upon her Majesty, upon the Princess Sophia, and upon the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Telte forth.,) ,4,.

Tdlers for, htN^4"/X.. } 7«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Address for Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Order for the prosecuting Discovery and prosecuting the Author, Printer, and the Autl, or' Publishers, of the said Pamphlet.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be communicated Resolution* to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence municated t# desired thereunto. Lords. '

3 B Ordered,

190

8° — 9 ° — \\° Martii. A. 1705.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Debenture! on Irish For feituxei.

Conference vith Lords.

Raising the Militia*

Rowe's

Estate.

Funishing Mutiny and Defer tion.

JUifing the

Sabbati, 90 die Martii;

Anno 50 Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time for registering Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 1. L. 10, after Six" to insert " that such u Debentures."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Time for registering unsatisfied Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in and for renewing of other Debentures, which have been loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, that he having (according to to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon a Matter of publick Concern, and relating to the Privilege of both Houses of Parliament; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Conningfby, Mr. Poultney, the Lord Pozvlet, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Gilbert Dnlben, Sir Richard Sir Nick.

Morice, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Annejley, Sir 27/5. do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned}

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, that they had delivered to the Lords the Resolutions of Yesterday, relating to the printed Pamphlet, intituled, " A Letter from Sir Rowland Gwynn to the Right honour-u able the Earl of Stamford," and desired their Lordships Concurrence thereunto. and left the Pamphlet with them. '

A Mefliige from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid j and for an Account to be made of Trophy Moneys; with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Rowe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the Purchase-money to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts, without any Amendment:

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fallc Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, not-

withstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Moneys.

And the fame, being read, is as follows: viz.

Pr. 2. L. 22. After " Year" insert " since the 25th ct Day of June, which was in the Year 1696."

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Conference Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment, desired with

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw Lordi* up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference;

And it is referred to Mr. Freeman, Mr. IVollafton,

Sir Jo. Tredenham, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr.

Lord Wm. Rowlett, Lord ConningfbyxMr. Vernon, Sir

Gilbert Dolben, Nix. Chafe, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Stapleton, Mr.

Clarke, Mr, Rolls, Mr. Langherne, Mr. Annejley.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunas, ii° die Martii;

Anno 5* Ann® Regin®, 1705.

Praye rs.

A MESS A GE from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House, upon Lords defir* the Subject-matter of the lall Conference, at One a aComcruice. Clock this Day, in the Painted Chamber:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lord Strang-Act for supplying the Deleft s of a common Recover}', fonls Luate. suffered by Philip Smith, Esquire, Viscount of

the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esquire, his eldest Son, and of their Deed, which declared the Uses of the said Recovery, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as they desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference upon the Amend- Lord* defir* ments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An a Conference Act for the Amendment of the Law, and better Ad- ment of ^the vancement of Justice, at Two of the Clock this Day, in Law. the Painted Chamber:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Williams' Act to enable John Williams, an Infant, notwithstanding Lftatt. his Infancy, to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of,

held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral.

Church of Lincoln, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference Conferenc* with the Lords, as they deGre. agreed to.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration* the Williams* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Liute.

An Act to enable John William, an Infant, notwithstanding his Infancy, to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln.

And the same being read, are as follow; viz.

At the End of the- Bill add Clause, marked A.

In the Title, 2 L. for " Infanty" read " Infancy."

4 L. Leave out " under."

15 5- I-

5 Ann.

5 L. After Lincoln' add "and also for settling " the Prebend of Burden, as an Augmentation for the " Vicar of Bugden, and vesting the ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Parish of Bugden in the Bishop of

f< Lincoln."

Clause A. " And whereas the ancient and uftial Seat and Residence of the Bishop of Lincoln is the Palace " of Buckden, in the Parish of aforesaid, the

" Patronage and Jurisdiction of which Church is in the abovesaid Prebendary of Buckden, belonging to " the said Cathedral Church of Lincoln, by reason " whereof the said Bishop hath no ecclesiastical Jurisdiction there, although the Manor of Buckden doth belong to the said Bishop; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, whenever the " Prebend of Buckden, by the Decease of the present " Prebendary, or . by any other lawful Means, shall first become void, the same shall be, and is hereby, "annexed to the said Bishoprick at Lincoln for ever;

and the fame, together with the foie Ordinary and spiritual Jurisdiction of that Parish, from thenceforth " shall be vested in the Bishop of Lincoln for the Time " being, and his Successors, for ever, the said Bishop *' Handing charged for the First fruits and Tenths of the said Prebend, and also with the Payments, due to the Church and Choir of Lincoln upon Account of the said Prebend, as any other Prebendary of the same heretofore hath been, or of Right ought to have been; nor shall the Dean and Chapter of coin, or any of the Prebendaries there, from thened-

forth have, claim, or exertiie, any Jurisdiction within

the said Parish. And whereas the Vicarage of the said Parish of Buckden is of so small a Value, that it is not a competent Subsistence for the Vicar thereof;

44 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that,

44 whenever the said Prebend shall be annexed to the said Bishoprick, as aforesaid, that then, and from thenceforth, the whole referred Rent, belonging to,

44 and issuing out of, the said Prebend, after the Payments, due and belonging to the Church and Choir

of Lincoln, are discharged* shall be paid, and is hereby annexed, to the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Buckden, for ever; the Vicar of the fame, for the

44 Time being, saving harmless the said Bishop frond the First fruits and Tenths, charged upon the said Prebend, and discharging all such other Dulies, be- longing to the Church of Lifof or by reason of the said Prebend, in like manner as the Prebenda- ries of the said Prebend have hitherto done* or of Right ought to do. Provided always, that the an- nexing of the said Prebend to the said Bishop shall not prejudice the Right or Claim of the said John Williams, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Lease of the Tytties of the said Prebend, or to the Houses, Glebe " Lands, or other the Revenues and Appurtenances,

" thereunto belonging; but that the farlie may be re- newed from Time to Time, after the said Prebend shall be annexed to the said Bishoprick, by the Bishop,

44 and his Successors, in such and the lime Mariner, as the same might have been done by the Prebendary for the Time being, in case this Act had not been made."

The first of the said Amendments, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TrftaforthcY }«-

Tellers for (he Nocs.J JJ}£ slZhrl,: } 3a-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The fell of the said Amendments, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question fevereetly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. 15.

MdrtiL t£i

Ordered, That the Lord WilHetfh Poivlet 'do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The Tirtie being corhe for the Conference with the Conference Lords upon the Subject-malter of the last Conference: Zlpamphlet Ordered, That the Managers, who thanaged the last respecting Conference, do mahage this Conference. Princess

And the Managers went to the Conference: Sophia's

And being rtfuriied j,

Mr. Compton reported the Conference} and that it was managed by the Duke of Bolton; who acquainted them, that the Lords had agreed to the Resolutions of this House, relating to the printed Pamphlet, intituled,

44 A Letter firdrri Sir Rowland Gwyn to the Right honourable Rati of Stafhford

And also, that they had agreed upon an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, pursuant to the said Resolutions: to which Address they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Tlfe said Addfefs being read, is as followeth 3 viz<

Die LUni, 11* MartH, 1705.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and obedient Sub* jedls, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to acquaint your Majesty, that, having taken into our serious Coii* sideration a printed Pamphlet, intituled, *4 A Letter from Sir Rowland Gwytiht to the Right honourable the Earl of Stamfdrd," we came to the fdllowing Resolution: 44 That the said Pamphlet is a fc&ridalouS,

44 false, and malicious, Libel, tending to create a Mil*

44 understanding between your Majesty and the Prist- cess Sophia, and highly reflecting upon your Majesty,

44 upon the Princess Sophia, and upon the Proceedings Of " both Houses of Parliament."

May it please yduf Majesty s This seditious Libel having bderi of late With great Industry dispersed among youi* Subjects, we htimbly beseech your Majesty to give strict Orders for the Discovery of the Author, Printer, and Publishers, thereof, to the end they may be brought to condign Purtishment, according to the utmost Rigour of the Law; and we pray your Majesty to use all Means, which shall fefeth ptoper to your royal WifdOrtt, for preventing such insolent and dangerous Attempts for the future.

The said Address being read a Second time, with a Blank therein;

Resolved, That the Blank te filled up with the Word Commons." \

Then the Question being put, That this House do agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended;

The House divided:

The Teas go forth:

Tellers mr the Yeas,}^ ^Onslow ^| 6i'

Tellers for the Noes.j * j 44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Sub-je£l-master of the last Conference.

Mr. Compton reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; the Lords do agree thereunto, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Compton reported, that they had acquainted the Lords, that this House, had agreed to the said Address; and had left the same with the Lords. Conference

The Time being come so# the Conference With fh'e Amendment

Lords of the Law*.

192 ii°Martii. ^.1705.

Amendment of the Law.

Lords upon the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice;

Ordered, That Mr. Compton, Sir , Lord

Comtingsby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. , Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Paget, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr Sir

Gtlbert Dolben, Sir John Haw/es, Mr. Mr. Brom-

ley, Mr, Winnington, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Coke, Lord Windsor, Mr. Scobell, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported the Conference; and that it was managed by the Duke of; who acquainted

them, that the Lords have agreed to several of the Amendments, made by this House to the said Bill, and disagreed to others of them; for which they gave their Reasons: Which Reasons Sir Gilbert Dolben read in his Place, and delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; and the Reasons are as follow:

The Lords do not agree to the first Amendment, made by the Commons, Pr. id, Line 27, which is to leave out the Clause, requiring Attorneys to file their Warrants, as is thereby directed;

ift, Because Warrants of Attorney ought, by Law, to be filed upon Record.

2dly, This Law is founded upon good Reason: For Filing the Warrant is the proper Way of making it appear to the Court, who is the Attorney, that he may be liable to answer for Irregularities, and ill Practice; and also, that he has a sufficient Authority to act for the Party in the Suit.

3dly, The Suitor always pays for the Charges of filing the Warrant, and therefore the Attorney ought to be obliged to file it in due Time.

4thly, In most of the Statutes, made for Reformation of Jeofails, particular Care has been taken, to make Provision for the punishing the Neglect of filing Warrants of Attorney: And the Lords thought themselves the more obliged in the particular to follow the Example of former Parliaments, and to require the Warrant to be filed the same Term, the Attorney takes upon him to act by virtue of such Warrant;

1 ft, Because, among the many Cafes, to which Relief is given by this Bill, there is no Help, where a Warrant of Attorney is not duly filed:

idly, Because, although there are many Laws in this behalf, yet there has been of late a total Neglect of putting any of them in Execution.

The Lords agree to the 2d, 3d, 4th and 5th, Amendments, made by the Commons.

The sixth Amendment, made by the Commons whereby the Clause, impowering Courts of Law, after I flue joined, to examine such Witnesses, as cannot be present at the Trial, the Lords do not agree;

I ft, Because they take such a Power to be necessary, for the Advancement of Justice, and preventing Delays, which, in many Cafes, may be the Occasion of the intire Loss of the Party's Right, and are often of very ill Consequence, especially among Persons concerned in Trade, as well Plaintiffs, as Defendants: For the same Proof, which by this Clause is required, to enable the Courts of Law to take the Depositions of Witnesses, who cannot be present at the Trial, will be sufficient, as the Law now stands, to oblige the same Court to put off the Trial, till the Witnesses can return into England, or be restored to their Health, so as that they may be present at the Trial: The Inconvenience therefore of the Want of such a Power is manifest.

2dly, This Clause does make at least as full a Provision for a just Indifference in point of Examination of such Witnesses, as the Law has provided for all Examination of Witnesses, in Courts of Equity.

3dly, This Clause may prevent many tedious Suits in Courts of Equity: For when Persons cannot try their causesin due Time, by reason the Witnesses cannot be

present, they will be trying all Experiments, rather than lose the Testimony of their Witnesses.

4thly, This Clause is drawn with such Caution, that no Examinations can be taken in the Courts at Law, till after I flue be joined: and the Depositions can only be made use of upon the Trial of that Issue; nor even in that Cafe, if it falls out, that the Witnesses, who have been examined, can afterwards be personally present at the Trial, either by Recovery of their Health, or by the unexpected Delay of their Voyages.

The Lords have agreed to the several Amendments, made by the House of Commons, Pr. 4. Line 15th, L.

21, and Line the last; and also Pr. 6. Line 7 th, Line 8th, Line 20, Line 25, and Line 3 5.

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendment, Pr. 7th, Lihc 6; and to the Amendment Pr. 8th, Line 38.

As to the Amendment Pr. toth, whereby the Commons leave out from the Word " Heir" Line 8th, to the Word " and, " Line the last of that Press (which is the Clause relating to the Courts of Equity) the Lords do not agree, for the following Reasons:

That Clause consists of Three Parts:

As to the first; Part of that Clause, which requires the Bill to be filed with the proper Officer, before any Process be issued thereupon against any Defendant; the Lords conceive this Provision to be agreeable to Reason and Justice, and ancient Course in all Courts of Equ ty: For at the Conclusion of every Bill the Plaintiff prays the Court, that Process of Subpirna nuy issue, requiring the Defendants to appear; which demonstrates, that the Process ought to follow the Bill, and not go before it; and that the contrary Practice is a manifest Abuse, only tending to encourage Suits.

2dly, The restoring the Law in this particular will prevent many vexatious Delays, and great Expences, to the Parties, by taking away all Occasions of Disputes about the Regularity of filing of Bills, and about obtaining Costs, and other Questions relating to that Matter, which frequently happen.

3dly, The Lords believe, that this Method will prevent many causeless Suits, by obliging the Plaintiffs to advise with Counsel, in drawing and settling their Bills, before they begin to sue; for by this Means they will have Time to consider, and be well adviled, of the ilea-fonableness of their Pretences; whereas now they begin Suits, sometimes only with a Prospect of terrifying innocent Men to a Compliance, from a Dread of the Process, and at other Times they are drawn in to fend for Subpoena's by ignorant and vexatious Persons, who are to gain thereby: and so they seldom consider of the Cause of the Suit, till after it is begun.

4thly, The Lords hope, that no Regard to any Profits or Advantages, which may arise from the Increafeof the Number of Subpoena's, can have such Weight with the House of Commons, as to hinder them from giving Relief to the People of England, in lessening the Number of vexatious Suits.

As to the second Part of the Clause, which obliges the Plaintiff, in Courts of Equity, to serve the Defendant with a Copy of the Bill, at the same Time the Subpoena is served upon him; the Lords do not agree to leave it out of the Bill, because they conceive it to be reasonable, and to carry great Advantages along with it.

ift, It seems very convenient, that Defendants, at the same Time they are served with Process, should be made acquainted with the Matter, for which they are sued.

2dly, If the Plaintiff be obliged to give the Copy of the Bill, at his own Expence, to the Defendant, it is likely to be the most effectual Way to prevent the Tedi-oufness and Impertinence of Bills, which (as generally drawn) are a great Reproach to the Court, as well as an intolerable Vexation to the Suitor.

3dly, This would contribute to the Cure of another very general and great Abuse, in making many Persons Defendants, unnecessarily, and for Vexation only.

4thly,

5 Ann,

4thly, This Teems to be the more reasonable, because it puts Plaintiffs and Defendants upon a more equal Foot in Courts of Equity. This Part of the Clause provides expressly that the Plaintiff shall be reimbursed the Charges he was at for the Copy of the Bill, in case he prevails in the Suit; and, if he does not; he has no Reason to pretend to it; whereas, without this Clause, Defendants in Courts of Equity arc in a very unhappy Condition: The Plaintiff is at Liberty to make as many Persons Defendants, as he pleases, all of them are obliged to take Copies of the Bill, which the Plaintiff may make as long, as he thinks fit, and every Defendant must put in his Answer; and when they have been at all this Charge, which generally amounts to a considerable Sum, the Plaintiff can, of Course, dismiss his own Bill against all or any of them, for twenty Shillings Costs a-piece.

It has been objected, that, in some Cafes, this may occasion great Expence to the Plaintiff: and, as the Course now is, several Defendants may appear by one Clerk, and then they may all make use of the same Copy of the Bill.

The Lords think, that, though it be true, that several Defendants may appear by the same Clerk, who may make use of one Copy only, yet, if the Matter were thoroughly examined into, it would be found, that very few of those Defendants have escaped paying for distinct Copies of the Bill.

If the Commons are of opinion, that some Causes may be of such a Nature, that the giving Copies of the Bill to all the Defendants may be too expensive, andun-necessary, they may, if they please, make an Exception of those Causes, as the Lords have already excepted Suits in the Exchequer, for Recovery of Tythes; or they may oblige the Plaintiff only to serve the Defendants with true Copies of the Bills, without requiring, that such Copies be signed by the Officer of the Court; which will take off all Pretence of the Greatness of the Expence, and will discover, that the Ease of the Plaintiffs is not the true Ground of opposing this Part of the Clause.

As to the third Part of the Clause, which takes away the ingrossed Copy, Abstract, or Tenor, of the Bill, usually sent with the Commission to take the Defendants Answer; the Lords do not agree to the leaving it out of this Bill;

Because such Tenor, though it was really a true Copy of the whole Bill, can never be of any Use to the Defendant; and yet all the Subjects of England, who have the Misfortune to be sued in Chancery, must pay for this a considerable Sum, more or less, according to the Length of the Bill, although they can have no Advantage by it: But that, which makes the Abuse upon the Subject more notorious, is, that this ingrossed Abstract, or Tenor, is never any true Copy, or sensible Abstract, of the Bill, but for the most Part, an impertinent Scrible, and often a Piece of waste Parchment, without any thing contained in it, relating to the Matter of the Suit.

The Lords think, wheh Clerks and Officers in Courts of Justice perform Matters, which require Skill, or are obliged to undergo Trouble, they ought to have just Fees and Encouragements; but they hope, when so gross an Abuse and Imposition is discovered, and laid open to the House of Commons, they will not endure, that it should be continued, nor suffer the private Advantage of Clerks to stand in Competition with the general Ease of the Subject.

As to the Clauses A and B, the Lords have agreed.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Report into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Wanning the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Navy, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Methods for the manning of her Majesty's Navy, yot. 15.

*9

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Queen House, that their Lordships having sent the Lords of the white Staves to her Majesty; humbly to know, what . Time the will be pleased to be attended with the Ad-drefsof both Houses; her Majesty hath appointed to be attended therewith at Two a Clock Tomorrow, at St. James' %; and their Lordships intend then to be there:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Deane's

Act for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton lute*

and Dorfei, late the Estate of Thomas Dean, Esquire, de-

ceased, for Payment of the Debts, and Legacies, charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 12° die Mart it;

Anno 5#Anni£ Reginas, 1705.

P RAYER S.

SI R Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to ^aifin(T whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be Militia — -offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing with Lords the Lords in the Amendment, made by them to the Amendments. Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Monies; that they had drawn up the same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow;

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships to a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Monies: by inserting in the ad Press, L. 33, after " Year," " since " the 25th Day of June, which was in the Year of our " Lord 1696;" for some Reasons, for which the Commons can never depart, as well as for the Reasons following:

1. The adding those Words being an implied Acknowlegment, that your Lordships think, it is just, an Account be given of the Trophy Money, collected since that Year, before any new Charge of the same Kind be laid upon the Subject, the Commons conceive, it is altogether as just and reasonable, that an Account should be likewise given of all such Monies, as have been col-lcfted before the Year 1696, and which remain unaccounted for; in regard the Subject has as much Right to be satisfied in the one Cafe, as in the other, whether the Sums, they have paid for Trophies, have been duly applied to that Ule; and there being no means so effectual, of obtaining that Satisfaction, as by the Proviso in the Bill.

2. Care being taken in the Bill, that it shall not extend to Places, where by reason of any Treasurers absconding, failing, or being dead, an Account cannot be passed, the Commons conceive, that the requiring an Account to be given of the Trophy Money, collected as well before, as since, the Year 1696, under such Restriction, cannot occasion any Hardship or Inconvenience.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do go to the Lords, Conference and desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the desired with Subject-matter of the said Amendment. Lord*.

3 C Sir

i i° — 12° Martit.

iz° — 13* — 140 Martii. A. 1705;

Sir Gilbert Thlben reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire the Paid Conference} the Lords do agree thereunto, and appoint the same to be Tomorrow, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Amendment The House (according to Order) proceeded to take of the Law — into Confederation the Report of the Conference with the Report of Lords, Yesterday, upon the Amendments, made by this o reuce. jjoufe to tj,c intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

And the Report being read}

And the first Amendment, Pr. 2. L. 27, to which the Lords had disagreed, being read;

And the Question being put, That the House do infill upon the said Amendment }

It passed in the Negative.

The second Amendment, Pr. 3. L. 27, to which the Lords had disagreed, being read;

Resolved, That this House doth infill upon their said Amendment.

The third Amendment, Pr. 10. L. 8, to which the Lords had disagreed, being read;

And a Debate arising thereupon}

And the Time being come, for the House to go to attend her Majesty with the Address of both Houses;

Resolved, That this House will proceed in the further Consideration of the said Report Tomorrow Morning.

Minting the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning V®vy- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the moll effectual Methods for the manning of her Majesty's Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 Martii;

Anno 5* Annie Regime, 1705.

Praters.

Answer to TV jlR. Speaker reported, that both Houses did Yes-Addrefii. 4VJI terday attend her Majesty, and presented to her their Address; to which Ihe was pleated to give this gracious Answer:

advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Monies;

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in their Amendment to the said Bill, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported, that they had delivered the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords.

The Order of the Day being read, for proceeding in Am*w3n*Et the further Consideration of the Report of the Con-i the inference with the Lords upon the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice;

And the Question being put. That the House do now proceed in the further Consideration of the said Report;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take the said Report into further Consideration.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Manning ih« Committee of the whole House, to consider of the moll Navy, effectual Methods for the manning of her Majesty'sNavy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Inmsafe resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seamen, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be llain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

NOTHING can be more acceptable to me, than so seasonable an Instance of your Concern to preserve a good Understanding between me and the Princess and

of your Care to defeat the Artifices of designing and malicious Men.

I am fully sensible of the very ill Designs of the Paper, which you have so justly censured; and I will not fail to give the necessary Directions for complying, in the moll effectual Manner, with alt you desire in your Address.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Httcocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Vicary'i The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale of the Estate of John ,deceased, in,

in the County of Dev, for Payment of his Debts, charged thereupon, and for Maintenance of his Widow, and Children, without any Amendment:

Lord Col«- The Lords also have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act wne's Estate. for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord

Baron of Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and supplying the want of Enrollment of a Deed, concerning other Part of his Estate, without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Railing the The Time being come for the Conference with the Militia — Lords upon the Amendment, made by the Lord? to the Co"ffc.rfuc* Bill; intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly

*5

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Martii;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1705.

Pr ATERS.

AM E S S AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Hiccccks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Frauds by to prevent Frauds, usually committed by Bankrupts, ®ankroPt*-with Ibrne Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House;

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, GomeUras An Act to enable William Gomeldon, Esquire, to fell a Estate. Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance on the fame, and to apply the Residue of the Monies, arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William Gomeldon' % Debts, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, OoutiW* An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Morris Estate. Goulston, Esquire, for the railing his Sifters Portions, and Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pultney (according to Order) reported from the Manning the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Navy.

furred

5 Ann. *4° Martii. 195

ferred to consider of the most effectual Methods for manning of her Majesty's Navy, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his PJace, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to the speedy and more complete manning of her Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1766, the Justices of Peace, and other Civil Magistrates, throughout the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, and Places, within the Kingdom of En, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon be impowered, and

directed, forthwith to make, or cause to be made, ftri<ft and diligent Search for all such Seamen, or Seafaring Men, as lie hid, and are not in her Majesty's said Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Justices, and other the said Civil Magistrates, do take up, fend, conduct, and convey, or cause to be taken up, sent, conduced, and conveyed, all such Seamen, or Seafaring Men, to be delivered on board some of her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Sea Pay, or to such Persons, as shall be appointed to receive the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Penalty be inflicted upon every Person, who shall presume to harbour or conceal such Seamen, or Seafaring Men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Reward be given to every Person, who shall discover, and take up, such Seaman, or Seafaring Man, as aforesaid, the same to be distfibuted and paid to every such Discoverer, or Person so taking up such Seaman, or Seafaring Man, respectively, out of the Money given for the Service of the Navy. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Conduit-money be allowed, for conveying and fub-sifting such Seamen, or Seafaring Men, according to the present Usage of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the said Service, cveiy Seaman, who shall be turned over from one Ship to another, shall be paid his precedent Wages, which shall appear to be due to him, before such Ship, to which he shall be turned over, do go to Sea, either in Money, or by a Ticket, which shall entitle him to an immediate Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all such able-bodied Landsmen, who are liable to be raised for the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, be raised for the said Sea Service, in the like Manner, and delivered on board some of her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Sea Pay, or to such Persons, who shall be appointed to receive the same.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " on board some of her Majesty's Ships or " Vessels in Sea Pay, or."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the said Justices, and other the said Civil Magistrates, do take up, fend, conduct, and convey, or cause to be taken up, font, conducted, and conveyed, all such Seamen, or Seafaring Men, to be delivered to such Persons, as shall be appointed to receive the same.

The 3d, 4th, and 5th, Resolutions, being foverally read a Second time, were, upon the Question. foverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 6th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposod to be made therein, by leaving out "precedent;" and between the Word You 15.

" him," and the Word of before," to . insert " in the " Ship, from which he was turned over."

And the some was', upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That, for the Encouragement of the said Service, every Seaman, who shall be turned over from one Ship to another, shall be paid his Wages, which shall appear to be due to him in the Ship, from which he was turned over, before such Ship, to which he shall be turned over, do go to Sea, either in Money, or by a Ticket, which shall entitle him to an immediate Payment.

The 7th Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were foverally proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " all," and aftb these Words, "on board some of her Majesty's Ships or " Vessels in Sea Pay, or."

And the same were, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That such able-bodied Land-men, who are liable to btf raised for the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, be. raised for the said Sea Service, in the like Manner, and delivered to such Persons, who (ha'll be appointed to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and Ipeedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be (lain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause, or Claufos, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for discharging of such Seamen, and other insolvent Persons, as are in Prison for Debt, and delivering them into her Majesty's Service on Board the Fleet.

Ordered, That Doctor Trimnell be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, upon

the Twentieth Instant, being the solemn Fast-day, appointed by her Majesty's royal Proclamation; and that Mr. Nevt/l, the Lord Conrrtgsby, Sir Richard Onslow, and Sir Cloudejley Shovetl, do acquaint him therewith.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and (peedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be (lain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pultney reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into further Confederation the Report of the Conference with the Lords touching the Amendments, made to the Bill, intituled. Act Act for tlfe Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Manning th# Wavy.

Dr. Trimnell to preach on 20th Mar.

Increase of Seamen.

Amendment of the Law.

ty6 t$° — id0 — 18° ./£ 1705.

Veneris, 15* die Martii;

Anno 5* Annas Regina?, 1705.

Prayers.

Increase of r| ' H E House (according to Order) resolved itself Stamen. X into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as shall be (lain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pultney reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, and received several Clauses, puvfuant to the Directions of the House, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 16° die Martii;

Anno 5* Anna? Regina?, 1705.

Prayers.

Increase of A/T R. Pultney (according to Order) reported from Seamen. JLVJL the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the W idows and Orphans of all such, as shall be flain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade; was committed; the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed unto, and the rest (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For Relief of insolvent Debtors.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and amended by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

The Bill was amended at the Table, by striking out

the Clauses, to which the Amendments, made by the Committee, were disagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Amendm-ot next, take into further Consideration the Report of the ills Conference with the Lords upon the Amendments, made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

LuncZy 18° die Martii;

Anno 50 Anna? Regina?, 1705.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir

Prancklyn and Sir Richard H: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hicks' to enable Trustees to fell several Lands in and near tlUl*

mouth, late the Estate of Elizabeth , for the Payment of a Debt, and Interest, charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the feme Uses, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fairfax'* Act for Sale of the Manor of East , and other Fitate.

Lands and Hereditaments, in Szvinejhead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of ChriflFairfax, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement and Increase increase of of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Seamen. Majesty's Fleet, and for making Provision for the Widows and Orphans of all such, as Dull be flain, or drowned, in her Majesty's Service; and for the Support of Trade; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up, and the Ciauic amended by the House.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

The several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. L. 8. After " Wales" insert and Town of " Berwick upon Tweed"

Pr. 5. L. 18. Leave out lifted," fey " entered.'

Pr. 6. L, 14. Leave out Officers," lay " Conductors."

Pr. 8. L. 12. After " Wherrymen" insert " belonging to the said River."

Pr. ii. L. 19. After the Word " administer" leave out " as also to," and insert " the same Justices may " also."

Pr. 12. L. 32. Leave out from the Word " Fleet" to the Word "and," in the 35th Line.

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet.

Ordered, That Mr. Pultney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Anietu'nictit take into further Consideration the Report of the Con- of thelaw — ference with the Lords upon the Amendments, made by 01

this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amend- Col,":re, ce> ment of the Law, and the better Advancemen t of j ustice;

And

jk vi

'Ann.

i&Martiu

i 91

78.

54*

And the Question being put, That the House do proceed in the further Consideration of the said Report; Tire House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tpllrrq for the Yp»s )

1 ellers for the X e«s,^ j

Tellers for the Noes f^r. At 1

I ellers for the INoes,£ Mr j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House proceeded accordingly.

And as to the last Amendment, made by this House, to which the Lords disagreed, viz. Pr. 10. L. 8, to leave out from " Heir" to " and/' in L. last, being these Words following;

" And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Subpoena, or any other Process, for Appearance, do issue out of any Court of Equity, till " after the Bill is filed with the proper Officer in the " respective Courts of Equity, and a Certificate thereof " brought to the Subpoena Office, or to him, who usually

" makes out Subpoena's, or other Process, in the several " Courts of Equity, under the Hand of the Six Clerks, or other Clerk or Officer, who usually files Bills in Equity, for which Certificate he shall receive no Fee; and that the Service of any Subpoena, or other * Process, to appear in a Court of Equity, shall be " void, and of none Eftedf, unless at the same Time the " Defendant or Defendants, at the Plaintiff's Charge:, " be respectively served with a true Copy or Copies of " the Plaintiff's Bill, signed by the proper Officer, " who does usually fij>n Office Copies of Bills in the " respective Courts of Equity; and that the Defendant " or Defendants shall not be obliged to take, or pay for,

" any other Copy of the Plaintiff's Bill, but may answer, " and make his Defence, by the Copy of the Bill " served upon him; and that no Copy, Abstract, or Tenor, of any Bill in Equity do go with the De~ " dimus, or Commission for taking the Defendant's " Answer; and if the Plaintiff in such Cause or Suit in Equity do proceed upon such Bill, and have a Decree made for him, or is relieved, that then the Plaintiff " shall be allowed in Costs against the Defendant or Defendants, for the Copy or Copies of the Bill, with which the Defendant or Defendants were served: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Suits, commenced in the Court * of Exchequer by English Bill, for Recovery of Ty thes And an Amendment being proposed to be made therein, by leaving out these Words, " and that no Copy, " Abstract, or Tenor, of any Bill in Equity do go with " the Dedimus, or Commission for taking the Defendant's Answer

And the Question being put. That those Words do stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for ft. Yea,.^' J"' 38.

Teller, for the Noe,^; ' \ 3o.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Clause, viz. Pr. 10. L. 12. after " Equity" to insert uexcept in Cafes of Bills for Injunctions to stay Wastes, " or to stay Suits at Law commenced."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 10. L. 18, to leave out from " Fee" to " and that," in L. 29, being these Words following; viz. " and that' the Service of any Subpoena, or other " Process, to appear in a Court of Equity, shall be " void, and of none Effect, unless at the same Time * the Defendant or Defendants, at the Plaihtiff's Charge, 11 be respectively served with a true Copy or Copies of " the Plaintiff's Bill, signed by the proper Officer, who " does usually sign Office Copies of Bills in the re-Vo t. 15.

" spediive Courts of Equity; and that the Defendant or " Defendants shall not be obliged to take, or pay for,

any other Copy of the Plaintiff's Bill, but may answer, and make his Defence, by the Copy of the Bill " served upon him;" and instead thereof to insert these Words following; viz." And, for the better preventing " vexatious Suits in Courts of Equity, be it further " enacted, that, upon the Plaintiff's dismissing his own " Bill, or the Defendant's dismissing the fame, for want " of Prosecution, the Plaintiff in such Suits shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants his or their full Costs, to " be taxed by a Matter."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to th<;

Bill, Pr. 10. L. J1, by leaving out from "Answer" to " And be it," in L. the last, being the tVords following; viz. " and if the Plaintiff in such Cause or " Suit in Equity do proceed upon such Bill, and have

a Decree made for him; or is relieved, that then the " Plaintiff shall be allowed in Costs against the Defendant or Defendants, for the Copy or Copies of the " Bill, with which the Defendant, or Defendants were " served: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this " Act contained shall exted to Suits commenced in the " Court of Exchequer by English Bill, for Recovery of " Tythes;" and to insert, instead thereof, " but, in lieu and Recompence thereof, the sworn Clerks of the " Court of Chancery shall take to their own Ule, in all " Causes, the whole Term Fee of Three Shillings and " Four-pence, and also the whole Fee and Fees of and for " all small Writs, made by the said sworn Clerks."

And the Question being put. That the said Words do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the other Words-be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tell^forfteY^f

Tellers for the Noes j 28.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Conference bydefired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by defirfd With this House to the said Bill. r s‘

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, for insisting upon the said Amendment, Pr. 3.

L. 27; which is to leave out the Clause, that impowers Courts of Law, after Issue joined, to examine such Witnesses, as cannot be present at the Trial.

And it is referred to the Managers, who managed the last Conference, to draw up the said Reasons.

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Sir

Thomas Meres, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe, be added to the said Managers;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Sir John and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not mfift upon their Amendment, made Railing tf* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1706, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly on" n°

advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account t<? L>2 made Amendment, of Trophy Moneys.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Nine a Clock.

3

Amendment of the Law, — Reasons to be offered at Conference.

198 ip° Martiu' ^.1705.

Martis, 19° die Martii;

Anno 5* Ann* Regin*, 1705.

Prayers.

MR. Pultney reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference upon the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice; that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to* report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were r«ad, and are as follow; viz.

The Commons do not infill upon their Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and better Advancement of Justice, Pr. 2. L. 27, to leave out the Clause, requiring Attorneys to file their Warrants.

But the Commons do insist upon their Amendment, Pr. 3. L. 27, to leave out the Clause, impowering the Courts of Law, after Ilfue joined, to examine such Witnesses, as cannot be present at the Trial, for the Reasons following; viz.

1 ft, For that, when a Witness is examined in open Court, upon any Trial at common Law, Questions may be asked him, upon a Cross-examination, by the Court, the Jury (who should not be deprived of any lawful Means, whereby they may bell be informed of the Fast, whereof they are the foie Judges) or by the Counsel at the Bar, to lift out the Truth of this Evidence, nay, very often, the disordered Look of an Evidence, a faultering in his Speech, or such like Circumstance, may be a Guide to the Jury, as to the Credibility of the Evidence; of which many Instances might be given, were it not a Matter already so well known.

2dly, A Witness, when (worn and examined, in the Face of the Court and Country, will be under a greater Awe of Truth, and more cautious of not forswearing himself, for fear of being detested, and immediately committed by the Court for Perjury } in which same the Court does at the same Time usually direct a Prosecution; whereas Depositions (taken in the Mannerproposed by the Clause) may be made by a profligate Person, who (intending soon after to go beyond the Seas, and to continue out of the Kingdom, or pretend Sickness, or Disability to attend, till after such Depositions shall have been made use of upon the Trial) may more easily be wrought upon to perjure himself, when he thinks he is without the reach of Punishment.

3dly, The Commons do admit to your Lordships, that Depositions are allowed as Evidence in Trials at common Law, where such Witnesses are out of the Kingdom, or under a Disability to attend, though the Witnesses be then living; yet they cannot but be of opinion, that the Use of such Evidence, upon Trials at common Law, ought, for the Reasons abovementioned, to be as little encouraged as may be; to the contrary whereof (as the Commons do conceive) the Method, laid down by your Lord ships in this Clause, will, in Time, turn all viva voce Evidence into Paper Proof, upon all Trials at common Law.

4thly, It may happen very often, that the Manner of wording such Depositions (either through the Ignorance, Mistake, or Cunning, of the Clerk) may give a Turn to the Fast, very different from what the Witnesses meant, or from what might have appeared upon his Examination viva voce in open Court.

5thly, Upon Depositions, taken in Courts of Equity, if the Witnesses differ as to Matters of Fast, or the Credit of the Witnesses is suspected, the Courts of Equity are so far from relying on such Depositions, that they direct Ifluesto be tried at Law, in order that the Witnesses may be there examined in open Court, where the Credit of the Witnesses will be con side red i but (as it

«7

seems to be intended) by this Clause Depositions, taken at Law in all Courts, ttiuft be allowed as Evidences.

And lastly, The Commons are so sensible, that the Examination of Witnesses viva , upon Trials at common Law, is (by the Experience of many Ages) found so be grounded upon so goocf Reason, and of such Security to the Property of the Subject, that they cannot content to so great, and (as they conceive) dangerous, an Alteration in so fundamental a Part of the Law, as will be made by this Clause: Nay, though the Commons should admit, that, in the particular Cafes instanced by your Lordships, there may be an Inconvenience, as the Law in this Point now (lands, yet, they apprehend, such an Alteration would produce a much greater Inconvenience; and which of the two is most to be avoided, 'tis no hard Matter to determine.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pultney do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow, viz.

Pr. 3. L. 19, and 20. Instead of " shall think fit" insert " are by Law authorized to examine touching or " concerning such Bankrupts Estate."

Pr. 5. L. 38. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to tc And," in the 41 ft Line of the 6 Press.

Pr. 11. L. 9. Leave out or shall be."

L. 10. Instead of " five-and-twenty" read " tenth j" and for " fix" read " five."

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A, B.

Clause A. " Provided also, and be it further enacted " by the Authority aforesaid, that no Discovery upon " Oath, to be made by any Bankrupt of his or her " Estate and Effects, pursuant to this Act, shall intitlo " such Bankrupt to the Benefits allowed by this Act* " unless the Commissioners of Bankrupts, or the greater " Part of them, that shall be named in the Commit' " (ion, issued, or to be issued against him or her, shall* " in writing under their Hands and Seals, certify to " the Lord Chancellor of , Lord Keeper, or

" Commissioners for the Custody of the great Seal of " England, for the Time being, that such Bankrupt " hath made Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and " in all things conformed himself according to the u Directions of this Act, and that there doth not appear to them any Reason to doubt of the Truth of such Discovery, or that the same is not a full Discovery of all such Bankrupt's Estate and Effects; and " unless such Certificate shall be allowed and confirmed " by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the great Seal of land, for the Time being, or by such two of the " Judges of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common " Picas, and Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, to " whom the Consideration of such Certificate shall be " referred by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or " Commissioners for the Custody of the great Seal of " England, for the Time being: And the Creditors of " such Bankrupts are to be allowed to be heard, if they " shall think fit, before the respective Persons aforesaid, " against the making such Certificate, and against the " Confirmation thereof."

* Clause B. " And whereas Commissions of Bankrupts " have been often executed with great Expence in eating and drinking at the Meetings of the Commissioners, or some of them, therein named, to the great " Prejudice of the Bankrupts, and their Creditors; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that " there shall not be paid or allowed by the Creditors,

f‘ or

Conferene* desire d with Lords.

Fraud* by Bankrupts.

Lords

Amend-

ment*.

V

Lords agree t» Con-fuence.

Sepply Bill; Wine Duties.

Debentures

so Irish forfeitures*

Amendment of the Law. — Conference with Lords.

Increase of Seamen*

Amendment of the Law. —

Lords agree to Amendments.

5 Ann. j Martii. — a i0 Mail. — 170 Sept.-ix* 08. 199

or out of the Estate of the Bankrupts, any Moneys *' whatsoever, for Expences in eating or drinking of " the Commissioners, or of any other Persons, at the "'Times of the meeting of the said Commissioners, or " of any of the Creditors, or others, in order to execute, " and prepare Matters for the Execution of, such Commissions: And if any Person or Persons, named, or " to be named, as a Commissioner or Commissioners in " any such Commission, shall order any such Expence " to be made, or eat or drink at any such Meeting, at " the Charge of the Creditors, or out of the Estate of " such Bankrupt, every such Commissioner, so offend- ing, shall bedifabled for ever after to act as a Commissioner in such or any other Commission, founded " on the Statutes made against Bankrupts."

Ordered, That Mr. Neville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Pultney reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same to be at Two a Clock this Afternoon, in the Painted Chamber.

made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law. and the better Advancement of Justice, and delivered at the lad Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Deputy Royal Afle Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker went up to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers j where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills r

And afterwards to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses.

After which, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, by Parliament her Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament until prorogued. tfue/day, the One-and-twentieth Day of May next.

Mart is, 21

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Richard Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying further Duties on low Wines; and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty's Revenue, by Importation of foreign-cut Whalebone; and for making ibme Provisions as to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials, and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets; and for enabling her Majesty to dispose the Effects of William ,a notorious Pyrate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and for appropriating the publick Moneys, granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment:

And allb, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time for registering unfa-tisfied Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in land, and for renewing of other Debentures, which have been loll, burnt, or dellroyed, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tire time being come for the Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice;

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Pultney reported, that they had given to the Lords the Reasons for infilling upon one of the Amendments, made by this House to the said Bill; and acquainted them, that this House doth not infill upon one of their Amendments, and had made several Amendments to another of them, to which they had before disagreed; and had left the Bill, and the Amendments, with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty's Fleet, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Richard Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, infilled on by this House, and also to the other Amendments, Vol. 10.

THE House being met,

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. parliament Aston, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod: further

Mr. Speaker, prorogued.

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers j where the Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until 'Tuesday, the 17 th,

Day of September next:

And the same was accordingly prorogued until <Tuesday % the 17 th Day of September next.

Martis, 170 dieSept;

Anno 5* Anns Regina?, 1706.

THE House being met j but Mr. Speaker was in parliament the Country: farther

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Deputy prorogued.

Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant (the Clerk being in the Country) went up to the House of Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the Two-and-twentieth Day of O&obernext.

And the same was prorogued accordingly until TueJ-day, the Two-and-twentieth Day of next.

Martis, 22* die O;

Anno 5® Anna Regina, 1706.

THE House being met j and Mr. Speaker still in parliamei$ the Country; farther

A Message was. brought from the Lords, by Mr Aston, prorogued. Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod-:

.Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parlia* tnent.

Message to attend the Queen,

Members lake Oaths,

Regulating

fcightly

Watch.

The Queen's

Speech

reported.

200 22° OBobris. — a 1° Novembris

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read* for the proroguing the Parliament until the

lift Day of November next:

And the same was accordingly prorogued until Thursday, the aift Day of November next.

Jovis,2i* die Novembris;

Anno 5* Ann* Regin®, 1706.

H E House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Afien, Deputy Gentfem&n-usher of the Black Rod:

i — 3 ° Decembris. 170

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to heai the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the 3d of December next:

And the feme was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 3d Day of December next.

[<r] By the QUEEN:

A PROCLAMATION.

ANNE, R.

WHEREAS our Parliament (lands prorogued to the Two-and-twentieth Day of this instant October, we, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publishand declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Two-and-twentieth Day of October, to Thursday, the Twenty-first Day of November next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Keeper of our great Seal of England, to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly. And we do hereby further declare our Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall, on the said Twenty-first Day of November be held, and (it, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at ,on the

laid Twenty-first Day of November next ensuing.

Given at our Court at K, the Twenty-first: Day of October 1706, in the Fifth Year of our Reign.

God save the Queen.

Mart is, 3® die Decembris;

Anno 5* Ann® llegin®, 1706.

AM E S S A G E from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Several Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; but the Noise being great, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof, to prevent any Mistakes therein: Which he read, and is as followed); viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I HOPE we are all met together at this Time with Hearts truly thankful to Almighty God for the glorious Successes, with which he has blessed our Arms, and those

[a] At tke beginning of this Journal Is inferud the fallowing -printed Proclamation.

of our Allies, through the whole course of this Year j and with serious and steady Resolutions to prosecute the Advantages we have gained, till we reap the desired Fruit of them, in an honourable and durable Peace.

The Good uefs of God has brought this happy Prolpect so much nearer to us, that, if we be not wanting to our-ftlves, we may, upon good Grounds, hope to fee such a Balance of Power established in , that it shall

no longer be at the Pleasure of one Prince to disturb the Repose, and endanger the Liberties, of this Part of the World.

A just Consideration of the present Posture of Affairs, of the Circumstances of our Enemies, and the good Dif-position of our Allies, must needs excite an uncommon -Zeal, and animate us to exert our utmost Endeavours, at this critical Conjuncture.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

As I am fully persuaded, you are all of this Mind, so I must earnestly desire you to grant me Supplies, sufficient for carrying on the War next Year in so effectual a Manner, that we may be able to improve every where the Advantages of this successful Campaign; and, I allure you, I shall make it my Business to lee all you give, applied to those Ends, with the greatest Care and Management.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In pursuance of the Powers, veiled in me by Act of Parliament, both in England and Scotland, I have appointed Commissioners to treat of an Union between the two Kingdoms; and though this be a Work of such a Nature, as could not but be attended with great Difficulties, yet such has been the Application of the Commissioners, that they have concluded a Treaty, which is at this Time before the Parliament of; and I

hope, the mutual Advantages of an intire Union of the two Kingdoms will be found so apparent, that it will not be long, before I shall have an Opportunity of acquainting you with the Success, which it has met with there.

Your meeting at this Time being later than usual, I cannot conclude, without earnestly recommending to you to give as much Dispatch to the publick Affairs, as the Nature of them will admit* it being of the greatest Consequence, that both our Friends, and our Enemies,

should be fully convinced of your Firmness, and the Vigour of your Proceedings.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Addref drefe be presented to her Majesty, to return the humble the Q;i Thanks of this House for her Majesty's most gracious Speech' Speech from the Throne* to congratulate her Majesty upon the glorious Victory, obtained by her Arms, and those of her Allies, under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough, at Ramillies, and the repeated Suc-ceffes, with which it hath pleased God to bless the Arms of her Majesty, and her Allies, beyond the Example of former Ages* and, as her Majesty's Allies have shew'd their good Disposition to advance the common

Cause,

5 Ann.

tot

Cause, to allure her Majesty, that this' House will exert itl'elf to the utmost, in giving such speedy and effectual Supplies to her Majesty, as may enable her to prosecute the War with Vigour, and to improve the great Advantages of this succestful Campaign, so as to obtain an honourable Peace, that m'ay be a lading Security to the Dominions of her Majesty, and those of her Allies.

Resolveed, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution;

And it is referred to the Lord Marquis of Brigadier Cadogan, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. King, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cejar, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Mr. Compton,

Mr. Molesworth, Sir Jof. Sir IVm. Seamen, Mr. Harley, Earl of Hertford, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. St. John, Mr. Walpole, Sir Littleton, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Brydges, Sir Humphry , Sir

Cha. 'Turner, Mr. Roberts, Sir Tho. Mr. Mr.

Amejlcy, Mr. Bacon, Lord Powlett, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Serjeant Parker, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Waljh, Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm.Drake, to draw up the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Queen's Resolved, Nemine contradicenic, That this House will,

Speech to be Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration her com. ut Majesty s most gracious Speech to both Houses.

Grand . Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Committees, fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections of Privilegis. be appointed, of Mr. Compton, Lord Marquis Harting-ton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. , Mr. Lowndes, Sir

John Wo'flenholme, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pedley, Lord Powlet!, Mr. Ash, Mr. Poultney, Earl of Hertford, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Lee, Mr. Peyton, Sir John Mordant, Colonel Kendall, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Eyres, Mr. St. John, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Duckett, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Bacon, Lord CavendijhMr. Mr.

worth, Mr. Wcrtlev , Mr. Hysham Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Whit mere, Mr. Newport, Mr. Paget Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Sir Walter Yonge, Sir

John Whitwrong, Sir Scawen, Mr. Cox, Mr,

Solicitor General, Mr. Cholmeley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Barker, Sir Wm. Forester, Mr. Blijje, Mr. Cefar,

Mr. Aijlcby, Sir John Bland, Mr. Onfow, Mr. Dryden, Sir Geo. Parker, Lord Mordant, Sir Tho. Parker, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Guy, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Moor, Mr. Wroth, Mr. Brydges, Sir James Mount ague, Mr. Mcnffon, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hump. Mack-worth, Mr. Robarts, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Fra.

Mr. Cvatsworth, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sharp: And they are to meet Tomorrow Seven-night, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, imthe Speaker's Chamber; and fit every , Monday, and Wednes-

day, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges, and to proceed upon double Returns in the fird place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will quedion Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And ail Members, who are returned for two or more Places, VOL. lo.

are to make their Elections by this Day three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the rleturn.

Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Mcmb r, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined'.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Cfual to give his Vote in the Election for any Member to serve Order*, in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be'frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member, of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath beeri tamperingwith any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath given false Evidence in any Calc before the House, of any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenanl'of any County, to concern themselves in the Eiedlions of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of this Duke of House be given to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, forhiseminent Services to her Majesty, and this Kingdom, an e in the great and glorious Victory and Succcfies, obtained over the common Enemy in the lall Campaign.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to attend the Duke of Marlborough with the said Thanks;

And it is referred to Mr. Compton, Lord Marquis Hartington, Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Chancellor of the Excheque 1 Sir Richard Onslow, Brigadier Cadogan,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. St. John, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir William Drake, Mr.

Brewer, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Ash, to give his Grace the said Thanks.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed. Printing th* being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no other Person presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the room of Francis Norris,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir Gervas Etwes, Baronet, deceased.

3 E,

Yules.

Oxford

Writ.

Sudbury

Writ.

Brefton

Writ.

Seaford W rit.

Devizes

Writ.

Nottingham

Writ

Clithero

Writ.

York

Writ.

Bodmyn

Writ.

Apprehending House-hreakers.

Address on the Queen's Speech.

ao i 30 — 40 Decembris.

A. 1706.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in Am, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Edward Rigby, Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Port and Town of Seaford, in the room of Sir William Thomas, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Methivin, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of in the

room of William Pierrepoint, Esquire, deceased

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of in the

room of Thomas Stringer, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, in the room of Sir John Kay, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleClinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament fir the Borough oiBcdmyn, in the County of Cornicall, in the room of John Hoblyn, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 40 die Decembris;

Anno 5° Annas Regina?, 1706.

Prayers.

S\R DERED, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Discovery and apprehending of House-breakers 5 and that Mr. Sir

Mackworth, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up an humble Address (upon the Refutation Yesterday) to be presented to her Majesty; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

And, with all Thankfulness to Almighty God, we congratulate your Majesty upon the signal Victory, obtained by your Arms, and those of your Allies, under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough, at Ramillies; a Victory, so glorious and great in its Consequences, and

attended with such continued Successes, through the whole Course of this Year, that no Age can equal.

And as your Majesty's Allies have the wed their Firm-ness, and good Disposition, to carry on the War with Vigour, so the Commons of England are determined, that no speciousPretences of Peace shall divert' them from their steady Resolutions of enabling your Majesty to improve, in all Places, the Advantages of this successful Campaign.

The Experience, your Commons have had, of the prudent Administration, and the great Care and Management, in the Application of the publick Aids, encourage us to allure your Majesty, that we will chearfully give such speedy and effectual Supplies, as, by the Continuance of God's Blessing upon your Majesty's Arms, may establish the Balance of Power in Europe, by a iafe, honourable, and lading Peace.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Lid Address, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words:

" We beg Leave likewise to return your Majesty our " hearty Thanks, for your promoting the Union betwixt " England and Scotland; whereby your Majesty (hews " your great Concern and Tenderness, not only for the " present, but the future, Happiness of both Kingdoms."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolveed, That this House do agree with the Committee, in the said Adcirels, so amended:

And the same is as followeth;

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

And, with all Thankfulness to Almighty God, we congratulate your Majesty upon the signal Victory, obtained by your Arms, and those of your Allies, under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough, at Ramillies; a Victory, so glorious and great in its Consequences, and attended with such continued Successes, through the whole Course of this Year, that no Age can equal.

And as your Majesty's Allies have shewed their Firm-nef's and good Disposition, to carry on the War with Vigour, so the Commons of England are determined, that nofpeciousPretences of Peace shall divert them from their steady Resolutions of enabling your Majesty to improve, in all Places, the Advantages of this successful Campaign.

The Experience, your Commons have had, of the prudent Administration, and the great Care and Management in the Application of the publick Aids, encourage us to assure your Majesty, that we will chearfully give such speedy and effectual Supplies, as by the Continuance of God's Blessing upon your Majesty's Arms, may establish the Balance of Power in Europe, by a l'afe, honourable, and lading Peace.

We beg Leave likewise to return your Majesty our hearty Thanks, for your promoting the Union betwixt England and Scotland; whereby your Majesty shews your great Concern and Tendernels, not only for the present, bqt the future, Happiness of both Kingdoms.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Mr. Compton reported, that his Grace the Duke of Duke Marlborough had been, thisMorning (according to Order) Marlborou attended with the Thanks of this House; upon which, voteofl° his Grace gave this Answer; viz. Thank*.

IF any thing could add to my Satisfaction, in the Services I have endeavoured to do to the Queen, and my Country, it would be the particular Notice, which

the

Ann.

o

,0

Decembris.

203

b: referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elect ions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

the House of Commons is pleased to take of them, so much to my Advtanage.

Supply. The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

And the same being again read by Mr. Speaker;

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

P)a!t, A Petition of George Hafrwood and Richard Houblon,

Election. Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were duly elected, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath; yet Wil-

liam Blathivait, Esquire, and Alexander Popham, Esquire, tioner, Charles Goring, and William Wallis, Esquires, flood

Jovis, 50 die

Anno 50 Anna? Regina?, 1706.

Prayers.

AP ET1T 1 O N of Sir Edward Hunger ford, Knight of the honourable Order of the was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Elec* tion of Burgefl'es, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of SuJJ'ex, the Peti-

Steyhing

Election.

Coventry

Election.

by several indirect Practices procured themselves to be returned, as duly elected: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Electiorcs; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Freemen of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Baronet, Edward Hopkins, Esquire, Sir Christopher Hales, and Thomas Gery, Esquire,'flood Candidates: That before, and at, the Election, many illegal Practices were used by the said Sir Christopher and Mr. Gery, and their Agents; and that by great Riots and Tumults, and Partiality of the Sheriffs of the said City, many Voters were deterred from giving their Votes according to their Intentions; whereby of her Majesty's high Court of Chancery, was presented the Petitioners conceive themselves deprived of their to the House.

Rye

riectiou.

Candidates: That Mr. Wallis, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, hath procured himself to be returned one of the Burgesses, to the Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned in his ftcad: And praying, that the House will give such Relief in the Premises, as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Queen ap-House, that her Majesty having (according to Order) points to b» been waited upon, to know, when Ihe would please to be at en e attended by this House; her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two a Clock, at St. s.

A Petition of Bazill Herne, John John High-

lord, Nathaniel Barnardiftott, William Lamb, and Thomas Milner, Esquires, the present Attorneys and Six Clerks

Fc«s of Six Clerks in Chancery.

legal Representatives: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I

Horsham

Llecuon.

A Petition of Charles Fagg, and Philip Gybbon, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were duly elected Barons, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in Sussex-,but Mr. Nicholas Mannottch, the Mayor, admitted Persons to vote, at the ElectioD, for Edward Soutlrwell, and Philip Herbert, Esquires, who had no Right, and denied several, who had a Right to poll for the Petitioners; and though they the said Mayor returned Mr. South in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Wicker, Esquire, was presented *o the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Stijfex, Charles Eversfield, Esquire, Henry Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates j and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes from Mr. Cowper, and ought to have been returned with Mr. j but

by indirect Practices of Mr. Cowper, and his Agents, he procured himself to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Vot. 15,

5°-

29.

\ Mr. Kent:

rr, 1, r x. Mr.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Petition was accordingly brought up, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are the only Attorneys of the Court of Chancery; and that they, and their Predecessors, have, time out of Mind, had of their Clients a Termly Fee, of 3 4 in every Cause de-

pending in the said Court: That the Petitioners have had a Majority, yet under them 15 sworn Clerks in each of their Offices, to ell, and Mr Herbert, dispatch their Clients Business, for which the Petitioners

not only allow them is. 4 out of the said Fee of 3 s.4 d.but also 4</. a Sheet out of every Office Copy of Bill, Answer, or other Proceedings, besides the whole Sixpence a Sheet for the ingrossed Bill, when the Defendant answers by Commission; and divers other great Allowances out of the Petitioners Fees, arising by Process, made out in the Petitioners Names, to which the sworn Clerks have no Right, but by Allowance from the Petitioners: That in an Act, of the last Session of Parliament (for Amendment of the Law, and better Advancement of Justice) there is a Clause, that no Copy, Abstract, or Tenor, of any Bill in Equity, do go with the Dedimus, for taking the Defendants Answer; but, in lieu thereof, the sworn Clerks shall take to their own Use, in all Causes, the whole Term Fee of 3 4 and

also the whole Fees of all (mail Writs, made by the said sworn Clerks: That, under Colour of the said Clause, the Petitioners Under-clerks claim, and retain to themselves, the whole Term Fees of 35. 4 and also all Fees for all Writs made out in the Petitioners Names*

so

Supply.

Answer to Address,

Supply.

304 50 — 6° Dece170

so that, since the said Act, they have been forced to file Bills and Answers, and write to the great Seal, without any Fee whatsoever for the same; whereby the Underclerks are great Gainers, although the said Act intended only a Recompence for the Tenor of the Bill, taken away: And praying, that the Petitioners (not being heard against the said Clause) and have such Relief in the Premites, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Brewer, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Ward, Sir John Spencer, Mr. JeJfop, Mr. Strode, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Moor, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Majon, Lord Fillers, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Pey Lord Coningsby, Mr. Toke, Lord Powlet, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Hum. Mack-worth, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. MonEion, Sir Richard Vivian, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Hawles, Mr. Annejley, Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Mr.

Mountague, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Fulham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the ancient Fees belonging to the Courts of Justice, both in Law and Equity.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Decembris;

Anno 5® Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, that the House did Yesterday attend her Majesty with their humble Address; and that her Majesty was pleased thereupon to give this gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I THANK you heartily for this Address, and the Assurances of giving me effectual Supplies, to carry on the War, and to obtain a safe and honourable Peace.

I am glad to find you are lb well satisfied with the Application of the publick Money.

As to the Matter of the Union with Scotland, so in all other things, I shall Hill be delirous to promote the present and future Happiness of my People.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Xw and Navy, for the Year 1707, be laid before this House. Annv Liu-

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for the Year 1707, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1707, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads thereof, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Subsidies to her Majesty's Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be laid before this IJoule.

Ordered, That an Account of the present Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Exnences of the Office of Ordnance, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number of Men, employed in the Sea Service in each Month, from the foil of November, 1705, to the first of November, 1706, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number, and Rates, of Ships, employed in earl. Month, from the first of November, 170 5, to the first of November, 1706, be kid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Sums of Money have risen by Prizes, since the last Account, laid before this House, and how the same have been applied.

Ordered, That an Account of the State of the Debt, due for Transport Service, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Expences of the Office for Transport Service, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this Iloule, where the several Ships of her Majesty's Navy were victualed, and with the Produce of what Country.

Resolved, That an humble Address be preferred to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions to the respective Offices, that the said Estimates, and Accounts, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Corrupting prevent the corrupting of Jurors; Jurors.

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Littleton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Boyle, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Pocklington, Sir IV t ilium Drake, Sir Jof. Tredenbam, Lord Povalctt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Harley, Sir Richard Onfow, Mr. Peyton, and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe, to prepare the fame: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, Re_njat;u, was read a Second time. Nightly

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Match.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers far Ihe Yeas,*^- } 57-

Tellers for the Noes,{ } OB.

So it pasted in the Negative.

Resolved,

Answer to Addrei's.

5 Ann. 6° — 70 Decembris. 205

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peyton, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Call hr of Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. , Lord

Paivlett, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Sir

John Holland, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Walpole, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Birchctt, Sir Woolflenholme, Mr. Fielding, Mr. Compton, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Mr. Nevill, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Moor, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Freeman, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Gery, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Balfh: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

given Directions, that the several Estimates following should be laid before this House:

And he presented them to the House accordingly j viz.

An Estimate of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in England, Jersey, and Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1707:

An Estimate of Forty thousand Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1707: And also,

An Estimate of the Troops of Augmentation in the Low Countries, and the Charge thereof, for the Year

1707.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimates are as follow; viz.

Sabbatic 70 Decembris j

Anno 50 Annse Reginae, 1706.

Pray ers.

M

R. St. John acquainted the House, that her Majesty had (pursuant to the Address Yesterday)

I. ESTIMATE of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in England, Jersey, and Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1707*

Numl

181

181

- 181

- 177

- 4*7

407

407

2,283

1»,43

- «34

- 834

- 834

- 966

- 702

834

- 834

*34

449

- 58

93

I- s. d.

10,669 10 —

7 >501 16 8

17,510 1 8

5,000

Horse:

First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards -Third Troop of Guards Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

Dragoons:

Queen's Rgiment, Brigadier Carpenter Earl of EJJ'ex -

Foot:

First Regiment of Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Guards -Earl of Orrery's Regiment -Colonel Fownshend's -

g /"Lieutenant General Erie's -"E I brigadier Handaflde s, at Jamaica -$,) Colonel Livefay's

g Colonel Lillingslon's for the Leeivard Islands *2 I Brigadier Mordaunt'sin Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

£ (jLord Pq/lon's -

Four Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland

General Officers Contingencies -Garisons, &V. -Invalids

LM7

814

5,094

5,004 J

Charge per Annum.

12,059

600

12,659

Total - - £.

£' s. d. 85,607 14 2

29,479 16 8

*9*,345 3 4

306,432 14 a

9,885 17 6

316,318 11 8

40,681 8 4

357,000 ——

Vo 1. 15,

3 F

II. ESTIMATE

20 6

f° Decembris.

A. ijoS.

II. E STI MAT E of 40,000 Men, to ad in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Countries*

with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1707.

H.rfc.

' Lieutenant-general hum ley' % Regiment Major-general Wood's -

Brigadier Cadogan's -

Lieutenant-general Dyke of Schonberg's -

Numbers,

Dragoons. 5 Jp?*1 Regiments of Scotts Dragoons

0 I Major-general Ross

Royal Regiment of Foot -General Chur chid s Major General Webb's -Lord North and Grey's -Brigadier How's -Colonel Godfrey's -Lieutenant-general lngoldjby's Foot. \ Regiment of <SVo/j Fuziliers -Colonel Sabine's -Colonel Hatton's -Lord Dalrimple's -Sir Richard Temple's - -

Brigadier Meredith's - -

Colonel Elliott'sfgone to To he replaced

Colonel Evan's

598

400

40Q

400

400

54*

54*

1,876

938

938

938

938

9J8

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

867

General Officers Contingencies

Forage and Waggon-money

d.

- *3*785 —

- 10,000

- *6,259 1$ Total for the English

4. U.

*5 — )

S£ C Danes -

e j Prussians flHefians-£ {Hanoverand Cif#

6,000

2,53*

3,080

10,000

Jt.

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men - 20,000 — —

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the? ___ ____

Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties - - J 0,000 "r"

2,198

1,082

*4*937

18,217

21,612

39.829

Tot ai» - - £.

Increase for 1707, by the Addition ofj three Major-Generals, and one Bri- f gadier, in the Article of General f Officers - -

By the Addition of the Pay of the AidsY de Camp, and Majors of Brigade, to f all the General; Officers on thef Establishment -

s.

2,737 K>

i.

4,745 ——

Charge per Ancum.

C s. d.

112,153 6 8

38,677 16 8

258.5*4 5

4*9>34j 9 4

50,044 15 10

469,390 15 —

116,282 15 — 43,018 18 6

53,685 — — 171,329 10 —

853,706 8 6

40,000 — —

893,706 8 6

£ 7,48a 10 —

III. ESTIMATE

V

V

5 Ann

7® Decemhris

207

III. ESTIMATE of tht Troops of Augmentation in the Countries, and the Charge thereof,

for the Year 1707.

English Foot.

Lord Mordaunt's Regiment, gone to Spain: To be 7 replaced - - - -3

Brigadier Farrington's, gone to Spain: To be replaced Duke of Argyle's -

Brigadier Macartney's, gone to Spain: To be replaced

Holfiein Gottorp;

Two Regiments of Dragoons -

Two Regiments of Foot -

Sax Gotha.

Two Regiments of Dragoons "

Two Regiments of Foot -

Munfier.

Three Regiments of Foot -

Hetfe

One Regiment of Foot -

Osnabrug.

One Regiment of Foot -

Oofl

One Regiment of Foot - -

Liege.

One Regiment of Dragoons -Two Regiments of Foot -One Regiment of Foot more -

Numbers.

876

876

876

876

i,116

1,766

892

1,708

581

1,596

797

Palatine.

Four Regiments of Foot ——

Danes.

Surplus of the Danes, part of the 40,000 Men transferred to the Establishment of the Troops of Augmentation

One half for her Majesty

Which Sum of 1,714,-137 Gil. 10 St. at 10 Gil. 10 St. to the' Found Sterling, makes - -

jf. t. d.

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men - - 5,000 ——

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for-) ___ __

the Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties - -J

Palatines.

Additional Forces, conlifting of 3,000 Men, the Charge whereof amounts to 539,465 Gil. per Annum, and for her Majesty's Share, being -f-ds, viz. ——

TotfAL -

3>5°4

2,882

2,600

2,442

885

807

797

*>974

2,600

520

20,011

Charge per Annum.

10,005

Guilders. St. 667,037 10

578,98* S

488, 260 10

35*>754 5 122,621 15 110,626 18 113,405 10

497.5*3 5 322,3* 5

*74,75* *7

2,000

12,005

J>4*M75

*,7 *4,*37

£. s. d. 163,251 3 6

14,260 ——

*77,5* 3 6

34,*5 *.*3 4

211,762 16 10

Ordered, That the Consideration oft the said Estimates be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to confid'er of the Supply granted to> her Majesty.

Suppressing Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Gkfft houses, fUppressing of all new Glass-houses, Brewhouses, Whitehall Dying-houses, Melting-houses for Tallow, and Pot-houses, erected since the Beginning of this Parliament, within a Mile of any Part of the Palaces of Whitehall and St. James's and for preventing the setting up of such Houses within the like Distance, for the Time to come; and that Mr. Lowndes and Sir Henry Dutton Colt dopre-- pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Admiral Churchill acquainted the House, that he had (pursuant to . her Majesty's Commands) the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1707, to lay before the House.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly. Vot. 15.

Navy

Estimate.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted td her Majesty.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Monday Morning next.

A Petition

Supply.

so8

7 ° — 90 Decembris.

A, 1706.

Chester

County

Election,

Answer to Address.

A Petition of Sir George , Baronet, was

presented to the Hjufe, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of and ought to have been returned as such; but the Sheriff of the said County hath returned the honourable Langham Booth, Esquire, although he was uncapable of being elected, or returned, to Parliament, being under Age, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, that the Petitioner may be relieved, by amending the said Return, or otherwise.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Harley reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, for several Estimates, and Accounts, *to be laid before this House, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint the House, that file had given Directions for them to be laid before the House accordingly; several of which bad been presented to the House already, and the residue will be with all convenient Speed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunez, <./ die Decembris;

Anno 5* Annas Regina, 17c6.

Prayers.

MR. Bridges acquainted the House, that he had Directions from the Office of Ordnance to lay before the House,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1707, for Land Service:

Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1706: And also.

The Expence of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 17c 6.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly. The Titles of the said Estimate, and Accounts, were read:

And the Estimate, and Accounts, are, as follow; viz.

I. The ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance, for the Year 1707,

for Land Service.

The Charge of the Holland Train ——

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents and Repairs of Srorehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, as likewise the Expence of Stores in the several Garisons, and other incident Charges ——

For 200 Tons of Salt-petre, for supply of Stores ——

The yearly Charge at Jamaica ——

The yearly Charge at New York ——

The yearly Charge of Officers, Gunners, &c.at Gibraltar ——

The yearly Charge of Officers, &c. attending the Train in Spain, and the Charge of bringing home such Officers, as are reduced ——

The yearly Charge of the Officers, 1c.of the Train with the Earl of Rivers -

The Charge of replenishing the Stores, which are very much exhausted by the Expedition of the Earl of Rivers, and fending Stores to Gibraltar and Barcelona, amounting to £. 77,635. 13 r. id.

The Charge of repairing and adding to the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to the Estimate by the principal Officers and Engineers there ——

£ d.

45,000 — —

28,273 0

10,600 ——

511 ——

182 10 —

3,631 15 —

9,772 17 6

7,811 ——

35.000 -

18.000 ——

£. 169,757 1 3

JVm. Brydges, Ja. Lowther, C. Mujgrave, Ja. Craggs.

II. The DEBT of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th

of September 1706.

Due to Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th September, 1706 ——

Due for Salt-petre ——

Due to the Holland Train, to the 30th of September, 1706 ——

Due for Arrears to the Portugal Train - -

Due to the Catalonian Train, to 30th September ——

Due to Engineers, Storekeepers, Gunners, Artificers, at Neiv York, Jamaica, Barbadoes, and Newfoundland, to ditto Time -

Due to Fire-workers, Bombardiers, and Carpenters, attending the Bomb Vessels, to ditto iDue for Freight of Ships, as Tenders on the Bomb Vessels, to ditto Time -Due to Fire-workers, Bombardiers, Gunners, and Artificers, at Gibraltar, to ditto Time Due for Freight of Ships, to carry Stores to Gibraltar ——

Due for Freight of Ships, for carrying of Stores, and attending the Fleet at Lisbon Due for Freight to several Ships, that went with the additional Train to Barcelona Due for Freight of Ships, for attending the Expedition with the Earl of Rivers, to the 30th of September, 1706 -

Due for Salaries, and Rents of Storehouses, &c.to ditto Time - -

173,016 13 3*

32,390 10 —

700 ——

2.655 5 6 1,496 5 —

1,474 11 6

642 12 — 1,872 19 1

1,270 5 —

949 8 —

1,430 — 9

5.997 10 9

3.696 3 7i

4,111 10

£. 23L7°3 lS 1

fVm. Bridges, Ja. Lowther, Ja. Craggs, Q. Mujgrave.

III. T

Ordnanre

LftnnjLte.

5 Ann.

9k

to® Decetfibris.

309

From the 30th of June, 1705, to the 30th 1706 From the 30th of June, 1706, to the 30 September, 1706

>6; Land* Sea.

jr. s. d- £. s. d.

- 120,283 10 9 99,730 2 7!

10,642 7 — 1 21,134 2 6 J

£. 130,925 17 9 126,864 5 2t

Wm. Bridges, Ja.

C. Musgrave, Ja.

Ordered, That the said Estimate, and Accounts, do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Poor Relief. Ordered, T\mt Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance of the Poor; and that Sir and

Sir Henry Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Fees of Six A Petition of William Perris, Richard Snow, Thomas

Clerks in Bramston, Nathanael Webb, Wm. Cha.

hancery. John Hamond, Tho. Edwar, Wm. Bedford, John Willy,

John Ford, and JamiiclBrowning, Gentlemen, sworn Clerks of the high Court of Chancery, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the sworn Clerks of the said Court, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Bazill Hern, Esquire, and the rest of the Six Clerks of the said Court, have petitioned this House, praying to be relieved against a Clause in an Act, of the last Session of Parliament (for the Amendment of the Law, and better Advancement of Justice) and the Construction the Petitioners put thereupon, touching certain Fees therein mentioned: That the Petitioners have not put any Construction upon the said Act, but what the Words and Meaning thereof do plainly import, and conceive, they deserve the Recompence intended them thereby; and that the fix Clerks have a sufficient Reward for what they do in relation to their Office, which the Petitioners can plainly make appear: And praying, that they may be heard touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks is referred; and that Lord Marquis Harrington, Lord James CavenMr. Sir Tho. Travel!, Mr. Offley, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Hen. Lyddall, be added to the said Committee.

Supply. Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service, for the Year 1707, including 8,000 Marines.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding four Pounds a Manner fern, be allowed, for maintaining the said 40,000 Men for 13 Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed, for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Service of the Year 1707.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceedingThreehundred and Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the maintaining of Guards and Garilons, and for Payment of Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1707, including Five thousand Men, to serve on board the Fleet.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forty thousand Men, which were raised, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, be continued for the Year 1707.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Ninety-three thousand Seven hundred and Six Pounds, Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for

Vol. 15.

maintaining the said 46,000 Men for the Service of the Year 1707.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Forces, of 10,000 Men, be continued for the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eleven thousand Seven hundred Sixty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for the Service of the Year 1707.

The iftj 2d, 3d; 4th;5th, and 6th, Resolutions; being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 7th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after the Word " Men," thefeWords,* and her Majesty's Proportion of the Three thousand *l taken into her Majesty's Service the last Campaign."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the ad- ' ditional Forces, of Ten thousand Men, and her Majesty's Proportion of the Three thousand Palatines, taken into her Majesty's Service the last Campaign, be continued for the Year 1707.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out " Ten thousand Men," and inserting, instead thereof, " additional Forces."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Sum, not exceeding £.211,762. i6j. s be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said additional Forces for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to aadMean*. consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty. y

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Vigilanti* make the Ship Vigilantia, of St ad, in call Ship,

upon the Main on Heacham Beach in the County of Norfolk, and since bought as a Wreck, free; and that Sir Charles Turner and the Lord William do prepare

and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 10° dieDecembris \

Anno 5* Anna) Regina;, 1706.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, that the Commis- Transport (loners of Transports attended, they were called Service, in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account of the F.xpences for Transport Service, for one Year ending the 30th of September, 1706j and,

A State of the Debt for Transport Service, as it stood on the 30th of September, 1706; and also.

An Account of the growing Charge Month.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow j

3 G I'he

a 10 i o'* Decembris. A. 1706.

y

The ACCOUNT of the Expences for transporting her Majesty's Forces, for one Year, ending the

30th of September, 1706*

For Freight of Shipping in monthly Pay, for Service to Spain and Portugal, which arose and grew due within 3f. d.

the said Year ----- -- 149,389 1 8

AM© for Freight of Forces, transported to Holland, at a

Rate by the Head, within the said Year - . - 6,934 9 7

For Provisions and Stores, furnished within the said Year, for Service to Spain and Portugal; such as Oats,

Hay, Calk, Bedding, Cabbins, file, and also for Wheat, bought, and sent to Spain, for her Majesty's Army there - - - 24,114 16 11

Also for Provisions and Stores, furnished within the said Year, for Service to Holland; such as Bread, Beer,

Cheese, Oats, Hay, Cask, fAc. *,560 12 n

£ d.

156,323 11 3

25,675 9 io

For Interest on Bills, made out, and registered, for Payment in Course, in PSut of the abovesaid Service, within the said Year -

181,999 1 1

2,891 ix 6

-----... . — 184*890 12 7

For Freight of Soldiers, transported from England to the Leeward Islands per the Pacquet Boats 995 10 10 For sundry incident Expences, such as Cooperage, Lighterage, Pressing, Hay, Labourers Hire,

House Expences, Travelling Charges, repairing returned Bedding, idc. within the said Year - 944 10 8

For Salaries, Stationary Wares, and Rent of this Office ----- -- 2,800 — —

Total - - - 189,630 14 1

Sam.

Transport Office, Nick. Roope,

loth December, 1706, Tko. Colby.

The ACCOUNT of the State of the Debt for transporting her Majesty's Forces, accruing since the Beginning of the present War, as it Rood on the 30th of September, 1706.

Due on the Book of Bills registered, for Payment in Course $ viz.

£. s. d.

For Freight of Shipping ----- - 130,930 11 8

For Provisions and Stores, such as Cabbing Cradles,

Bedding, Stabling, Cask, Oats, Hay, fsSc. - - 12,762 4 7

143,692 16 3

And for Interest thereon to the 30th of September, 1706 - 4,140 6 9

Remaining due to 75 Ships, hired in England, Ireland,

Holland, and at Lisbon> for Service to Spain and Portugal,

by the Month, that were discharged before the 30th of

September, 1706, whoseAccounts were not then adjusted 49,660 16 4

Also remaining due to several Ships, which have carried Forces to Holland before the 30th of September, 1706, and whose Accounts were not then adjusted - - 1,008 5 —

Due to 135 Ships, hired in England, Ireland, and at for Service to

Spain and Portugal, by the Month, that were continued and running in the Service on the 30th September, 17c 6 Due for Freight ot Soldiers, transported from England to the Leeward Islands by the Pacquet Boats, Freight of Cloathing, Qc. -

For one Year's Charge of this Office -

£. t.

147.833 3 —

50,669 1 4

82,422 10 3

1,464 18 1

2,800 ——

Total - - £.285,189 12 8

Memorandum :On the 30th of September, 1706, there were in her Majesty's Transport Service, running in monthly Pay, 135 Ships, the growing Charge whereof is Seventeen thousand One hundred and Eleven Pounds, Two Shillings, per Month.

Memorandum: Since the 30th September, 1706, there has been paid, in part of this Debt,

Twenty-three thousand Five hundred Twenty-six Pounds, and Five Shillings.

Sam. Atkinson,

Transport Office, Nick. Roope,

December 10th, 1706. Tko. Colby.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,. OThat the Six Clerks, and sworn Clerks, of Fees of Six to be perused by the Members of the House. the Court of Chancery, be at Liberty to be heard by c,erks in

their Chance7y'

5 Ann.

i o°^" 11

Decembris.

art

their Counsel upon their respective Petitions, before the Committee, to whom the same are referred.

Way* The House (according to Order) resolved itself into and Means. a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several llesolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Poor Rallef. Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Decembris;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Petitions re- PllATERS.

lating to ID ESO LVE D, That this House will receive no Peti-

Moneytobe xv tions for any Sum of Money, relating to publick tdb^Crown. Service, but what is recommended from the Crown.

Way* Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to eonfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1707, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, and continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the 24th of June, 1707, be farther continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1707, until the 24th Day of June, 1708.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Roor Relief. , -A Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, ftt One a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Anch. Churchill, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Brett, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mitt on, Mr. Bainton, Mr.

Monson, Sir John Cotton; Mr. Fitch, Mr. Hyde, Lord Cheyne, Mr. Coat/' worth, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Sir Tho. iVebfter, Mr. Wicher, Sir Wm. Hodges, Mr.

Duckett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, & referred.

A Petition of Richard Daniell, John Bull, Robert ColrTieftet Pelfield, Stephen Hinfam, John Hoyt, and John on the behalf of themselves, and other free Burgesses of Colchester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Upon the Death of John Bullock, Esquire, a Precept was directed to John Baynbam, Mayor of the said Borough, to proceed to the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament in Mr. But lock' % room; and Sir Tho. Cooke, and Sir Tho. Webfier, flood Candidates:

That the said Mayor, after the said Vacancy, to the Day of Election, in a most unusual Manner, in Ale-houses, and private Places, made above i 00 Freemen; who had no Right thereto (most of whom polled for Sir Tho. Webster) and denied to make several Free, that had a Right to their Freedoms, and would have polled for SirS^e. Cook: That the Petitioners demanded a Scrutiny of the Poll, which the Mayor promised them; but, when they required the Books of Entry of the Freemen, by which only the Scrutiny could be made, he refused to produce them, and declared Sir Tho.

Webster duly elected; and hath returned him, although demand was made of a Return for Sir Tho. Cook, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; by which, and other undue Practices of Sir Tho. Webfier, and his Agents, the Rights of the Petitioners, and thtt said Borough, are violated: And praying, that the Premises may be examined, and the Petitioners relieved therein, as to the House lb ill seem m;et.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire Westminster into the Abuses of the Scavengers, belonging to the Scavengers. City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and paving

the Streets there, and likewise in the Surburbs of the City of London;

And it is referred to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir Jof.

Tredenhatn, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Moor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pedley, Mr.

Sir Wm. Huftler, Sir Tho, Webster, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Moyfer, Lord Powlett, Mr. King, Mr Mr. Fox,

Mr. Newport, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Barker, Sir Guise, Mr. Cox, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Herne, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Pitts, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Woollqfton, Mr. Loivtber, Mr.

Mason, Mr. Bertie; and all, that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Surry, or that live within the said Places: And they arg to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Committee of Privileges and Elections, that, before they proceed of Privileges, to inquire into the Merits of any Petition, fre iented to the House this Session, touching Elections, they do examine, whether they be the same inSubftancewithfuch, as were presented the last Session of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Fte* of Six Ordered, That. Mr. , Sir Robert,

Clerks in Mr. Gould, Mr. Denzill Onslow, Mr. Sir

Chancery. Edward Irby, Sir Fra. Majfam, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Vo fc. 15.

414

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Datell'i

Estate.

Private Bills to be printed.

Supply Bill; Malt Dudes.

Vigilantia

Ship.

Corrupting

Jurors.

i f — i 3 'Decembris.

A. 1706.

Jovts, 12° *//V;

Anno 5* Anns Reginas, 1706.

Praters.

MR. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rajfed in the Year 1707; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Ann Darell, Widow, Relict of Henry Dare/l, Esquire, deceased, on behalf of herself, and her Son, and two Daughters, Infants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Henry Darell was foiled in Fee of several Manors, Lands, and PremUres, in Cornwall, of about £. 600 per Annum Value, and some Tenements in London, let out upon along Building Lease, at £. 1 o per Annum; Part of which Premisses he mortgaged, and was further indebted, by Judgments, and Bonds, with which the Heir is chargeable, and also by simple Con trad, and for Legacies, which he had received for his Sons, to the amount of £. 8,000, and died, leaving his younger Children unprovided for, and but a small personal Estate: That all the Relations of the said Family are apprehensive, if the Mortgagees should enter, and the said Widow sue for her Dower, and the Bond and Judgment Debts lie a Load on the said Estate, till the Children come of Age, the Estate will be swallowed up by interest, and Charges; whereas, if the personal Estate be applied to pay the funeral and simple Contract Debts, and some Part of the Estate presently fold, and other Part leased out for Lives, it is hoped, something may be preserved for the Widow, in lieu of Dower, tome Maintenance for the Heir, and small Portions for the younger Children, with an Overplus Estate to the Son, and Heir: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate of the said Henry Darell, and leafing other Part, for raising Money, to pay his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,-according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bofcawen and Sir William Scawen do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all private Bills, brought into this House, be printed; and that they be presented to the House before the first Reading thereof.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles 'Turner, (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to make the Ship Vigilantia, of Stad, in Lunenburgk (which was a Wreck) a free Ship; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Serjeant Birch (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V1exerts, 13® die Decembris;

Anno 5° Annae Reginae 1706.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Sir Wm. St. , Sir Fees of Si*

W Garrard, Sir Hen. Bellafys, Mr. Mr. - £'erks 5n

ville, Mr. St. John, Mr. Coke, Sir Richard Onslow, anter7* Mr. Onslow, Mr. Morley, Sir Hen. Mr.

Mr. Manley, Mr. Rebar ts, Mr. Greville, Sir Fra. Child,

Mr. Gery, Mr. Baker, Mr. Robert Bertie, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Wallis, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, is referred.

Mr. Pollexfen, from the Commissioners of Prizes, Money presented to the House, An Account of what Sums of aripr nl Money have arisen by Prizes, since the last Account laid before the House of Commons, and how the same have been applied, to the 6th Day of December, 1706.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of William Potts, Gentleman, was pre- Pott'* Efsatt. fented to the House*, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father by Conveyance made Provision for his younger Children, of £. 100 each, for their Education and Preferment, and the Petitioner, in Consideration of a Surrender of that Conveyance, and brotherly Love, did, by Indenture, settle all his Lands in Northumberland, in Trust, to raisej£. 10 per Annum for his Brother John, for his Life, and f. 150 a-piece for Robert,

Edward, Mary, and Elianor, Potts, his other Brothers and Sifters: That afterwards, in 1695, the Petitioner, upon his Marriage, did convey all his Lands in Northumberland to the Use of himself, for Life, afterwards for securing a Rent-charge, of £. 50 per Annum, to his Wife, and afterwards for the Benefit of their Issue, fub-ject to the said Provisions: That the Petitioner has Two Sons, and Five Daughters, now living, and some of his Brothers and Sifters Portions unpaid; and he has borrowed Money on Bonds and Judgments, to pay off those, that are paid; which Debts lie so heavy upon him, that he is unable to maintain his Family, and pay the remaining Portions, unless he be permitted to fell Part of the Premisses, to discharge the rest: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of so much of the Petitioner's said Estate, as will discharge his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming the Settlement, made upon his Marriage, as to the Residue of the Estate, discharged of the said Annuity, Debts and Portions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Fofler and Sir Robert Eden dopreparc, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Supply Bill; Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707, (was according to LawlT,tx-Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Loan.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707, was jyiidt ‘Dunes, (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

5 Ann» 130 — 140 — 16° DecMnbris. 213

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a CUufe, for transferring the Deficiency, remaining unpaid, upon the Registerot the Malt Duty, granted in the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign, to the Regifier, that is to be provided for this Bill.

Yigilantia A Bill to make the Ship of Stad, in Lnnen-

lurgh (which was a Wreck) a free Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Holland Lord , Mr. Peyton, Mr. jeftup, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr* Bromley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Moor, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir RufhoutCullen, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Mon Ron, Mr. Pigott, Sir Robert Eden; and ali, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Poor Relief. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rtfumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made Come Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati* 140 die Decembris;

Anno 5* Ann® Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

Supply Pill; rT'HE House (according to Order) resolved itself Laud Tax. Jl into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raded in the Year 1707.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pka'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

LuncZ) 16* Decembris;

Anno 5® Ann® Regin®, 1706.

Prayers.

Darcll's /?R. Bofcawen (according to Order) presented to

Lthte. _L^ 1. the House, a Bill for Sale of feme Part of the Ellate of Henry Dor ell, Esquire, deceased, and leafing other Part, for railing Moneys, to pay his Debts, charged thereupon, anti for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children; and the same was received, and reed the First time.

Vo l. 1J.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707, was committed, the Amend- ' ments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that he was commanded by her Majesty to acquaint this House; that her Majesty had appointed Tuesday, the 31st Day of December inllant, as a Day of general Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for the great and wonderful Succefies, God hath blessed the Arms of her Majesty, and her Allies, in this Year; and for imploring the Continuance of his Blessings, and for the restoring, and perpetuating. Peace, Safety, and Prosperity, to her Majesty, and her Kingdoms, and the Nations and States in Alliance with her; and, for the greater Solemnity of that Day, her Majesty will go to St. Paul's Church: And that her Majesty hath been pleased to give necessary Orders, for providing convenient Places in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty, for her gracious Favour, in communicating to this House her Intention of going to St. Paul's Church upon the Day of Thanksgiving for the Succefies of her Majesty's Arms, and those of her Allies.

Ordered, That the said Thanks be presented to hef Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will attend her Majesty, as a House, to St. Paul's Church, upon the Day appointed for a publick Thanksgiving.

The Questl appoints a Day of Tliankf-giving.

.Addrefi of

Thanks

thereon.

The House to attend at St. Paul's.

Then the House proceeded upon the Report from the Supply ill. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Land Tax; an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707.

And the Amendments, made by the said Committee, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Ques? tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,.for reviving a Clause in tire Land Tax Act, of the Year of her Majesty's Reign, to impower the Commissioners, and Barons of Exchequer, to certify in Cafes, where double Assessments had been formerly made upon Papists, and others, which have since taken the Oaths, and thereby the Inhabitants of such Places are to be discharged from any Over-burthen, that may arise thereby.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks w'ere filled up; and the Clause amended.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth;

Te.,erS for the }«

Td'ers for the Nok'!h!: Sitr: j

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill*

That the Shops, and Houses, belonging to the Four Inns of Court, and the Inns of Chancery, shall be afieffed as Part of their Societies.

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bifi*

That the Officers of the Queen's Bench Prison, in Arrear for Taxes, shall pay, where they reside.

3 H And

3*4 i I'Decembris. 1706.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up: And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Aulnage Duties, and Profits of Water-works, at Colchester, shall be there taxed.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question tout thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Owners of all Fee-farm Rents shall allow after the Rate of 4 s.in the Pound, for all Rents by them received.

And the same was twice read, and amended, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, . That the Profits of the Water-works at New Windsor shall be assessed, as other Aids are dire died by the Bill.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made , Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, Fo. 40. L. 11. by Leaving out " ,"

and " Brecon."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Part of the said Estate, not settled in Jointure, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of such of the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher and , as remain

unpaid, in order to preserve the Residue for the Benefit of the Petitioners, according to the last Will of the said Thobias.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Aijlaby, and Sir Henry Lyddall do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Ship , of Siad,

in Lunenburgh (which was a Wreck) a free Ship, was committed j that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Medlicott (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for the encouraging the Discovery and apprehending of House-breakers; and the same was received, and read the Firil time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Mult Duties, refoiveitself into a Comnlittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 170 die Decembris;

Anno 5° Anna; Regina:, 1706.

Prayers.

Kay's Estate and Robert Kay, Gentlemen, Minors (the said John being of the Age of Eight Years, and Robert of the Age of Seven Years) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Chr Lijler, Esquire, by his last Will gave all his Estate in Yorkshire unto Thomas Kay, Esquire, Brother of the Petitioners Arthur and George, and to the Heirs Males of Thomas, chargeable with all his Debts, and Legacies: That Thomas cut off the Entail of the said Estate, and mortgaged some Part for £. 2,000, and settled a Jointure of other Part on his

Wife Eliz. and by his last Will devised, in case of no Issue, all his Estate unto the Petitioner Arthur, for Life, Remainder to the Petitioner , for Life, Remainder to his eldest Son, and his Heirs Male, being the Petitioner John, Remainder to the 2d Son of George, and his Heirs Male, being the Petitioner Robert, Remainder, in Tail Male, to the Issue of George, Remainder to the right Heirs of the said Thomas (who is the Petitioner Sir Arthur) chargeable with the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher and Thomas: That Thomas died without Issue, and his and 's Debts

and Legacies, unpaid, amount to about 6,700, and

there being no Provision made by either of the said Wills, for railing Money, to discharge the same; and the Petitioners Arthur and Geo. being only Tenants for Life, and John and Robert Infants, they cannot make any Security, to take up Money, to discharge the Premisses; so that many Suits are brought, and more threatened, against the Petitioners, which, in Consequence, mull end in the Ruin of the whole Estate: And praying, tlut Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to vert some

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Army and Transport Debentures, on behalf of themselves, and others, was offered to the House.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, that the said Debentures were issued for Services, performed about 13 Years since, but have carried Interest, at £. 5 per Cent, only from 1701: That no

Principal has been paid, but such, as has been funk by forfeited Estates in Ireland j and all those being fold, there remains unsatisfied Debentures to the amount of about £. 960,000. That by an Act, i° Anna Regina (for preserving the publick Credit) whatsoever of the said Debentures should remain unpaid by the said Forfeitures, should be made good in the next Session of Parliament, with Interest at £. 5 per Cent, after the 34th June, 1703; and Provision has been made for three Years Interest only; which causes a Discount of £. 30 per Cent, upon the said Debentures, to the great Dishonourof the publick Credit: And praying, that Provision may be made, for paying off the said unsatisfied Debentures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Officers in her Majesty's Army, under the Command of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have a long time been possessed of Debentures, for their Service in the late War, whereof they have received but two Years Interest, as yet: That the Petitioners intirely depend upon the Promise of an Act of Parliament (to make good Deficiences) that such Debentures, as should remain unsatisfied by the Produce of Irish Forfeitures, should be made good the next Session of Parliament; which being not yet done, the Petitioners pray, that Provision may be made, for paying the Principal and Interest, remaining due on the said Debentures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir Henry Peachy, Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Knights of the Shire for Sussex, Morley Trevor, Esqu're, and the Petitioner, had the greater Number of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the high Sheriff of the said County, who

acted

Vigilanta

Ship.

Apprehending Iitjule. bieaktrt

Arm\, &e. Debeinuies,

Ditto.

SuiTer

EleCiyn.

iPlympton

Election.

Importing

French

Wines.

Lady North tnd Grey's hall

Supply Bill; Malt Duties,

Williams*

Estate.

5 Ann. 170 — 18° Decembris. 215

acted very partially, and madefeveral unnecessary Adjournments, in favour of Sir George , hath re-

turned him with Mr. Trevor, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be leferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Strode, Esquire, on the behalf ofhimself, and other Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the Borough of Plympton, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the Right of Election of Members, to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, was anciently in the Bailiff, Freeholders, and Inhabitants; but, under Colour of a Charter, which made it a Mayor Town, the Mayor and Corporation have of late Years altered the ancient Method, by introducing Strangers, no Inhabitants, and who have no Estate or interest in the said Borough: That the Petitioner was duly chosen aBurgefs, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, by the legal Electors; but by the Contrivances of Charles the then Mayor, and Richard and others, the

Mayor hath returned Sir John , and Richard Edg-combe, Esquire, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to exanvne the Premises, and give him such Rc-li.f therein, as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Ele<ftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a bill for the taking off the Prohibition of importing French Wines;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Sir Richard Ho If ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Maria Margarett Lady North and Grey; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bril for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Loan.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to rep'ort, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 18° die Decembris;

Anno 5® Anna: Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A PETITION of George Gregory, Esquire, and Su/annah, his Wife, and of Simon Degg, Esquire, for and on the behalf of Simon Degg, his Son, an Infant, of about the Age of Seven Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that,

Esquire deceased, the Petitioner Susan's Father, was Vo l. 15.

seised, in Fee-simple, of several Houses near 1 in

London; and made his Will, and deviled the same to the said Su/annah, and Selina, her Sifter, late Wife of the Petitioner Degg, and the Heirs of their Bodies, as Tenants in Cummon: That Selina is dead, leaving Issue only the said Infant Simon, who is entitled to one Moiety of the said Houses, and the Petitioners Geo. and Su/annah to the other Moiety: That the Houses are very much decayed, and are only fit to be pulled down, and rebuilt, the which cannot be effected, because of the Infancy of Simon-, and it will be for the interest of all the Persons concerned, that the Houfts be fold, and the Money, arising the reby, laid out in purchasing an Estate, to be settled to the fameUfes; which cannot be done, but by Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Houses, and with the Moneys, thereby raised, to purchase Lands, or other Houses, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said old Houses are now settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thomas Parker and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand York Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions of Peace, held ^eSlltry* at Bradford, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the 10th Day of October, 1706, and after, by Adjournment, at Shejfeild, the 15th Day of October aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Act of Parliament, made the 27th Hen. VIII. no Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, should pass from one to another, by reason only of any Bargain and Sale, unless the Bargain and Sale be made by Writing indented, Haled, and inrolled in one of the Kings Court's of Record at or

else within the County, where the Premisses lie, before the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices and Clerk of the Peace, or two of them at the least, whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be one: That the Petitioners are of opinion, that Act hath not had its intended Effect, because the Clerks of the Peace are not obliged to give Security for the lafe keeping of the said Inrolments, and that there is no convenient Place appointed in each County* for keeping the same in: That the Petitioners conceive, the same might be remedied within the said West Hiding, and much to their Advantage, if all Bargains and Sales of any Manors, Lands, or Tenements, within the said West Riding, were to be inrolled before the Register, or his Deputyr, appointed by a late Act, made in the ad Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyance', and Wills, within the said West Riding; there being good Security given by the said Register, for the safe keeping of all Deeds, committed to his Custody, and a convenient Building, for that Purpose, erected at Wakefeild: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inrolling of Bargains and Sales of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said West Riding, with the Register, lately appointed by Act of Parliament* instead of their being inrolled before the Custos Rotulorum,

Justices of the Peace, and Oierk of the Peace, of the same Riding.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Marquis of Hartington and Mr. Palmes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the Hundred of County of Abergavenny, U/ke, Caldicott, and Ragland, and many others, the Freeholders of the said Hundreds, within n the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said County ever was divided into Six Hundreds, which always bore an equal Proportion of the Land Tax, until the Years 1699, 1700, and 1701: That in 1699 two of the said Hundreds, viz.

Gwentllogue, and Skenfrith, left the ancient Method of railing their Proportion to the Land Tax, and to this

Time

Lady North and Grey's NaU

Supply Bill; Malt Duties,

Supply Bills Land Tax,

Answer to Addi els.

2i 6 170 — j8 ° bece1706.

Time do the fame; only the Hundred of Gwentllogue paid their full Proportion for the Years 170a, 1703, 1704, and 1705, according to the old Establishment, by the Agreement of the Majority of the Commissioners of the said County, but the Hundred of Skenfrith never paid their Proportion since the Year 1700; which Re-cedency hath occasioned a great Deficiency on the said County, and is an Oppression upon the other four Hundreds, Process being issued out of the Exchequer for the said Deficiency, though there was an Agreement made at UJke, the 21st of August, 1702, at a general Meeting of the Commissioners, being a Majority of Twenty, or more, to Two, that the Taxes, imposed on the said County, should be equa'ly raised on each Hundred, as usually; which Agreement was confirmed at another Meeting, in Chepftoll, the 13th of July, 1704: And praying, that some Provision may be made, that the said fix Hundreds may be equally taxed for the future, as usually, and that the said Hundreds of Gwentllogue and Skenfrith be compelled to raise their Deficiences since the Year 1699, and the Petitioners be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Maria Margarett Lady North and Grey, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers*(acc°rding to Order) reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That the Commissioners, and Barons of the Exchequer, may examine, and certify, where Parishes are over-rated, by reason of double Assessments, formerly paid by Papists, and others, that have since taken the Oaths, and discharge the Parish of such Overplus Money.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, that all Fee-farm Rents shall be charged.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 50. L.* after " being" to insert " in case the said Duties of Aulnage were there charged to the Land " Tax in the Year 1693."

And the fiime was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tav, to be raised in the Year 1707.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Address of Monday last (returning the Thanks of this H

House to her Majesty, for her gracious communicating her Intentions of going to St. Paul's upon the Day appointed for a publick Thanksgiving) had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty received the same very graciously.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

Ordered, That Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Mr. Fees of Six

Cooper, Mr. Morley, be added to the Committee, to <jlerkb whom the Petition of the Six Clerks, is referred. Chancery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Decembris;

Anno 5* Annas Regins, 1706.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regulatinj the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed, ft!Pll!l.y do fit de die in diem. c '

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Pmiesoa Commonalty, of the Borough of Great , in the f o ils at

County of Norfolk, in Common-council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; fettir.g forth, that the Corporation of Yarmouth have received of all Persons, not free of their Corporation, importing Ceals,

Culm, and Cinders, into that Port, divers Duties, which the Freemen do not pay; so that Differences have arisen thereupon between the said Corporation, and the City of Norwich, and Counties of Norfolk and , the which are agreed; And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals into the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. England, the Earl of Difert, Colonel Tozvnfend, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady yortli for the naturalizing Maria Margarett Lady North and and Grey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Med/icott, Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Nevil I,

Mr. Peyton, Sir Fra. Maffam, Earl Sir

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Windsor, Sir Hump.

Mr. Chambers, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Vernon, Marquis Mr.

England, Mr. Moor, Mr. Calt hr of: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Ship Vigilantia, of Vigihnti* St ad, in Lunenburgk (a Wreck) a free Ship, was read a Shi,).

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to make the Ship Vigilantia, of Stad, upon the River Elbe, in Germany (lately a Wreck) a free Ship.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- importing cil, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Wool from Port of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and Iieluld-read> setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 10th and 1 ith fVillielmiIII. to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of England and Ireland into foreign Parts, it enacts, that no Wool, Wool-flocks, Worded,

Serge, Cloth, or any other Drapery, made or mixed with Wool in Ireland, shall be shipped off but only from the Ports of Dublin, Waterford, Kinfale,

Cork, and Drogheda, and be imported only at Biddiford, Barnstaple, Minehead, Bridgwater, Milford

Chester,

Apprehending Iloule-brea Iters.

Supply Bill; Mult Duties.

Cornipting

Jurors.

Poor Relief.

DareH^s

JEiUte.

ufMarl- rnuah's lies!

5 Ann, 19® — 20°- — 21° Decembris. 217

Chester, and Liver {.cole; by which Restraint the Decay in the Woollen Manufacture Trade is very visible about Lancaster; and conceive, the only Means, to retrieve the lame, will be to obtain a Privilege of importing the Woollen Manufactures into the Port of Lancaster; which will also be of great Advantage to the Manufactures of Leeds, Kendc.lt', Bradfand other

Plates, it being nearer than any other Port to them: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, and other Things, importable, from Ireland, into the ltiver Loyn, within the

Port of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Robert Heysham, Mr. IVm. Heysham, and the Lord Coningsby, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for the encouraging the Discovery and apprehending of House-breakers, be read a Second time To morrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors, be read a Second time tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 5* Ann* Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

AB 1 L L for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Henry Dare.'l, Esquire, deceased, and leafing other Part, for raising Monies, to pay his Debts, charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pouhney, Mr. Lowther, Mr Peyton, Lord Pozv/ett, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Owen, Earl

of Hertford, Sir IVm. Sea wen, Mr. Palmes, S.r Hen.

Mr Phornbigh, Sir Robert , Mr. Whitchcott, Mr. Mediicolt, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Compton-, and all, that serve for the Couniiesoi Corniva/l and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Mefllige from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powys and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the settling the Honours and Dignities of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of WoodJlock, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time. The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

V'ot,. 15.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Earl of Hertford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Marquis of Hartingion (according to Order) York presented to the House, a Bdl for lnrolment of Bargains R*g:ltry* and Sales, within the West Riding of the County of , with the Register there, lately provided; and the same was received. '

Mr. Annefiey reported from the Committee, to whom Lady North

the ingrotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for *|»dGrey'* the naturalizing Maria Margaret Lady North and Grey, ^at‘ was committed; that they had dhefted hun to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for encouraging the Discovery Apprehend-and apprehending of House-breakers, be read a Second jlo",e"

-Ur . breakers.

time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors, was read a Second time. r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day three Weeks, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the ill Practices that nny be committed by Under-Ihcriffs; and that Mr. and Mr.

Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Poor Relief; refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider further of the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,*Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 21° die Decembris;

Anno 5® Ann* Reginae, 1706;

Prayers.

/~\RD E R ED, That Mr. Skippott, Sir Barth. Grace- depilating dieu, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Papillon, Mr. nightly Farrer, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. , Mr. Watcil*

Gery, Mr. Lifter, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Duckett, Sir Tho. Dava/l, Mr. Palmes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the nightly Watch, is committed.

A Bill for lnrolment of Bargains and Sales, within York the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Registry. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Heysham (according to Order) presented to the Importing House, a Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, *foai and other Things, importable ftomlrel from the Ports "e of Ireland into the River Loyn, within the Port of Lancaf ter; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tune.

A Bill for the encou-aging the Discovery and appre- Apprehend hending of House-breakers, was (according to Order) ,nS read a Second time. ' br*'lkers'

31 Resolved,

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Poor Relief.

Privilege.

Neptune

Privateer

Ship,

Woollen, &c. Manufactures.

Expiring

Laws.

Williams* Lit ate.

318

2i° Decemb.

A. 1705.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiceocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707, without any Amendments:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon , the

7th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

A Complaint being made to the House, that 'Thomas Starkey, John Pavey, Christopher Kaleb Chan-

ders, and John Burton, had forcibly entered upon the inclosed Part of the Estate of George Rodney Esquire (a Member of this House) in Queens County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the Neptune Privateer, a Ship, stranded

on Gurrington Saeds, in Torbay, and since bought, as a Wreck, by John Harris, Merchant, a free Ship; and that Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Bere, and Mr. King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill...to revive the Ad, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen. Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and that Mr. Shuttleworlb and Mr. Francis dnnejley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to insped the Laws expired, and near expiring; and to report, what are fit to be revived, or continued;

And it is referred to Sir Mountague, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Tates, Mr. Take, St. Quintin,

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Stackerly, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Moor, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Coningsby , Mr. Pocklington, Mr. King Mr. Carey, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Mention, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Johnson, Sir Wm.Hujiler, Mr. Pedley, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Palmes-, and a 1 the Gentlemen of the long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Thomas Parker (according to Order) presented. to the House, a Bill for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate, in London, late the Estate of Wm. Williams, Esquire,

deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof; and the same was received.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Surveyor Manner of of her Majesty's Works had been with hiA, and acquainted him, that her Majesty had been pleated to 1‘ appoint the same Places for this House in the Choir of St. Paul's Church, upon the Dayofpublick Thanfgiving, the 31st Instant, as they had in the Year 170 upon the like Solemnity.

Resolved, That this House will go from the House to Saint Paul's Church on Tuesday, the Thirty-first Instant, to the Solemnity of the publick Thankfgiving.

Resolved, That this House will be going to their Places, prepared for them in the Choir of St. Paul's Churdi, on Tuesday, the 31st Instant, by Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Ordered, That no Member do go into the Place in the Choir in St. Paul's Church, provided for this House, before Mr. Speaker, and the House, come thither.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take into Custody all and every Person and Persons (other than the Members, and Officers, of the House) that shall presume to press, or come, into the Place in the Choir in St. Paul's Church, provided for the Members of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the several Door-keepers to keep the Passages to the Places, provided for the Members of this House in the Choir of St.

Paul's Church; and that they do not presume to let any Persons, but such, as are Members, and Officers, of the House, into the Places, provided for this House.

Ordered, That the Members do go to St. Paul's in their own Coaches, with a Pair of Merles only to each Coach.

Ordered, That no Hackney Coaches be permitted.

Ordered, That no Hackney Coaches, Carts, or Diavs, be permitted to be, or go, on Tuesday, the 31st Instant, between the Palace Yard, Westminster, and Temple between the Hours of Eight and Two of the Ciock; and that Mr. Speaker do ifi'ue his Warrant to the Justices of the Peace, the Bailiff of Westminster, and other proper Officers, to prevent the fame.

Ordered, That, for the more orderly proceeding to the said Solemnity, and for preventing any Disorder therein, upon this Occasion, the Speaker do go first, and che Members Coaches follow his, one by one.

Ordered, That no Member's Coach do go out of the Palace Yard before the Speaker's Coach.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Cull of th# the Fourteenth Day of January next. liouw.

Ordered, That all such Members, as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write his circular Letters to the respective Sheriffs of England and Wales, to summon the Members, who are in the Country, to attend the Service of the House upon the said 14th Day of January.

The Form of which Letter is as followeth;

From the House of Commons, December, 1706.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give -

immediate Summons to all the Members of tins House,

Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, within your County, to attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday, the Fourteenth of January next; the House of Commons intending to proceed further, with all Severity, against all such of their Members, as shall then neglect their Attendance: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done hereupon, unto.

Sir,

Your humble Servant.

A Meffiige

5 Ann*. ai° — 31° Decembris. — 70 Januarii. 219

Royal Assent to Uilia.

Queen'» Sparc h*

A Maflage from "her Majesty, by Mr. 4fton> Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707:

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1707:

An Act for settling the Honours and Dignities of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours;

An Act for the naturalizing Maria Margaret Lady North and Grey:

And that afterwards her Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; which he had obtained a Copy of: And he read the same to the House, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Efox Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room 01 Henry Lord Walden, now Earl of Bindon, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that her Answer to Majesty had been attended with the humble Thanks of Addrefrof this House, for her Majesty's most gracious Speech from T1*ank». the Throne upon the Twenty first Instant; and that her Majesty received the same very graciously.

Resolved, That this House will, on this Day Seven- Poor Relief, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 70 di Januarii;

Anno Annae Reginae, 170

My Lords and Gentlemen,.

I AM glad of this Occasion to repeat to you my great Satisfaction in your several Adidrelfes, presented to me in the Beginning of this Session.

The Zeal and Affection, which you expressed in them for my Service, and the common Caule of , cannot fail of being a great Encouragement to all our Allies.

The particular Notice which you have taken of the Eminent Services of the Duke of , is also very

agreeable to me; and I make noQuestion, but it will be so to the whole Kingdom.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I am to thank you, in a very particular Manner, for the more than usual Dispatch of the Bills of Supply, with which you have now presented me.

This Will enable me to put all our necessary Preparations for next Year into a great Forwardness, and must needs have a very good Effect, for improving the Advantages of the last Campaign.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I suppose you will think it convenient to make fomt short Recess, during the Holy-days.

The Zeal and Unanimity, you have already shewn, are a sufficient A durance to me, that you will all return in the same good Temper and Disposition, to dispatch what remains of the publick Business.

Address of Resolved, Nemine contradicThat the humble Thank*

1 banks. Qf this House be given to her Majesty, for. her most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council do attend her Majesty with such the Thanks of this House.

And then the House adjourned till the

Thirty-first Day of December instant, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, $i°

Anno 5° Ann® Regins, 1706.

Prayers.

THE House met, in order to attend her Majesty to St. Paul's Church, in the Solemnity of the publick Thanksgiving.

Dr. Moss to Ordered, That Doctor be desired to preach before

l.rfach on this House upon the Thirtieth Day of next, at

301b Jan. Sc. Mafgaret's, Westminster \ and that Mr. Freeman and Mr. Scobeil do acquaint him therewith.

Y'o L. 15.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Timas, Gentleman, an Thoma»* Infant, Son and Heir of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, Estate.

deceased', by Daniel White, Gentleman, his Uncle and Guardian, and of Bridget Thomas, Widow, Relict, and Administrator of the said Daniel Thomas, for and on the behalf of herself, and Eliz. her Daughter, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Daniel Thomas by Marriage Articles agreed to lay outjf. 4,000 in Lands of Inheritance, to be settled on himself for Life, Remainder to his Wife,

for Life, Remainder to Trustees, for raising Daughters and younger Childrens Portions, Remainder to rlierv Sons and Daughters in Tail, with a Power for Bridget to charge the Premises with^. 1,000, That Daniel died suddenly, intestate, in December 1703; indebted to several Persons above £. 1,000, without having made the said Settlement,-and leaving Two Children, the Infant Petitioners: That the Circumstances of the Inteft&ce's Estate arte such, that it would be Very inconvenient to have the said Articles performed, nor can it be don®, nor the Debts paid, without an Act of Parliament:

That it will be an Advantage to the said the

Heir Male, that f. 1,000 be immediately raised, for the Portion of the Infant Eliz. out of the Personal Estate of the Intestate, in lieu of the Portion intended- by the said Articles, after the Debts paid; and tire Petitioner ' Bridget is willing to accept of an Estate for her Life, of Part of the teal Estate, with the Overplus of the personal Estate, id lieu of the Provision intended her by the said Articles, though of less Value j and then the Infant Robert's Estate will be intire, and free from Ineum4* branees: And praying, that Leave may be given- to> bring in a Bill for settling the Estate of the said Daniel Thomas, for the Benefit of his said Wife, and Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Str William Ashurst and Mr. Pitfeild, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Ann Charlton, Widow, on behalf of Charltoa herself, and of her four Children, Job Staunton Chart- Eftutt. ton, Gilbert, Emma, and Am, Charlton, and also of Sir Francis Charlton, Baronet, was presented to* the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Job Charlton, Knight and Baronet, since deceased, did settle several Messuages and Lands, in the County of Montgomery, upon his Son Gilbert Charlton, and the Petitioner Ann, his Wife, and the Heirs of their Bodies: That the said Gilbert made his Will, and, after Debts, Legacies and Funeral, paid, gave his personal Estate to the Petitioner Am, his youngest Son, and two Daughters, equally:

Bishop of

Sarum

thanked.

Canham» Dilate

Wertlow

Writ.

Stippre fling Class-boui'egj &c. near Whitehall.

2 20

7° Januarii.

A. 17 b

That the Profits of the said Premises turn to a very small Account, and cannot be improved and managed to the best Advantage, by reason they lie remote from the Manor of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham, which is the Estate, and Residence, of the Petitioner Ann, and her Children: That it will be for the Advantage of the Petitioners, that the Montgomery Estate be fold, and the Money arising the reby, with the personal Estate of the said Gilbert, laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Premisses in the Counties of,

Leitester, or Lincoln: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Montgomery Estate, and with the Moneys, raised thereby, and other Moneys of the personal Estate, to purchase an Estate in the County of Nottingham, Leicester, ox Lincoln, to be lettled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Foley and Mr. Comers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Lord Bishop of Sarum, for the excellent Sermon by him preached before her Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, at St Paul's Church, the 31st of December last, the Day of publick Thankfgiving, appointed by her Majesty; and that Mr. Compton and Sir Aftihurfi

do give him such the Thanks of this House.

A Petition of Mary Canham, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Can-ham, Esquire, the Petitioner's late Husband, deceased, settled several Lands in Suffolk upon himself and the Petitioner for their Lives, Remainder in Trustees, in case they should have a Son, and other younger Children, that John Canham might, by any Writing under his

Hand and Seal, charge the Estate with £. 1,000 for a Provision for such younger Child; and several Sums, amounting to £. 3,000 therein mentioned, were to be laid out in a Purchase ofother Lands, to be settled to the -fameUfes: That John Canham died suddenly, intestate, leaving Issue only a Son, and a Daughter, now Infants, of four, and five Years of Age, and made no Provision for his Daughter, as he intended: That Part of the said £.3,000 is laid out, and other Part is ready to be laid out, according to the said Agreement: That the said John Canham died seised in Fee-simple of an Estate at 1Totteridge, in Hertfordshire, of £. 66 per Annum, which

is defeended to his Son, the Infant, but chargeable with £. r ,300, llefidue of the said £.3,000. That the Petitioner is willing to accept of the Estate at Totteridge, to the same Uses, to which the Lands, that ought to have been purchased with the £.1,300, ought to have been settled: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to supply the Defeat of her said Husband's Appointment of £.i,coo for a younger Child, and for settling the Estate in Totteridge in lieu of £.1,300, the Remainder of a Sum

.of Money, agreed to be laid out in a Purchase.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Edward Harley and Mr. Freeman do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alihs in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Mountjleven, Esquire, deceased.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt presented to the House, a Bill for suppressing of all new Glass-houses, Brewhouses, Dying-houses, Melting-houses for Tallow, and Pot-houses, erected since the Beginning of this Parliament, within a Mile of any Part of the Palaces of Whitehall and St. James's, and for preventing the setting up of such Houses, within the like Distance, for the time to come; and the same was received, and read the First time.

16

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes} «4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of Robert Oulton, Grandfather, and Guar- Clark'* dian, of Thomas Clark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Thomas being seised ih Fee-simple of an old House in St. Mary Ax, London, the Petitioner has made an Agreement with Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys, to grant him a Leals of the said House for 99 Years, at £. 36 per Annum Rent, which is more than ever the said House hath been lett for; and Sir Jeffry is to rebuild it; which will be an Advantage to the said Tho. Clark-, but he, being an Infant, of nine Years old, cannot make a Lease, without an Act of Parliament:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Thomas Clark to make a Lcale of the said House, according to the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Nathaniel Herne and Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Sale of certain Houses near ,in william*

London, late the Estate of William Williams, Esquire, ttuu. deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof, was read the First; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House having thaken into their Consideration the Address — eminent Services of John Duke of Marlborough, whereby Duke of the Glory of her Majesty's Government, the Honour and iviar* Safety of the Kingdom, and the Interest of the common Services.* Cause, have been so highly advanced;

Resolved, That an Address be presented to her Majesty, humbly laying before her the just Sense this House hath of the said Duke's Services, and their ready Disposition to enable her Majesty to make a Provision for the Support of his Honours and Dignities in his Posterity, in such a . Manner, as may be moll agreeable to her Majesty;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address;

And it is referred to the Marquis of Granby, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Harley, Sir

Tho. Littleton, Mr. Wa/fk, Mr. VerMr. Brydges, Mr.

Conyers, Lord Coningsby, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Portman, Mr. Bof-cafven, Mr. Dunch, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Colonel

Sfrangezvayes, Sir Jof. Jeki/l, Sir Humph. Briggs, Mr.

Topbam, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir John Holland, Mr. Cardon-nell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Compton, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Lozvndes,

Mr. Comptroller, Sir Jof. Tredenham: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber immediately, to prepare the fame.

And they withdrew accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Com-. . mittee, that they had drawn up the fud Address, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk*'s Table; where the same was twice read, and (with an Amendment) agreed unto by the House, and is as followeth; viz.

Most"

Army, &c. Debentures,

Hertford

lloads.

Ann. 7° — 8 0 Januaaat

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, taking into our Consideration the many eminent Services t>f John Duke of Marlborough, whereby the Glory of your Majesty's Governrtient, the Honour and Safety of your Kingdoms, and the Interest of the common Cause, have been so highly advanced, do, with all Submission, address ourselves to your Majesty's most sacred Person, humbly to desire, that, as your Majesty is, at your Expence, grac'tously pleased to erect the House of Bleinheim, as a Monument of his glorious Actions, and the House of Peers, by your Majesty's Permission, have given rife to a Law, for continuing his Honours to his Posterity, we, your Majesty's obedient Commons, may be permitted to express our Sense of so distinguishing a Merit, and our ready Disposition to enable your Majesty to make some Provision for the more honourable Support of his Dignity in his Posterity, in such manner, as shall be most agreeable to your Majesty.

Thus the Gratitude of the whole Kingdom will remain upon Record to after Ages, and encourage others to follow his great Example.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

.And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mefcurii, 8® did Januarit>

Anno1 5* Anna: Regime, 170(5.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Petition of the Proprietors of the Army and Transport Debentures (which was formerly presented to the House, and lies upon the Table) be referred to the Committee of the Whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Ware, Royston, and several other Parishes, in the County of Hertford, adjoining to the Road between Ware and Royston, and also of several other Parishes in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there was an Act: passed in the 4th and 5th Willielmiet Maria, for reviving two former Acts, for repairing the Highways in the said County of,

which hath been of great Benefit to all Carriages, and Persons, travelling those Roads j which Act; is near expiring: That the said Roads are not fully repaired, nor all the Money, borrowed by virtue of the said Act, paid: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the last mentioned Act of Parliament, for one half of the Toll, thereby collected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in & Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cafar, and Mr. Monson, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Webb, Serjeant at Law, was presented so the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elrofen a Burgess, to l'erve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Join , Esquire,

deceased; but joftah Diston, Esquire, prevailed upon the

high Sheriff to deliver she Precept to one,

Gentleman, who took upon him to act at the Electional Mayor, though he was not; and hath returned the said Mr. Diston, who was not duly elected, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall thiftk'fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Shtittleworth (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the continuing an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. King (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to make the Neptune Privateer, a foreign-built Ship, lately bought as a Wreck, a free Ship , and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bril be read a Second1 time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that he was directed by her Majesty to lay before the House several Estabhlhments, and an Account, relating the next Year's Service.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly; viz.

An Establishment of the Forces in Spain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seven:

An Establishment of the additional Forces for Spain: And,

An Account of her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies purifuant to the Treaties for the Year 1707.

And the Titles thereof Were read.

And the said EstabHlh meats, and Accounts, are a follow; viz.

Vo l. 15.

3 K

Devize#

Writ.

Woollen, Sec. Manufactures.

Neptune

Privateer

Ship.

Poor Relief*

Army

Eftahlish-

ment.

22 z 8° Januarii.

I. ESTABLISHMENT of the Forces in Spain, for the Year 1707.

General and Staff Officers.

General, and three Aids de Camp 7 Two Lieutenant Generals, and Four Aids de Camp Two Majors General, and Two Aids de Camp -Four Brigadiers, and Four Majors of Brigade -Quarter Master General ——

Adjutant General ——

Judge Advocate ——

Commissary of Provisions and Hospitals -Commissary of Stores of War ——

Commissary of the Musters ——

Secretary to the General ——

Chaplain to the General ——

Physician to the General ——

Surgeon to the General ——

One Physician to the Hospital - -

Two Master Surgeons ——

Four Mates ——

Provost Marshal, and four Men ——

Waggon Master - -

A. 1705.

Contingencies ——

Forage for the Forces, and Waggon and Baggage Money for the Officers

Total- -

For the Charge of the Garison at Gibraltar -

For the Pay of the General Officers for a Body of 13,000 Portuguese, pursuant to the Treaty; viz.

To Colonel Richards, as Lieutenant General of Ordnance To Major General O'Farrell, as such ——

To Colonel Lundi, as Adjutant General - -

Ter Diem. Per Annum.

£ s- d £ s.

11 10 — 4,197 10 —

10 — — 3,650

5 1,825

8 2,920 — —

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 10 — 182 IO -r —

— 10 — 182 IO —

1 10 — 547 »° —

1 365

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 6 8 121 13 4

— 10 — 1S2 10 —

— 10 — 182 IO — -

- 15 — 273 15 —

1 — — 365

1 365

— *7 ~ 310 5

— 3 — 54 15 —

4411 s 16,272 l8 4

IO 19 2; 4,coo

16 8 9-I 6,000

71 »9 7i 26,372 18 4

4 17 —

1 10 — 1 10 —

4 -

*>77° 5 —

5+7 10 —

547 10 —

S6 5 ——

1,460 ——

Regiments.

Horse. Major General Harvey % Regiment {The Royal Regiment

Dragoons 1 BriSadier K

j Colonel Pears - -

(AnotherRegiment -

Foot. {

Earl of Portmore's Regiment

Colonel Southwell's -Royal Regiment of Fufiliers Lieutenant General Stewart's Colonel Hill's

Colonel Barrimore's

Brigadier Blood's Brigadier Brudenall's Lord Montjoye's Colonel Alnut's, late Lord Charlemont Brigadier Gorge's, late Earl Dutigall's Colonel Wade's -

Colonel Hans Hamilton's

Lord Mobun's - -

Colonel Elliott's -

Colonel John Caulfield's Colonel Allen's, late Brigadier Gorge's Colonel Toby Caulfield's -Lord Dungannon's -

Colonel Breton's -

Sir Cha. Hotham's

Numbers, Charge per Annum.

s. d.

- - 4lS 2^,107 TO TO

589 - " 20,652 i8 4

443 - - 15>.TiS 8

589 - - 20,652 18 4

5S9 - - 20,652 18 4

2,210 77>*84

3 4

876 - 15»512 10

834 - - 14,520 18 4

834 - - i4»72» *3 4

876 - - >5>512 10 —

876 1

876 /

876 } 876 876 J 77.5^ 10 18

S34 - - *4>52° 4

876 876] 876 j m m I5>512 10

m m 3I>°25 " —

834 - - I4.520 18 4

33-40

834

834

834 834 834 834J 101,646 8 4

!7>934 3i5.°55 £ 8

10

20,562 415.847 IO IO

ABSTRACT

5 Ann.

8® Januarii.

223

ABSTRACT.'

General Officers Contingencies

Forage, and Waggon*money

Forces - -

Garison of Gibraltar

Portugal General Officers

Joint.

II. E S T A B L IS H M E N T of the additional Forces for Spain,

General and Staff Officers.

General, and three Aids de Camp One Lieutenant General, and two Aids de Camp One Major General, and Aid de Camp Two Brigadiers, and two Majors of Brigade'

Quarter Matter General - -

Adjutant General - -

Deputy Paymaster - -

Judge Advocate -

Commissary of Stores of War - -

Commissary of the Mutters -

Secretary to the Commander in Chief Chaplain to the Commander in Chief Physician to Commander in Chief Surgeon to the Commander in Chief Two Surgeons, each Three Mates, each Provost Marshal Four Men, each Waggon Matter

Contingencies -

Regiments.

Dragoons. The French Regiment

Colonel Hilts Regiment Lord Mor daunts Brigadier Farrington's Brigadier Macartney's . i Colonel Watkins'

'Sir Cha. Hotham's Lord Mark Kerr's

Comte Naffdu

Colonel Sibourg's Colonel BloJJet's

£ S. d. £

16,272 18 4.

4,000

6,000

26,272 18 4

415,847 10 10

442,120 9 2

- - - *>77° S —

- 1,460

Total - - 445.35° *4 a

10

Hospital

sH -

3S>

'tain. Per Diem. Per Annum.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

11 10 _ 4.197 10

5 — 1,825 — —

a 10 912 10 —

4 — — 1,460 — —

— 10 — 182 10 —

- — 10 — 182 10 —

— 5 6 100 7 6

— 10 _ 182 10 —

1 — — 365 — —

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 6 8 121 13 4

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 10 — 182 10 —

X *S — 638 —

- — l7 — 310 5 —

m — 3 — 54 15 —

30 *7 2 11,263 5 10

m 10 *9 2* 4,000

£ 4* 16 4! 15,263 r* 5 10

h

ABSTRACT.

General Officers Contingencies

Regiments

Numbers. Charge per Annum. 27,222 18 4

- - 76l

NO 00 15,51210 —

2,628 - 46,53710 —

*34 - 14,52018 4

*54 14,52018 4

7a5 - 13,179101®

2.x75 4. a. 39,538 12 6

T i A H V A -

»,072 i43joi°

8,833 171,03218 4

£ s- d.

- . 11,263 5 10

4,000

I5>2^3 5 10

m - 171,032 18 4

Total

H. St. John.

,6.| 186,296 4 a

Vol. 15.

Oneth appoints to t attended.

Encoiiragi

Charity

Schools.

Supply.

224

8° — 90 Januarii.

A, 1706,

til. Aw ACOO tJNT of her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies, pursuant to

the Treaties, for the Year 1707.

To the King bf Dinnidrk, to bd paid in Bank Money at Hamburgh To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the

Charge of 13,000 Men, 666,666 Patacoons, 33 St. at 4*. 64. each Td the Duke of Savoy, at the rate of 53,333 Crowns -J-4 per Month To the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel -

T0 the Elector of Trevei ——

To the Elector Palatine -

To the King of Prujfta, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of 8,000 Men, sent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy More to the King of Prujfta, by virtue of the Treaties of 1701 and 1706', on Account of the t2,000 Men, sent' by him to serve in the Netherlands; viz.

To her Majesty's Share of the Agio, or Difference, between the Money current in the Empire, and the Rates, the fame' Money is current at in the Territories, Where his Troops are employed -More, for her Majesty's Share of the Bread - - *53>°97

More, for her Majesty'i Share of the Forage - - 125,865

1

Gil.

109,666

St

10

16

388,629 6

Additional Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hejfe for

augmenting his Troops to 10,000 Men, and marching them into Italy - - - -'

More to him, for defraying the Expence of Bread Waggons , and Carriages, and of Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded - -

Crowr.s a' Year.

33>333

46,666

150.000

600,coo

640.000 2 5,000 25,000

200,000

155*451

80,000

Total - -H. St. John. "

Pcnmdy Sterling.

C>

37>S°°

s.

d.

150.000 — —

160.000 — —

5,952 i 6

5-952 7 6

4,761 18 6

50,000 —

37,012 7

20,000 ——

471,179 1 —

Ordered, That the ConsideratioA of the said Establishments, and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole House# who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr, Secretary Harley repotted, that her Majesty having (according to Order) been Waited upon to know when (he would please to be attended by this Housej her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two a Clesk, at her Palace of St. James's.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of Charity Schools*- and that Mr. Shaektrley and- Sir Humphry do prepare, and

bring, in, the Bill.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committed of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to leport, when the House will please to Hc€ive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to- fit again.

Jijofaed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nex-tr resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 90 die 'Januarii {

Anno 5* Ann* Regina:, 1706.

Prayers.

COMP LA IN T being made to the House, that Privilfge. John Higgins, Steward to IVyrriott Owen, Esquire,

(a Member of this House) was, the iecond Instant, arrested by Joseph Twycrofje, Samuel Thomasand James fVi/fon, at

the Suit of Thomas Ford, Christopher Coke, and Thomas Kilpin, and is detained in Custody ever since, in breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report ^he lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Com- Duties on monalty, of the City of Norwich, in Coni mon-council Coals at efsembled, was prefen ted to the House, and read; set- 'armomi!* ting forth, that the Petitioners being mostly supplied with Coal* from the Port of Great Yarmouth, where they demand of all Persons, not free of Yarmouth, divers Rates, above what the Freemen pay, for importing Coals there; which has occasioned Differences, which are noW agreed: And praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for regulating and ascertaining the Rates to be paid by Unfreemen, Importers of Coals.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemcn, Importers of Coals into the Port of Great Yarmouth, (already directed to be brought in) be brought into the House.

Mr. Bacon (according to Order) presented to the Biito. House the said Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfrecmen, Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejohed,

Answer to Aiitirel's.

Kavy Dabt

tt c.

5 Ann, 90 yanua. 425

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time. And he presented the same to tfee House accordingly;

viz.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House did Yesterday present to her Majesty their Address, relating to the Duke of Marlborough; and that her Majesty was plealed to give this gracious Answeri

Gentlemen,

I AM very glad, you have so just a Sense of the repeated Services of the Duke of Marlborough. I will consider of your Address, and return an Answer very speedily.

Admiral Churchill acquainted the House, that he had Directions from her Majesty to lay the Estimate and Account following before the House:

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty s Navy, on the Heads within mentioned, as it flood on the 30th of September, 1706:

An Account of the Number, and Rates, of her Majesty's Ships, and of the Number of Men, employed in the Sea Service in each Month, from the First of November, 1705, to the First of November, 1706.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimate and Account arc as follow; vix.

Vo t.

3

Admiralty

g

cq"

n‘

CD CL

cr

o

o

eg

Admiralty Office, 7th December, 1706.

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 30th of September, 1706.

HEADS

of tb«

K AVAL ESTIMATES.

Due on the Bills is the second Book; namely, Pursers Balance Bills, and for extraordinary Necessary-money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons, Free Gifts, occurred before the late Reign ——

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs,

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, entered in Course, on the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty's Xavy, and all other Debts arising for Stores delivered, and daily expected, upon Contracts made for foreign Commodities, for which Bills were not made out, with the Debt of the Out Ports ——

For her Majesty's Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof ——

Seamens Wages.

Due to several Men, remaining unpaid on the Books of the Ships paid off since the 13th of February, 168$ - -

To Ships in Sea Pay -

To pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course, fnr the Pay of Flag Officers, Pilotage, on the Head of Seamen's Wages -

Victualing.

Due onaccountof V'nftualing her Majesty's Navy, according to Account received from the Commissioner* thereof -

Sick and Wfounded.

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, and for Sub-#!fk«nce of the French Prisoners, as per an Account received from the Commissioners appointed for those Services; vix.

For the Sick and Wounded ——

Subsistcnct ef Frtmh Prisonert -

Debts, as they Hood on the 30th of Siptcmber, 1706.

/ ——

Before this Reign.

Particulars.

£ *. d.

I5>944 7 }

64^33 14 5 33 ——

7,5co ——

87,711

Since this Reign.

TOTALS.

d.

I5>944 7 8

899,831 17 7 201,855 ----- - )

/, ioi,636 17 7

160,215 8 7 1,177,506 ——

21,670 —

957,298 15 10

} J,4*3>65* 3 —

30,620 — 9,227 — '

3,458,224 —

964,79s *5 10

30,620 — < 9,227 —

3,545>935 4

Remaining on the 30th September, 1706, in Money, towards fat is tying the said Debt.

To be received from the Exchequer, of lilt Money voted by che hon. Hodfc of Commons, in the lash Stfsion of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1706. In the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands.

£ > £ x.

- - - - _ _ t _

139,647 4,662 S 2

114,789 9 8J 36,257 6 5

11,598 ix 84 15,681 5 2

f In the Hands -) of the Cashier ( 4 for Sick and k Wounded - 1 , 7>> 4,100

266,035 1 5 67,962 19 9

1 he aforesaid Money being deducted, the neat Debt on the 30th of September, 1706, w-s; viz.

i. d.

15^944 7 8

957^377 9 5

1^272*611 6 1 of

937,5,8 ,8 ill

13.45*

5,0,7

HEADS

of the

NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Register Office.

Due to the Seamen, that have been registered, pursu-mt to an Act of Parliament on that behalf, according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof -

Debts, as they flood on the 30th of September, 1706. Remaining on the 30th of Stptemb.r, 1706, in Money, towards satisfying the said Debt. j The aforesaid Money being

To be received deduced, the

Particulars. from the Exchequer, of the Money voted by the hon. House of Commons in the last Session-of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1706. In the Treasurer neat Debt on the 30th of Scp-t ember, 1706* was; via.

f Before this Reign. \ Since this Reign. TOTALS. of the Navy's Hands.

£ ' d. £ * d. £ X. d. £ d. \ £ ‘‘ d. £ 4.

"M9S 146,53s 8 8 *57,930 8 8 157,930 8 8

10

ON

Memorandum: There are Tallies in the Treasurer of the NavyY Hands, (truck upon the Reversion of Annuities, to the Value of £. 53,673, which, as Money shall be raised upon them, is to br applied as follows; viz. £ 23,673 to Wear and Tear 3 and the other £. 30,000 to the Vi&ualing.

Geer. Churchill7 Richard Hill, H. Pa get t,

R. Walpole.

90 Januarii. 1705.

Victualing the Navy.

t

5 Ann. 90 Januariu227

The said ACCOUNT.

wz — Year and Month. Rate. n CL *«£= e £ 09 £ <D > Ai s £ Brigantines. Sloops. 1 Yachts. Advice Boats. llospital Ships. cn a. £ a> u. O C/3 Hulks. Total. Numberi of Men*

1" 2a 3d 4'h 5th 6,h

1705*

November - 2 4 35 59 36 28 9 5 3 9 10 I 4 2 2 209 47.731

December - 2 4 35 59 36 28 9 5 3 9 10 I 4 2 2 *09 48,381

170

January 3 8 40 60 36 28 8 5 3 9 10 I 4 2 2 219 53>95*

February 3 8 4° 61 36 28 8 5 3 9 IO I 4 2 2 220 54,408

March 3 8 40 59 36 2.9 8 5 3 9 10 1 5 2 2 220 53.875

April - - 3 8 37 58 35 29 8 5 3 9 10 I 5 2 2 215 52,050

May - - 3 8 37 57 35 29 8 5 3 9 10 I 5 I 2 213 5'»369

June - - €V f 3 8 37 59 35 30 8 7 3 8 10 I 5 I 2 217 52,104

July - - 3 8 37 58 34 27 8 7 3. 8 10 I 5 i 2 2x2 5I»I99

August - _ 3 8 37 57 35 27 8 7 3 8 10 I 5 V 2 tl2 5V54

September - 3 6 39 59 35 27 8 7 3 8 10 1 5 2 2 215 51,249

October 3 6 41 57 34 27 8 7 n 8 10 1 5 2 2 214 5°»239

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate and Account be refeired to the Committtee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Vincent, from the Commissioners for vi&ualing of her Majesty's Fleet, presented to the House, an

Geo. Churchill, Richard Hill,

H. Pagett, R, Walpole.

Account, where the several Ships of her Majesty's Navy were victualed, and with the Produce of what Country, between the First of November1705, and the 31st of October, 1706,

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

Ships' Names.

Hampshire Litchfeild Bridgwater St. David, Hulk TrafportHoy -Mermaid Firm Prize Exeter -

St. David, Hulk Transport Hoy , Arundell Shoreham Speedwell St. David, Hulk

Tr-anlport Hoy Feversham Charlot t, Yacht Feversham Charlott, Yacht Seaford -Charlott, Yacht Ditto - Ditto -Shoreham Charlott a, Yacht Shoreham Speedwell Ditto

Where Victualed.

At Kinfaleand Dublin, v in Ireland, and of

' the Growth of that

Kingdom -

When. N° of Men. N* . of Days. Number of Men & Day.

7 November, 1705 280 84 23,520

9 Ditto 280 84 23,520

13 Ditto *55 28 4.340

13 Ditto - 5»732 ' 1 5>732

13 Ditto - 1,848 1 1,848

13 February 125 42 5,250

20 March - 440 42 18,480

22 Ditto 36s io8 61,320

31 Ditto, 1706 2,857 1 2,857

31 Ditto 1,400 t 1,400

28 May T4J 84 12,180

31 Ditto H5 42 6,090

31 Ditto 125 56 7,000

30 June 2,842 1 2,842

30 Ditto 672 1 672

3 November, 1705 *4 5 42 6,0 )0

12 Ditto - 3° 56 1,680

19 Ditto - J45 28 4,060

6 February - 3° 56 1,680

2 March - Il5 28 3,220

30 Ditto, 1706 - 30 56 i,6So

26 May 30 28 840

l July 3° 56 i,6So

3 Ditto *45 28 4,060

26 August - 3° 56 1,680

16 September >45 *4 2,030

19 Ditto - I25 *4 1,750

1 7 October - - I25 42 5,250

*12,7

212,751 Mens Victuals for one Day, or 584 Men for the Year. —

All the rest of her Majesty's Ships were victualed with Provisions of the Growth of England, except such of her Majesty's Ships, as attended on the Plantations, and were victualed there, after the P.ovisions, they carried from England, were expended; besides which Provisions, of the Growth of England, has been sent Abroad, for the Use of her Majesty's Ships, as followeth; viz.

Tho. Colby, H. Vincent,

' Ken. Edisbury, Fbo. Bere,

Reynold.

Vox.. 1 5.' An

228 9° Januarii. 170

Ait ACCOUNT of Provisions, of the Growth of England, sent into foreign Parts, since the First of -ber, 1705, for the supplying of her Majesty's Ships, after the Provisions, they carried from England, were expended, pursuant to several Orders from his Royal Highness.

r -A Bifcuil. Beef. I'odk. Pease, Oatmeal. Flour. Suet. Butter. Cheese.

Date of Orders. 1705. Sent to Lisbon, for 10,000 Novem.vt. Men, Eight Monthsatwhole Allowance, in several Mer- Hundred: Weight. 4 round Pieces. 2 Pound! Pieces. Bulb. Gail Bufti. Gal* Pound*. Pounds. Pounds. Pounds.

chant Ships - - - -17 & 6. Sent to Lisbon, for 6,©oo June loth. Men, Six Month* at whole 15.967 234>*59 304,560 9,399 2 10,048 1 213.579 35^22 16,000 32,000

Allowance ----- Augvjt 13th. Sent to Li/bon, for 10,000 Men, FourMoxths atwbule 9.517 71,998 144,002 4,500 4,458 5 216,024 35,980 — "

Allowance ----- Afiil 30th. Sent to Jamaica, for 2,000 Men, ThrecMonthsatw hole 12,029 80,000 159,994 4,898 6 4,999 5 240,051 39,9*8 22,500 4£,oooo

Allowance ----- Sept* 25th. Sent to Jamaica, for 2,000 Meti> Sit Months at whole 1,033 <14,000 24,000 749 3 843 7

Allowance ----- 3.998 47*98 47,998 1,500 — 1-499 6 ——

41.435 458,155 680,554 21.047 3 21,850 —: 669,654 110,990 38,500 77,000

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mead's Petition of Srr John of the Kingdom of

Estate. Ireland, Knight and Baronet, was presented to the

House, ai»d read; setting forth, that the Petitioner purchased of the Trustees, for Sale of Irish Forfeitures, the Towns and Lands of C-afllemore, late the Estate of John Barret, attainted of high Treason, and had a Conveyance thereof to him, and his Heirs, and was to enjoy them free of Incumbrances, though the Trustees had decreed the Premifies chargeable with £ 406, owing to William Ballard, of Cork, Which the Trustees intended to have dischatged out of £ 531 arrear of Rent, owing by Ballard to them j but they not having got Ballard‘s Oifcharge before the Determination of the Trustees Power, Ballard keeps Possession of the Premisses, though the Petitioner paid his Purchase-money, being JT. -76.

k s.$.d. which has been applied for the publick Use: And praying, that he -may be relieved against Ballard's feid Incumbrance.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the said Sir John Mead; and that Mr. South-'u/elland Mr. Francis Amefley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Supply. Mt. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in ht the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Pound,

be granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of another Year's Interest of the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be allowed to the Office of Ordnance, towards making a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pound, be granted to her- Majesty, for the Land Service to be performed by the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-four thousand Pound, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred Pound*, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills for another Year.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questkm severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. St. Jdbn acquainted the House, that he had Directions from her Majesty to lay before the House the several Papers following:

And he presented the same to the House accordinglyj viz.

An Account of some extraordinary Charges of the War, not provided for the kft Session of Parliament, or incurred since* and also,

Of the extraordinary Charges of the War in the Year 1705, and 1706, for Horses.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Accounts are as follow; viz.

Ak ACCOUNT of some extraordinary Charge*-of the War, not provided for the left; Session of Parliament, or

incurred since; viz.

'Extraordinaries for Italy.

To the Duke of Savoy, over and above his Subsidy in the Year 1706, for especial Service, relating to the War in Italy

For her Majesty's Share df a Loan to the Emperor, for the Service of the War in Italy ——

To the Landgrave of Htfft -Cajfell, 'for her Majesty's Quota of the extraordinary Charge on account of his Troops of Augmentation for the Service of Italy, upon a late Treaty, from the aoth of May to the 23d of ^December, 4706 -

£ d.

50,-000 — —

47»5°° ——

11,780 18 —

I-

s. d.

109/180 —

Extraordinaries

Army

Extra*

lUtute.

5 Ann. 9°

215*

Extraordinaries for Spain and Portugal.

For Account of Levy-money, Pay, and Contingencies, of the Forces, gone on the Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Rivers -

For the Pay of the General Officers for a Body of 13,000 Men of the Troops of the King of Portugal, pursuant to the Treaty in that behalf, to the 23d of December, 1706 -

For Services relating to the Garison of in the Year 1706

C

63,661 *3

3«014 — 3,520 16

d.

6

8

Extraordinaries for the Netherlands.

s. d.

70,196 IO *79*477 4

To the Elector Palatine, for her Majesty's Share of the Pay of 3,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, pursuant to the Trcaty with' the said Elector, from the 17th of March, 1704., to the 23d December following ——

To the King of Prussia, by virtue of the Treaties of 1701 and 1706, on account of the 12,000 Men, sent by him to serve in the Netherlands; viz.

For her Majesty's Share of the Agio, or Diffe-T Gil. St. rence, between the Money current in the Empire, f and the Rates the same Money is current at in the f 2 Territories his Troops are employed in - -J

For her Majesty's Share of the Bread - - 96,961 i8f

For her Majesty's Share of the Forage - - 41,955 —

207,431 8£

26,692 13 ioi

*9*755 9 6

46,488 3 44

To the States General, in full of all Demands for her Majesty's Quota of the Charge and Expences of the Succour of the Sevennois, to the lft September, N. S. 1705 ——

Besides the Excess of the £.250,000, granted the last Session, and accordingly issued, for Services in Spain, which cannot yet be ascertained, the Accounts of the Distribution of the said Sum not being come over.

1,380

r

227,305

5

7

11

5

H. St. John.

£. s. d.

5,073 ——

2,500 — —

1706.

For Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, which were killed, and loft, on Service this last Campaign, and which died of the common Distemper,. between the First of May and the 31st of December, 1706, in the Low Countries -

For Levy-money, to make good the like Loss, sustained by the Danish Troops in the Pay of England and Holland, between the First of January, 1704, and the End of October last, her Majesty's Share amounting to -

To make good the like Loss, sustained by the Troops of Hanover in her Majesty's Pay, in the Campaign 1706 ——

s.

d.

Extraordinary Charges of the War in the Years 1705 and 1706, for Horles of the English Troops, and Foreigners in English Pay, killed and loft on Service, and that have died of the common Distemper, for which no Provision . has yet been made by Parliament.

*7°5-

For Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the foreign Troops in her Majesty's Pay, that were lulled, and loft, in passing the Enemies Lines, and which died of the common Distemper, in the Year 1705, in Flanders, according to the Allowances made by the States to the Troops in their

yervice, of which no Account could be regulated, before the Committee of Supply was closed the last Sc (lion ——

To augment the Allowance of Levy-money for 382 Horles, at Three Pounds each, of the English Dragoons, loft in like manner the same Campaign ——

For Levy-money, to recruit the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons which died of the common Distemper after the said Campaign, viz. between the 31st of October, 1705, and the later End of February following -

And for Officers Horses, which died by the same Distemper with the same time

34,607 13 si 1,146 ——

7*573 -

11,298 — —

16,055 12

*.775 -

72,455 5 *1*

H. St. John.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to ihe Committee of the whole House, who are to conf.der further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of Dame Arabella Edwards, Widow and Relict cl Sir John Edwards, of Heath House, in the County of Salop, Knight, deceased, and Arthur,

her Son, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Sir John, some short time after his Marriage, settled several Lands and Tenements Vo L. Id.

upon himself and the Petitioner, for Life, 'Remainder in Tail Male, with a Power to charge the Premisses with Portions for younger Children: That Sir died in February, 1704, leaving Issue the Petitioner Arthur, and two Daughters, all Infants, and the Premisses, lb settled, liable to several Mortgages, and Judgments; l'o that the Petitioners cannot have any Benefit of the said Estate, until the Debts are paid; but the Petitioners cannot fell any Part of the Premisses, by reason of the Petitioner Arthur's Minority, to the Satisfaction of a Purchaser, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament:

3 M An*

hyo 9* — i o° — 110

A. 1706.

.And praying, that Leave may be given to'bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of the said settled Estate, for Payment of the Debts chargeable thereupon, and applying the Overplus of the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer, of the said Petition; and that Mr. Owen and Mr. Meyrick do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

State of Trade.

Message from the Queen — Duke of Marl bo* rough'* Annuity*

Duke of Marlborough's Annuity.

Newport

Writ

Poor Relief.

_ Revived, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that he bad a Message, signed by her Majesty, m answer to their Address Yesterday, relating to the Duke of Marlborough.

And he delivered the same to Mr. Speaker; who read the same to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

ANNE, R.

HER Majesty, in ednsideration of the great and eminent Services performed by the Lord in the first Year of her Reign, as well by his prudent Negotiations, as her Plenipotentiary at the Hague, as by his Valour and good Conduct in the Command of the Confederate Armies abroad, thought fit to grant to him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, the Title of a Duke of this Realm, and, as a farther Mark of her Favour, and Satisfaction with his Services, and for the better Support of his Dignity, her Majesty granted to the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body, during her Life, a Pension, of £.5,000 per Amum, out of the Revenue of the Poll Office; and an Act having passed this Sessions, for settling the Honours and Dignities of the Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor oiWoodflock, and House of , to go along

with the said Honours, it would be very agreeable to her Majesty, if the Pension of £.5,000per Annum be continued, and limited, by Act of Parliament, to his Posterity, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenh, are already limited* and settled.

Kensington, "January the 9th, 170 $-.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, for continuing and settling upon John Duke of and his

Posterity, the Pension of Five thousand Pounds Annum, already granted by her Majesty, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodfiock, and House of Blenheim, are already limited, and settled; and that Mr. Secretary Hurley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Granby, Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Strangewayes, Mr. Mr.

Portman, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport) in the Counter of Cornwall, in the room of John Spark, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further and better Relief Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, i o° die Januarii;

Anno 5* Anns Reginae, 1706.

P a A Y E R S.

A PETITION of Alexander Howe, an Infant, by Ilow'd Erate.

Frances How, Widow, his Mother and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas How, the Petitioner Alexan's Uncle, died seised of an Estate in the Counties of Stafford and Suffolk, of about £. 344 per Annum, liable to Mortgages for above £.5,000, the Interest whereof, and Taxes, will eat up the whole Estate, in case it be not speedily fold, to pay the said Debts: That the Petitioner Alexander is next Heir to his Uncle, but cannot fell the Premifies, because of his Minority, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate, for Payment of the Incumbrances thereupon, and for disposing the overplus Money for the Benefit of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Colonel Lee and Mr. Farrtr, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing of all new Glass- Suppressing houses, B'ewhouses, Dying-houses, Melting-houses for GLfa-house*, Tallow, and Pot-houses, erected since the Beginning of ^biulmlL this Parliament, within a Mile of any Part of the Palaces of Whitehall and St. James's, and for preventing the setting up of such Houses within the like Distance, for the time to come, be read a Second time upon Morning

next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That Brigadier Mordaunt, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Fees of sir Carteret, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Parker, Sir Hump. Briggs, e*-be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of ancei> the Six Clerks in Chancery, is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- Corrupting night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Jui0J3-upon the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the Hotife adjoured till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, \\° die Januarii',

Anno 5* Ann* Reginae, 1706.

P Ha Vers.

/ORDERED, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Twelve Days, upon Absence. Octraordinay Occasions.

Mr.

Canham's

Ellate.

Reflating

ui

W «uch.

Neptune

Privateer

Ship*

Hertford

Roads.

Supply

5 Ann.

i x°- — 130

Mr. Harley (according to the Order) presented to the House,.a Bill for supplying the Defeat of an Appointment for the ProvWion of the younger Children of John Canham, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Totteridge, in lieu of£. 1,300, the Remainder ofa Sum of Money, agreed to be laid out in aPurchafe; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable the Justices of Peace to settle nightly Watches in l'uch Cities, Towns, and Villages, as shall desire the fame.

A Bill to make the Neptune Privateer, a foreign-built Ship, lately bought as a Wreck, a free Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pock-ling ton, Mr. 5 hackerley, Sir Walter , Mr.

Mr. King, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Harley, Sir Fra. Massarn, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Harvey Sir Wm. Phippard,

Sir Henry Celt, Mr. Ogle, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Strode, Mr. Chafe, Sir Cha. , Mr. Ireton, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Farrer, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. , Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Johnson; and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing the Act formerly made, for the repairing Highways in the County of Hertfordj and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of 8,000 Men, sent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Forty-five thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Two-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining Twenty thousand Five hundred Sixty-two Men, part of her Majesty's Forces to be employed in Spain or Portugal, and for the General Officers, Contingencies, Hospitals, Forage, and Waggon Money, and for the Garison of Gibraltar, and for General Officers, serving the King of Portugal, for the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-six thousand Two hundred Ninety-six Pounds, Four Shillings, and Two-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining Eight thousand Eight hundred Thirty-three Men, additional Forces, to be employed in Spain or Portugaland for the General Officers, and Contingencies, for the Service of the Year 1707.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Prussia* and her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Order, that JHeffian the Treaty with the King of Prussia in the Year 1706, irooP8, and also the Treaty with the Landgrave of HeJJe , may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Cotyers (according to Order) reported from tho Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his. Plate, and after-, wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to the King of Denmark, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Charges of 13,000 Men in the Service of the King of Portugal, for the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to the Duke of Savoy, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred Fifty-two Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to the Landgrave of Caj'ell, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred Fifty-two Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to the Elector of Treves, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred Sixty-one Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to the Elector Palatine, for the Service of the Year 1707.

; Vox,. J5.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Poor Relitf. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Com- . mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock,

Luna, 13® die Januarii;

Anno 50 Anna Regina, 1706.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Com- Prohibiud missioners of the Customs attended, they were In^ia called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Goods.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the old East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. Hellene; and an Account of the said Goods, by the said Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in the Warehouse at St. Hellene; with what has been received in, what delivered out, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from September 29, 1705, to March 25, 1706: And also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the new East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, at the Steel-yard j and an Account of the said Goods, by the said Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, at the Steel-yard Warehouse: Also,

An

2ii 13° Januarii. A. 1706.

An Account of the prohibited India Goods, by the united Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, at the Warehouse at Leade with what has been received in, what delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in both the said Warehouses, from September 29th, 1705, to March 26th, 1706: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the united East India Company, viz. what hath been brought into St. Hellens Warehouse from September 29th, 1705, to March 25th, 1706: And also,

An Account of the Goods remaining in her Majesty's Warehouse at the Out-roper's Office at Michaelmas, 1705, what discharged since, and what remained at Lady-day 1706: And also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas, 1705, to Lady-day, 1706: And also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the old East India Company, which were intitled to Debentures, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens: And also.

An Account of the said Goods, by the said Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in the Warehouse at St. Hellens, with what has been received in, what delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from March 25th, 1706, to September 29th,

1706: And also,

An Account of the prohibited Goods, by the new East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, at the Steel-yard Warehouse: Also,

An Account of the said Goods, by the said Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, at the Steel-yard Warehouse j with what has been received in, with what delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from March 26th, 1706, to September 29th,

1706: And also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the united Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in a Warehouse at Leadenha; with what has been received in, what delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from March 25th, 1706, to September 29th, 1706: And also;

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the united East India Company, which pay only the one half Subsidy, at St. Hellens Warehouse, what has been received in, what delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouse, from 25th 1706,

to September 29th, 1706: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Lady-day, 1706, to Michaelmas, 1706: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, received from the Out-ropers Office into her Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, what exported, and what remains, from Lady-day, 1706, to Michaelmas, 1706.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts dolie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Horsham Ordered, That Mr. Wicker be at Liberty to withdraw Kledion. his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Horfiiam, in the County of

Wtedon's -A Petition of John Weedon, of Soulderne, in the County KftiU. of Oxon, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that his late Father contracted several Debts, and by his last Will gave several Legacies to his younger Children, having bciore made a voluntary Settlement of his Estate upon the Petitioner, for Life, Remainder to his Sons in Tail Male, Remainders to two of the Petitioner's Brothers; but had not sufficiently v provided to pay the said Debts, Legacies, and Portions:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of his Estate, sufficient to pay his j8

Father's Debts, Legacies, and Portions to younger Children, and settling the residue to the Uses of the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Cartwright and Mr. Arundell do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

A Petition of Daniel Harvey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Member, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Clilheroe, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Thomas Stringer, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Christopher Parker, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and returned by Ambrose Pud/ay, Esquire, one of the Bailiffs, and* a Majority of the legal Burgesses, by Indenture, annexed to the Precept, in order to have the Writ re* turned accordingly; but afterwards Mr. Parker procured Mr. Dugda/l, his Steward, who is the other Bailiff, to return him by Indenture, which the Under-flvrriff annexed to the Writ; and Mr. Parker and Mr. Dngdall, used other indirect Practices, at the said Election: And praying, that he may be admitted the Sitting Member, as duly returned by the Indenture, annexed to the Precept or have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committeeof Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Merits of the Return in the first Place.

Mr. Foley (according to OrdeO presented to the House, a Bill for Sale of several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esquire, deceased, and applying the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of 'Nottingham, Leicester, or Lincoln, to be settled

to the like Uses, as the said Lands in the said County of Montgomery are now settled j and the same was received> and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Order, that the Treaty with the King of Prussia in the Year 1706, and also the Treaty with the Landgrave of Hefe CaJJell, may be laid before the House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Order that the Treaty of Repartition of the Troops, Hague, November 24th, 1706, and also Ratification of the Treaty for the March of the Hefiian Troops to Italy, concluded May the 20th, 1706, be laid before this House.

And he presented them to the House accordingly.

And the Translations thereof, and the Titles of the said Treaties, were read.

And the Translations are as follow;

Translation of the Treaty of Repartition of the Prussian

Troops, Hague, November 24, 1706, and the Translation of the annexed Repartition of Winter Quarters,

for the Prussian Troops.

IT having been proposed to his Majesty the King of Prussia, on the behalf of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, by his Highness my Lord Prince and Duke of Marlborough, as also on the be half of the High

and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, that his Body of Troops, confiding of 21 Squadrons, and Nine Battalions, which served the last Campaign in Brabant, be quartered, during this Winter, between the Maefe and the Rhine, according to the Repartition of Quarters, made on that behalf by H. H. my Lord Prince and Duke, approved by their

Clitherot

Election.

Charltons

Liuie.

Pru (Trail and

Hdiiau

Troops.

5 Ann.

i 3° Jamurii.

233

High Mightinesse, a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed; his Majesty the King of Prussia, to give a fresh Proof of 'his Affection and Zeal for the Interest of the common "Cause, has been pleased to consent to the Quarters, so appointed; and it is agreed, on the behalf, as well of her Majesty the Queen, as of their High Mightinesse, with the Plenipotentiary of his Majesty the King of , the Baron de Schmettau, on the Conditions following:

Ift.

That her Majesty the Queen shall, with the Concurrence of their High Mightinesse, during the Time of Winter Quarters, to commence from the Day, the Troops of Prussia shall pass the Maeje, and to end, when they

shall repass the said River, the year ensuing, consent to pay unto his Majesty the King of: ift, The Agio,

or the Difference, between Bank Money, and the current Coin of Germany, according as the same was regulated, during the Campaign; and that for Eleven Squadrons, and Two Battalions, quartered, according to the said Repartition, in Countries and Places, where Bank Money is current, and also for the General Officers; which Agio amounts to 9,845 FI. 10 Sols, Dutch Money, fer Month. 2. One Moiety, for the Bread of the said Body, shall be paid to the King of Prussia which Moiety, after the rate of 10,207 Rations, at Two Livres a Ration, comes to 12, 758 tl. 3 Sols, per Month. ,3. As to the Forage, after the rate of 5,594 Rations a Day, at Three Crowns a Ration, there shall be paid 4 1,95$FI. Dutch Money, per Month; which Money, for Forage, shall be directly paid by England and the States to the Bailiwicks and Districts, where the Troops shall be quartered, upon the Account of Forage, which such Bailiwicks and Districts are to deliver to the Troops of Prussia; the Remainder to be paid by his Majesty the Kingo i Prussia:But as for the Country of Cleves, and the District in the Upper Part of in the Pof-

fession of his Majesty the King of Prussia, Payment shall be made to Commiflfaries, named by his Majesty. The said Bailiwicks and Districts are, upon that Foot, to discount every Month with the Officers of the Troops, and to pay them, in ready Money, the three Crowns per Ration, received by them, in Consideration of what Horses shall be short, and for which Forage has not been delivered; but when the Troops shall repass the Maeje, as well during the Winter Quarters, as after, and at the opening of the Campaign, they shall be on the Foot of the 7th Article of the Treaty of 1701, as well in respect of the Agio, as of Bread, and Forage.

II.

Payment of the said Money shall be exactly made every Month, on the Part of her Majesty the Queen, as also of their High Mightinesse.

HI.

Notice shall be given jointly, on the Part of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and also of the high and mighty Lords the States General, unto the Ministers of the Potentates, in whole Countries the Troops shall be in Quarters.

IV.

Provided the Conditions above specified be duly performed, the Troops of his Majesty the King of Prussia shall remain in the Quarters above-mentioned, between the Maeje zn&tht Rhine, during this Winter; and they shall be under the Command of his Highness my Lord Duke of Marlborough, or of the first General, who, in the Absence of his Highness, shall command in Chief the Armies of her Majesty and the States; which first General shall correspond, upon all Occasions, with the Count de I.ottum, General of Foot to the King of Prussia, or with such other General, as, in his Absence, shall command in Chief the said Body of Troops of his Prussian Majesty: And, in case the Enemy should, during the Winter, assemble any considerable Force, to undertake any Enterprise of Consequence, which may oblige his Highness my Lord Duke, or such General, as, in Vol, 15.

his Absence, shall command in Chief, to bring Troops into the Field, to oppose the Attempts of the Enemy, then all the said Troops of Prussia, or any part of them, shall

likewise be assembled, as the Commander in Chief shall judge necessary: In the same above-mentioned they shall likewise pass the Maeje, and receive the same Treatment, in regard of the Agio, Bread, and Forage, as they had last Campaign; but with this Difference, that, as for the Forage, it shall then be delivered in intire Rations out of the Magazines of the States.

His Prussian Majesty does further engage himself to cause the said Body of Troops to make the next Campaign in a complete State j and, to that Intent, they shall pass the Maeje, and join the Armies of her Majesty the Queen, and of the States, under the Orders of his Highness my Lord Duke of Marlborough, or of such General, as, in the Absence of his Highness, shall command in Chief the said Armies, as soon as the Troops of her Majesty and the States shall go out of Quarters, to form an Army, unless it be otherwise agreed on between his Majesty the King of Prussia, and her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesse.

In Testimony whereof, the present Convention has been ligned, on the Part of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, by his Highness the Prince and Duke of Marlborough, and, on the Part of his Majesty the King of Prussia, by his Plenipotentiary the Sieur Baron Schmittau; their High Mightinesse having consented, by their Resolution of the Seventeenth of this present Month of November, to the same Conditions for the Moiety, which regard the said Payment of the States of the United Provinces. Done and ligned at the Hague, this Twenty-fourth of November, 1706.

The Prince and Duke of Marlborough. (L. S.)

fV. B.de Schmittau.

The Repartition of Winter Quarters for the Prussian Troops, whither they are to march, according to the Rout hereunto annexed.

IN the Country of Guelder, on the other Side the Maeje -At Aixla Chape lie -

At Cornells Munjler -At Er ekelens -

At Vijett ----- At Nuijs -

In the Country of Cleves-

In the Country of Cologne, comprehending Kerpeti, Lommerjom, and Eyffelt

In the Country of Cleves, or in the Country of Cologne, and as the King of Prussia shall think fit - -

Bat.

5

t

1

1

1

Squad. 11

4

3

3

9 2.1

In the Country of the Spanish Fauquemont^.

Done at the Camp of Ghiflingin, the 4th of November, 1706.

The Prince and Duke of Marlborough.

Translation of the Treaty with the Landgrave of Hesse Cajjell, concluded at Cajjell, May the 20th, 1706.

A Convention between her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces, on the one Part, and his moll Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hejje Cassel on the other, concerning the March of his moll Serene Highness's Troops to Italy, and the augmenting them with Two Regiments of Horse, which make 720 Horse.

III.

FIRST, His Moll Serene Highness promises, that his Body of Troops shall march to Italy, immediately after that this Convention shall be approved by her Britannic Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, and that it shall be required of him by the said Powers.

3 N II.

P ruffian Troopi.

Heffiau

Troops.

Hessian

Troops.

*34

n.

This Body shall consist of Nine Battalions, and Sixteen Squadrons; videlicet, the Nine thousand Men, stipulated by the Convention of the Seventh of,

One thousand Seven hundred and Two; one Battalion, of Eight hundred and Seventy Men, by the Convention of the Thirty-first of Marche One thousand Seven hundred

and Three j and Four Squadrons, making Seven hundred and Twenty Horse, which shall be forthwith added thereto by his most Serene Highness.

m.

For the Augmentation of the said Two Regiments of Horse, which his most Serene Highness will make, there shall be paid to his most Serene Highness, by her Britannic Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, a Subsidy of Fifty thousand Crowns.

IV.

Her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse engage themselves to make good to his most Serene Highness the Overplus of the Price of Bread and Forage, if it shall exceed that, which the Troops would have paid in Brabant; as also of the extraordinary Charges, or Contingencies, whereof Proofs and Vouchers shall be produced.

V.

the Loss, that may happen by the Change of Money, shall likewise fall upon her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse; which shall be proved by the Bills of Bankers, attested.

V!.

And his most Serene Highness judging it necessary, for the Preservation of his Troops, that the Body be provided with Waggons, for the Carriage of the Bread, without depending upon Chance in that respect; her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse oblige themselves to maintain Sixty Waggons for that Purpose.

VII.

Her Britannic Majesty, and their High Mightinesse shall likewise take upon themselves the Charges of the Hospitals for the tick of the said Body, either in erecting them, and providing, to that End, each Regiment a Waggon, for the Carriage of the Sick, and the Necessaries for the Hospitals, or by giving Four Sous a Day for every tick or wounded Person, that shall be brought into the Hospitals, erected by his most Serene Highness: in which Cafe, nevertheless, the Charges of 16 Waggons shall be borne by her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse.

yin.

Whereas the indemnifying his most Serene Highness, as stipulated in the 6th and 7th Articles preceding, comes to an uncertain Sum, his most Serene Highness is willing to charge himself therewith for a Subsidy of 70,000 Crowns per Annum, of Holland Money; but, as in this he has not any Regard to Profit, he is willing likewise, in order to give a Proof of his Difintcreftedness, and that he does not enter into this Convention, but with a Prospect of advancing the common Cause, and to improve more and more the Friendship of her Britannic Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, that the said Powers shall take upon themselves the Care of the two foregoing Articles, and to that Purpose fend Commissaries, and Officers, with the Troops of his most Serene Highness; in which same his most Serene Highness will quit all Pretentions to the Subsidy stipulated in this Article.

DC.

Whereas his most Serene Highness the Landgrave had a Right by the Convention of February 7th, 1702, to bring back the 3,000 Men, paid by Subsidy, to winter in his own Estates, and by this March it will be impossible for him to enjoy that Right; her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse oblige themselves to indemnify his most Serene Highness for the Loss, that there will be in the Exchange of the Money of Germany into that of Italy, during the Six Months of Winter Quarters.

*5

A. 170

x.

The Money for Waggons, Recruits, and all other Advantages, which the Troops have hitherto enjoyed, shall be continued to them, and paid to these 16 Regiments, upon the Foot and the Practice of former Conventions.

XL

In order to enable his most Serene Highness so much the more to make the Augmentation now stipulated, and also to encourage his most Serene Highness to engage in the present Convention, there shall be paid to his most Serene Highness forthwith, and within three Weeks after the Approbation of this Convention, the Remainder of the Subsidy of the Year 1705, due from her Britannic Majesty, and the Year 1706, payable beforehand, according to] the Convention of the 7th of February, 1702, amounting together to 80,802 Florins, ir Sous; and by their High Mightinesse the like Sum, on the Arrears due from them.

xn.

His most Serene Highness the Landgrave having in-fifted, and still infilling, positively, that the Arrears of the last War, remaining due to him on the Part of England, to be paid Half at present, and the other Half at the End of the Year, my Lord Prince and Duke of Marlborough, promises to make the most preflingInstances to her laid Britannic Majesty, that the Payment may follow in the Manner aforementioned.

XIII.

Whereas there has been no exact Account given, of what is due to the Officers, either for Recruits, Remounting, Waggon-money, or other Advantages, a List thereof shall be made forthwith; and her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall pay them as soon as possible, in order to enable thereby the said Officers to support their extraordinary and necessary Charges in this March.

XIV.

Their High Mightinesse promise, not only that they will continue their Offices, and earned: Instances, with the Province of Zealand, for Payment of the Arrears of the Regiment of General Spiegel, and of the Commission Officers of that of Rechteren; but his most Serene Highness being informed, that the said Province has made over what is due to it from the Provinces of,

Utrecht, and Overyejfel, upon the Charges of the Sea Service, for the Payment of the said Arrears; their High Mightinesse promise, that they will employ the like Offices with the said three Provinces, and that the Money which shall arise from thence, shall be applied to this End, and that they will give Order, that, from the present Month, henceforward those Regiments, and Commission Officers, be regularly'paid.

XV.

Whereas his most Serene Highness will be disfur-nished by the said March of his Troops, her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse promise, not only tohaften to, and assist, his most Serene Highness with their Forces, in case of an Attack by the Enemies, but also to secure him from any Insults of his Neighbours, either for Winter Quarters, or otherwise, without Exception.

XYL

The Payment of the Subsidy, stipulated in the third Article, for the Augmentation, shall commence from the Day of the Conclusion of the present Convention; as also that mentioned in the Articles 6, 7, and 8th, if her Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse agree to indemnify his most Serene Highness from the Charges, mentioned therein, by Way of Subsidy, payable every three Months.

xvii.

Her Britannic Majesty shall engage in the Payment of all the Charges, which shall arise from the present Convention, for Two Thirds, and their High Mightinesse for the 3d Third.

XVIII.

130 Janua

Leave of Absence.

Duties ob Coals at Yarmouth.

York

Regiitiy.

Vigilantia

Ship.

Supply.

5 Ann. 13* — 14*

XVIII.

The present Convention shall last during the Term of one Year. In Testimony whereof, we, the underwritten, Adriaen Van Borfele, Lord of Deputy to

the Council of State of the United Provinces, as being authorized thereunto on the Part of her Britannit Majesty and their High Mightinesses, and Friderick Baron de Kettler, Grand Marshal and Privy Counsellor, authorized on the Part of his most Serene Highness the Landgrave of HeJJe Cassel, have signed and sealed these Pretents with our usual Seals, the whole by the Approbation of our Lords and Matters. Done at the

20th May, 1706.

A dr. Van Borjele, tot (L. S.)

Friderick Baron of Kettler.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaties be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas of Stoke, have

Leave to go to the Bath, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Yarmouthin the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Monblon, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Mr. Duckett, Sir Rufliout Cullen, Sir Harvey Elzves, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Skippon, Mr. 5 Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Hard. IVaftneJfe, Sir Owen Bucks, Mr. Varney, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Moor, Mr. Rowney; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, within the West Riding of the County of York, with the Register there, lately provided, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benson, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Verney, Mr. Monblon, Mr.

Aiflaby, Sir John Holland, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Herne, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Rowney, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Manwaring, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Lowther. Sir Humphry Makworth, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rufhout Cullen, Sir Fra. Masham; and for all Yorkshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make the Ship Vigilantia, of Stad, upon the River Elbe, in Germany (lately a Wreck) a free Ship, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day was read.

And the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had dire died him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Vo 1.. 15.

Januarii. 235

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 140 die Januarii;

Anno 5* Annas Regime, 1706.

Prayers.

ABI L L for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate, in William#' London, late the Estate of William Williams, Estate* Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dryden,

Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cox, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Mayne, Sir Wm. Hufller, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Gale,

Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Fra, Maffam, Mr. , Mr.

Callhrop, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. MonbSir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Peyton, Sir Geo. Parker, Lord Powlett, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Plimtree, Mr. Bacon, Sir Hard.;

and all, that serve for the County of Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) presented Duke of to the House, a Bill for continuing and settling upon AIarl-John Duke of Marlborough, and his Posterity, the Pen-fion of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, already granted DnUi by her Majesty, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodflock, and House of Blenheim, are already limited, and settled; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fofler (according to Order) presented to the pott-s

House, a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Estate.

Potts, for discharging of his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts; and the same was received.

A Petition of Christopher Parker, Esquire, was pre- ciithro# fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at Election, the last Election of a Member of Parliament, to serve for the Borough of Clithroe, in Yorkshire, in the room of Thomas Stringer, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner was duly elected, and was returned by Thomas Dugdale,

Gentleman, one of the Bailiffs; but Daniel Harvey,

Esquire, procured Ambrose Pudsey, Esquire, the other Bailiff, to return him by Indenture to the Writ, though he refuted to return the Petitioner, or to cast up the Poll, though earnestly required so to do; and he polled several Persons for Mr. Harvey, who had no Right to poll, and used other illegal Practices at the Election, to the Petitioner's Prejudice, and hath returned Mr. Harvey, who procured many Votes by Bribery: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House (according to Order) called over; and Call of the the Names of such Members, as made Default to appear, House. were taken down: Whose Names, being again called over; some of them were excused, upon account of Sickness; some in the Country; and others in Town; and some upon account of extraordinary Business in the Country.

A p.d

*3 6

140 — 15° — 16°

A. iyo5.

And the House being informed, that several of the Members, who did not appear, were upon the Road;

Ordered, That all such Members, who did not appear this Day, upon the Call, and were not excused, do attend the Service of the House upon Seven-

night.

Ordered, That the House be called over again upon this Day Month; and that such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Poor Relief. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, was committed, be made upon 7 Morning

next.

£*es ®'x Ordered, That Sir Hen. Bunbury, Sir Barth.

Chancery. Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Tooke, Mr. Swift, Mr.

Mr. Dodson, Mr. Dislcn, Mr. Bttrridge, Mr. Rice, Mr. Henley, Mr. Herne, be. added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks in Chancery, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die j

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

Luftring a PETITION of the royal Luftring Company was ompany. presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

that the Petitioners have been encouraged by several Acts of Parliament to carry on, and improve, the Lullring Manufacture here, which were formerly made in and by two Acts of Parliament, made in the 8th and 10th Years of the Reign of the late King William, the Importation of all French Luftrings and Alatnodes was prohibited, and all, that were seized, or forfeited, were to be exported; but by an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France, the said Acts seem to be superseded; for that about 30 Pieces of French Luftrings, seized, and forfeited, by virtue of the said former Acts, were lately sold at the Custom-house, to be worn in England, to the great Prejudice of the said Company, if the like Practice be continued: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Ashwfi, Sir Tho.

Jler, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Havers, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mr.

Monjon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mr.

Heysham, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Peynett, Mr. Rudge, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. harne, Mr. Brewer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

omitted thereout; which lying intermixt with the rest, the Purchasers have refused to proceed therein, unless that Omission be supplied: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rectifying the Mif-take, and supplying the DefeCls in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Monjon and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for continuing and settling upon John Duke Duke of of Marlborough, and his Posterity, the Pension of Five Marl-thousand Pound per Annum, already granted by her Annuity Majesty, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, are already limited, and settled, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill of,-n[(e, ,ut for rendering more effectual the Act, passed in the First of Queen'* Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Ueuell> &c* better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons; and that Mr. King, Mr. Gwyn, and Mr.

Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Translations of the Prussian and Hessian Treaties be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progreis in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Cornxvall, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Fee* of Six

Arundell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Cjerks in Petition of the Six Clerks in Chancery, is referred: And ancery" all, that come, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Sir Pincent Charnock, Sir 'Thomas York Parker, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Regi^T*

Lord Pawlet, Sir Hen. Liddall, Mr. Wentworth, Mr.

Digby, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dryden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for lnrolment of Bargains and Sales within the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Baines' A Petition of the Right honourable Estate. one of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council in Ireland, Mary Baines and Mary Widows, Trustees for the Payment of the Debts, and raising Portions for the younger Children, of Edward Baines, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Edward Baines conveyed certain Lands in Hert-fordfldre to the Petitioners, in Trull, to pay his Debts, and maintain, and raise Portions for, his Children, who are Infants; for the better Execution of which Trust, an Act passed, in the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate of the said Edward Baynes; but some small Parcels of the Premisses were, by Millake,

23

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 160 die Januarii',

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A B I L L for Sale of Part of the Estate of Wm. Potts, i\. for discharging of his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved,

Pott'*

Estate.

5 Ann. i 6° Jama fit.237

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preftoa A Petition of Henry Fleetwood, Esquire, was presented Election, to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, and Arthur Manwarin Esquire, were Candidates

at the last Elect.ion of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County of caster, in the room of Edward Rigby, Esquire, deceased; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, though many corrupt Practices were used, to get Votes for Mr. Man; and by the Partiality of the Mayor, and one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, Mr. Manwaring is returned, in prejudice to the Petitioner, and the Rights of the Borough: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

tyeftmorland Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Westmorland, in the room of Henry Grahme, Esquire, deceased.

Fees of Six Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions

Clerks in of the Six Clerks, and of the sworn Clerks, are referred, Chancery. jjave Power to fit de die in diem.

Duke of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into

Marlbo- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con-rough's tinuing and settling upon John Duke of Marlborough, and nnm y* j,js p0fterity, the Pension of 5,000 per Annum, already granted by her Majesty, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of arid

House of Blenheim, are already limited, and settled.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the lame, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Tigh's Nat. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Tigb; to which they Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ar.d then the Messengers withdrew.

Newfound-' Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay land Fishwy. before this House, a State of the Newfoundland Trade, in relation to the Fishery.

Mr. Secretary Harley presented to the House, fade with A Representation from the Lords Commissioners of Finders. Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade with

Flanders:

And, Extracts of Letters from Mr. Stepney, her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary at relating to Trade.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Representation, and Extracts, are as follow; viz.

The laid Representation.

To the Queen's most excellent Majesty:

May it please your Majesty:

IN Obedience to your Majesty's Commands, signified to us by the Right honourable Mr. Secretary that

we should examine several Extracts, and Papers, received by him from Mr. Stepney, your Majesty's Minister then.

Vol. 15.

at Bruxells, relating to the opening and erico'uraging the Trade with Flanders-, and consider, what may be done therein, either by your Majesty alone, or by your Majesty in Parliament;

We have been attended by divers Merchants, and have examined several Particulars in that Trade, and especially the repealing the Act, prohibiting the Import of Bone Lace from Flanders; and do find, that the said Prohi-' bkion of their Lace having occasioned a like Prohibition of our Woollen Manufacture, it would be very advantageous to our Trade, that the Act be repealed; as, on the other side, the taking off the said Prohibition of Lace from Flanders will be very acceptable to the PecK pie of that Country: Upon which we humbly offer, that the Parliament, by an Act, passed in the nth and 12th of his late Majesty's Reign, did provide, that at the End of three Months, to commence from the Time of taking off the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, a former Act, made in the 9th and 10th Year of his said Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " rendering the Laws more effectual, for preventing the " Importation of foreign Bone Lace," should be repealed; but upon Consideration hereof, and the Opinion of your Majesty's Attorney General, it appearing unto us, that the said last mentioned Act would be in no wife sufficient, for allowing the Importation of Bone Lace from Flanders, unless another Act, made in the 13th and 14th of King Charles the 2d, intituled, "An Act pro-' " hibiting the Importation of foreign Bone Lace, Cutwork, Embroidery, Fringe, Band-strings, Buttons, and " Needle-work," be likewise repealed;

We are thereupon most humbly of opinion, that, whereas the States of the Spanish Low Countries have already taken off the Prohibition of our Woollen Manu* fasture there, in Expectation, that the Trade of their Bone Lace be likewise opened, it will be for your Majesty's Service, and a great Encouragement of the Woollen Trade of England, that both those Acts afore-mentioned be together repealed, and that the Importation of Bone Lace from Flanders be permitted, under a moderate Duty; wherein we are the more confirmed by a Computation, that the Value of Bone Lace, which was formerly imported from thence yearly into England, did not exced £. 30,000 Sterling; whereas by an Estimate made of English Goods, imported into the Spanish Low Countries in the Year 168 r, it does appear, that they amounted to £. 400,000 Sterling, and that the Woollen Manufacture alone did amount to £. 160,000 Sterling; by which your Majesty may please to judge, how advantageous it will be to your Majesty's Subjects, that the Trades between England and Flanders be mutually' laid open.

As to other Particulars, and chiefly that of settling the Tariff, or Book of Rates, which has been lately renewed in Flanders, in favour of your Majesty's Subjects, as it flood in the Year 1680, and also the altering the Book of Rates in England, mentioned by Mr. Stepney, in reference to fbme Parts of the Trade from,

we have consulted the Merchants, concerned therein, who have wrote to their Correspondents, on several Heads, and are expecting their Answer thereunto;

We are therefore humbly of opinion, that at present the repealing the Acts before mentioned be offered to the Consideration of the Parliament, if your Majesty shall so think fit, as a Matter of great Importance to the Trade of this Nation.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Dartmouth,

Ph. Meadows,

fVm.

John,

Mat. Prior.

Extracts of Letters from Mr. Stepney, her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary at Brussels, relating to Trade,

3 O,

Whitehall, December 4th, 1706.

Trade with FlancUr*.

238 160 Januarii. 1706.

Whitehall, nth November, 1706.

Copy.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I fend you Ext rafts of Mr. Stepney's Letters to me, of the 4th, 9th, and 16th, Instant, N. S. together with the Tariff, or Book of Rates, in Flanders, in the Year 1700, marked A; Copies of a circular Letter, from the President and Chamber of Accounts there, to the Officers of the several Tolls, marked likewise A j of an Order of the said Chamber to the Cudom-house Officers at Oft end, to permit 17 Rnglifti Vessels, laden with Cloth, to proceed to Bruges, marked B; a Declaration from the said Chamber, that the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures is taken off, marked C; a Memorial of the Deputies of the States General, requiring, that the Tariff of i$8o be renewed; and the said Tariff; both marked D $ the President abovementioned his Objections to that Tariff, marked E; a second Memorial of the Deputies of the States, infilling on the Tariff of 1680; marked p; an Order of the President and Chamber of Accounts above named, pursuant to the Memorials of the States Deputies, marked G; and a new Regulation, concerning the Duties to be paid for Woollen Manufactures, imported into the Spanish Netherlands, marked H: All which Extracts, and Papers, are transmitted to you, for your Consideration, and Opinion, how far it is in her Majesty's Power to open that Trade, as desired, without laying those Particulars before the Parliament; and at the same time you are to make a Report, of what you think proper to be laid before the Parliament, for the Advantage of the English Trade. I most also desire, that you will return all those Papers to me, together with your Report, as soon as you can conveniently. I am.

My Lords and Gentlemen, your most humble Servant,

C. Hedges.

I allbfend you, inclosed, an Account of the Import of Goods and Merchandizes into the Spanish Netherlands, marked X; which you will likewise be pleased to return me.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stepney to Mr. Secretary Hedges, dated at Brujfells, 4 November, 1706.

I received, some Days ago, the Honour of your Letter of the 8th pall, but have forbore acknow-leging it, till I had informed myself, in the bed manner 1 could, according to your Directions, what Progress has been made in these Provinces, towards renewing the Commerce between her Majesty's Dominions and these Countries.

I am now to assure you, that the Magistrates and People of Brabant and Flanders seem to desire nothing more passionately, than the opening such a Trade; which Blelfing the y hope to receive from her Majesty 3 Goodness, as they on all Occasions gratefully acknowlege their Deliverance to be chiefly owing to her Miajedys Power.

They have already made the most essential Step toward this Intercourse, by taking off the Prohibition of our Woollen Manufactures, as well as of our other Commodities; which Circumstances I perceive was not yet come to your Knowlege, though Orders were issued- to . that Purpose, on the 7th of June last, by a cir-

cular Letter from the Ptefidtent and Chamber of Accounts here to the Officers of the several; Tolls, that they should receive the usual Duties, according to the Tariffs and'Ordinances of 1700, which were in Force to the Day of his late Catholick Majesty's Death; which short and general Terms they judged' to be a sufficient Publication, that the Trade is opened into these Parts, n In consequence whereof I am to acquaint you, that Eight Days ago 17 English Vessels, laden with ploth and other of our Merchandizes, entered-at Ostend, and have been allowed' to proceed1 towards- How-

ever, to avoid all dark and equivocal Expressions, I desired the President of the Chamber to give me a

P more dear and authentic Declaration, which you

find in the Paper here inclosed; whereby there is no doubt, but the Trade is redored, and our Merchants are now to examine, whether the Tariff be according to their Wish.

The States General objected against that of 1700 D ‘ above mentioned, JubLit. A; and their Deputies

here proposed, the Regulation of 1680 should be observed, and that all Innovations, made since that Time, might cease, and be abolished.

£ The President endeavoured to prove, that Tariff was both improper, and prejudicial to these Countries: However, the Dutch Deputies infided there-

F. upon, by a 2d Memorial; whereby the President

G. was obliged, the Day following, to publish the fame, at their Desire; and, upon that Footing their Commerce remains at present, except in the Article of Draperies, the Value thereof not being taxed equally enough, pj and in proportion to their several Degrees, by the

Tariff of 1680. A new Ordonance has been pub-liflied here, in that Particular, by the Council of State and Finances, referring to the Rates, settled by-a former Tariff of 1669.

I am now to acquaint you, what the Magistrates and People of these Countries expect, for the Advantage of their Commerce in her Majesty's Dominions: id, That the drift Prohibition of their Laces be taken off;

2. That their Manufactures of Damask. Diapers, and other Linens, which, since the Reign of King Charles the ad of England, have been charged with such heavy Duties, as amount to a Prohibition, may be entered at the same Rates with the Linens, imported from France and Germany: 3. That the Duties on Tapedry may be likewise lowered. There are some other Merchandizes, and Commodities, of the Growth of these Countries, such as Camblets, raw and wrought Silks, Fudians, Hops, &V. which might be received more favourably j but of these I shall make no further mention at present.

The fird of these Articles above-mentioned is the mod, material one; to which, I under and, the Parliament has provisionally consented; and I humbly conceive, it may be seasonable, for her Majesty to declare her Pleasure thereupon by an Order in Council, under the Signet to be sent to me in writing, or rather published in the

The other two Articles, arid whatever else shall appear to be of Benefit to both Nations, may be regulated hereafter, at Leisure, when the People, who are most knowing in Trade on each Side, shall have given their Opinion thereupon; whether it be necessary to renew the Treaties of Commerce, made in 1604, and 1630, which lad is thought here most reaforiable; or, to settle a new Tariff, more suitable to the present Juncture, than any of the former; or, ladly, till that be done, that all Goods, imported on both Sides, may be taxed ad valorem, at the rate of Four or Fi veperCent.

Extract of Mr. Stepney's Letter to Mr. Secretary Hedges, 9 November, 1706.

Sir,

Upon, my Arrival lad Night with the Duke of Marlborough, at Rotterdam* I had the Honour to receive yo»r Latter of the 15th pad, with her Majesty's Inductions in general, for my Guidance at Brussells, and, particularly, in- what Delates to the Importation of our Woollen Manufactures into those Provinces; which Point is fully settled, as you. will have feet* by my Letter of the 4th Instant,. and the several Papers which accompanied it; and I am now writing for her Majesty's Declaration, either by Order of Council, or by Proclamation, that the Prohibition of Lace repealed and determined, pursuant to the Act. of Parliament to- that Purpose.

Extract

5 Ann.

i6°- — 17® Vanuatu.

Ext raft of a Letter from Mr. $/r£»<fy'to Mr. Sectetary Hedges, dated at the Hague, 16 November, ']<&.

Sir,

I have very little to write it present: However I would not omit fending you the Specification of the several Commodities, which were imported to the Spamj/b Netherlands in the Year 1681; whereby you will fee, to what Value they received from England, and from other Countries in Proportion; and I believe, you will be of opinion, that England would gain by the Balance, if a free Trade were opened with Flanders and; oft

which I expert her Majesty's further Orders.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said stepre-fentation, and Extracts, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade of this Kingdom.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Suppressing A Bill for suppressing of all new Glass-houses, Brew-Glass-houses, houses, Dying-houses, Melting-houses for Tallow, and Whitehall Pot-houses, erected since the Beginning of this Parliament, within a Mile of any Part of the Palaces of IVkite-ball and St. James's, and for preventing the setting up of such Houses, within the like Distance, for the time to come, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Stat# of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade. whole House, to consider of the Trade of this Kingdom. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Duvers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mi. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee, that they had made feme Progress in the Matter to therti referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom} and nothing to intervene.

Luftring Ordered, That Sir kV St. Sir Charles Turner, Company. Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Mr. Oockminique, Sir Wm.

Htifiler, Sir Jam. Mount ague, Mr. Ett crick Mr. Wynne, be added to tire Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Lullring Company, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 170 Jantiarii;

Anno 5° Annse Regtnx, 1 706.

Pray bps.

Bodmyn A PETITION of Sir John Leake, Knight, was KfedUon. j£\ pjefented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Death of John Hoblyn, Esquire, a Burgess for Great Bodmyn, in CornVoalt, a Writ issued, for electing a Burgess in his room: That the Election is in the Magistrates, Common-council, and Scotland Lot Men: That, at the Election, the Town Clerk proposed Tho. Hern, Esquire, for their Burgess, and One of the Magistrates proposed the Petitioner; and thereupon the Town Clerk called over the Mayor's Name, and his own, and the Magistrates, and Common-council, of whom Mr. Hern had a Majority; and the Town Clerk directed the Mayor to declare Mr. Herne ele&edy and immediately hurried out of the Hall, without taking any Votes of the Scotland Lot Men, although they desired to poll for the Petitioner; yet their Names, to the Number of 80, were taken down; by whom, and the Magistrates, that voted for the Petitioner, he had a great Majority, and ought to have been returned; and, to that End, an Indenture, Yot. U>.

subscribed by the Petitioner's Voters, Wks tendered to the Mayor, to be annexed to the Precept; but he refuted thv fame, and hath returned Mr. Hern, in wrong to the Petitioner, and the ancient Rights of the said Borough: And praying, that the House will examine the Premises, and give such Relief, as shall be thought thoet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, Jand report the fame, within their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas May, Knight, waspresented May's to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Iriden- Eftat*. tune, dated the 1 Oth of June, 1675, made by the Pe-tioner's Father, John May, upon the Petitioner's Marriage with his UCw Wife Ann, the Manor or Lordship of Rawmere, and other Premisses, in Essex, are settled to thfe tJfe of the said John, for Life, and after to the Petitioner, for Lite, and after to Trustees, to preserv contingent Remainders, with divers Remainders over, to other Persons; and their llfue Male, and With the lait Remainder to the right Heirs of John for ever: That he is dead, and the Petitioner is his only Son, and Heir, and the other Remainder Men are all dead, without Issue Male, and the Petitioner is how about 76 Years of Age, and his said Wife about 60; so that nothing can obfttudt the Petitioner froth disposing of the said Estate, but the contingent Uses, after the Petitioner's Death, for the Benefit of his Issue, of Which there is no Probability, by reason of his Age: That feme time since the Petitioner conveyed the said Manor, and Premisses, to Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; but the Trustees pretend, they canhot tell the fame, by reason of thfc Limitations in the full Indenture: Ana praying, that Leave ttlay be given to bring in a Rill for removing the Obstructions in the said Indenture mentioned, and to enable the Petitioner, and hisTruftfees, to tell the said' Manor, and Preftiifies, for Payment of the Petitioner's Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Conyers, and Sir Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) repbrted DukeofMarl-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the borough's Bill for continuing and settling upon John Duke of Annuity* borough, and his Pollerity, the Pension of Five thOufend Pound per Annum* already granted by her Majesty, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, jn like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honout and Manor of Woodflock and House of are

already lirpited and settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An Amendment was proposed to be made tb the Bill,

Fo. 5. Line 5. after " and although," to leave out to the Word " confirmed," in the 6th Line, viz. " the said " Duke was not permitted to improve those Advantages, as he intended, yet thisand infteAd thereof to insert,. " all the Advantages were not obtained, which the Duke had proposed to himself from that Success,

" yet it."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereapbn, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill Wris amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill be mgrofied.

Mr. Faff it reported from the Committee, to whom Ncptun# the Bill to ibake the Ffeplu'ne Privateer, a foreign-built Private* Ship, lately bought, as a Wreck, a free Ship, was com- shlP-tnitted; that they had made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where! the feme was twice read,

and.

Importing Wool from Ireland.

Thomas'

Ellate~

Poor Relief.

NevilPt

Name.

Regulating Six Clerk'* Office.

Regulating

Pawnbrokers.

Regulating

nightly

Watch.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

240 17° — 18°

and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, and other Things, importable from Ireland, from the Ports of Ireland into the River Loyn, within the Port of Lancaster, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir William Ashurst (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children -, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late Ralph Lord Grey, deceased, by his last Will gave the Petitioner divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Premisses, for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, upon their taking upon themselves the Name of Grey: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to change his Surname of Nevill to Grey, according to the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Hampden and Mr. Nevill do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Six Clerks Office, and for the better keeping the Records there; and that the Lord William Rowlett, Mr. Harvey, and Sir Jof. Jekyll, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Pawnbrokers; and that Sir Humphry Mack-worth and Sir Henry Dutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberties of Westminster was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better regulating the nightly Watch j which, the Petitioners conceive, will greatly prejudice them; and that they do not want any new Law, such as the said Bill seems to prescribe; for that they have already sufficient Laws, for the good Government of the City of fter, and punishing any neglect in the Watch; and since the last Session of Parliament such new Regulations have been made in their Watch, and so many House-breakers convicted, that they do not apprehend themselves in any Danger: And praying, that the said City and Liberties may be exempted out of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine into the Abuses, relating to, or arising from, an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts;

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Hey-sham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mr.

Moyfer, Mr. Peyton, Mr. A, Mr. Monfton, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Pernon, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lowther, Sir Cha.. Bloys, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Wm. Hodges, Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Moor, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ash, Mr. Wentworth, Nix. Pelham, Mr.

Januarii. A. 170

Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Plimtree, Sir Rushout Cullen,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. JeJfop, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Pole, Mr. Herne, Mr. Wollaston, Sir Fra. Mafttam,

Colonel King, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Hen.

Colt and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and alt the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and Traders, on Fraud* by behalf of themselves, and others, in and about the City Bankrupt*, of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding a late Act, to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts, there are still carried on divers notorious Frauds (and it may be feared) wilful Perjuries, and secret Evasions of the said Law, to the manifest Prejudice of Trade, and the endangering of the Nation's Credit both at home and abroad.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pa(rage ;nt<r enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace Yard, New Palace through the Gatehouse at Westminster , and that Sir Yard-Henry Dutton Colt and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Subsidy of Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Order, that the Duke o{ Papers, relating to the Fifty thousand Pounds for the Savo>'» &c* Duke of Savoy, and to the^. 47,500 a Loan to the Emperor, as also the Particulars of the £. 63,661. 131. 6 for the Pay, Levy-money, and Contingencies, for the Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Rivers, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had nude a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Hum. Mackworth, Sir 7 - Luftrinsr

worth, Mr. Cox, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Churchill, Sir Sam. Company. Garrard, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Parker, Mr. Snell, Mr.

Mordant, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18* die Januarii;

Anno 50 Annte Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tigh's Nat. for naturalizing John Tigh, was read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Jones and Luke Philips, Gentle- York men, sworn Officers for the Inrolment of Bargains and Kegiftry.

Sales

Duke of Marlborough's Annuity,

Cherill Kill iioads.

Woollen, Sec. Manufactures.

Mead's

Estate/.

Poor Relief.

c

5 Ann. 18a Januarii. 341

Sales, Deeds, and other Writings, in the high Court of Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Letters Patents, of the 16th of Queen Eliz. the then Six Clerks, and Clerks of the Petty Bag, were incorporated, by the Name of Clerks of In raiment in the high Court of Chancery, for ever, with Power to appoint their Deputies, to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper: That the Petitioners have been duly elected, and approved, and have executed the said Office, without any Complaint': That there is a Bill in the House, for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, within the West Hiding of the County of York, with the Register there, lately provided; which will greatly prejudice the Petitioners Office: And praying to be heard against the Bill.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing and settling upon John Duke of Marlborough, and his Posterity, the Pension of Five thousand Pound per Annum, already granted by her Majesty, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of and

House of Blenheim, are already limited, and settled, was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and, that the Title be. An Act for settling upon John Duke of Marlborough, and his Posterity, aPension ot Five thousand Pounds Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and tire Honour and Manor of and House of

Blenheim, are already limited, and leu led.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing the Highway from the Top of rill Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts-, and that Mi. Duckett, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Momp-Jfon, and Mr. Baynttm ,do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth. Sir Geo. Beaumont. Mr. Harvey, Mr Clayton, Mr. Weld, Mr. Booth, Mr. Compton Mi. A evil I, Mr. Bolt eel, Colonel Strangzvays, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Sir John

Mor daunt. Sir Edw. Norreys, Sir , Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Lee, Lord Sir John GuiJ'e, Sir

Chum. Deering, Mr. Ward, Y\x. Sir Edward Turner,

Sir Robert Edenand all, that serve for the Counties of

York and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that th y have Power to receive Clauses, for the making the former Act more effectual.

Mr. Southwell (according^ to Order) presented to the House,- a* Bui for Relief of'Sir John Mead, of the-Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Batonet j and the same was

received;

Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) reported ~tr in the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, was commit-: ted, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; winch be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, Tint the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Mary Marks, Widow, Relidt, and Exe- Mark*' cutrix of the last Will and Testament, of Richard Marks, ^ltate' Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, and Richard , eldest Son, and Heir, of the said Richard Marks, deceased, for and on behalf of themselves, and of the other Children, and of several Creditors of the said Richard Marks, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Richard Marks died seised in Fee of the Manor of West bury, and other Estate, in the County of Southampton, and made his Will, and thereby gave his said Wife £ 1.000, and his Son Richard£.500, above what he had before given him, and to the rest of his Children, being five Infants, ^1,000 a-piece: That, by a Supplement to his Will, he appointed certain Trustees, to fee Lis Will executed; and thereby took notice of several Incumbrances, and a Mortgage, to which his Estate was liable, w'ell knowing, his personal Eftare was not sufficient to pay his Debts j and it appears by the said Will, and Supplement, that his Intention was, to make his real Estate subject to supply the Deficiency of his personal Estate, towards Payment of his Debts, and Legacies; but for want of proper Words in the Will, and Supplement, the same cannot be made liable, nor the Estate fold; lb that it will be eaten up by the Incumbrances, Taxes, and Repairs, and the Petitioners be destitute of Maintenance: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Manor of Westbury, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Testator, and applying the Fefidue of the Purchase-money for the Benefit of his Widow and Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Wm. Powlett and Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Mercers, and Traders in the Silk Luftring Manufacture, in behalf of themselves, and other Dealers Company, in the said Goods, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have always encouraged the Vent of EnglishLuftrings and Alamodes; but People coveting French Luftring, such l'ersons, as have dealt therein, have had the Advantage of the Petitioners, in not only vending smuggled Goods, but by that means putting off English Luftrings, as French; whereby the Petitioners, who have had a due Regard to the Laws for suppressing the Consumption of French Luftrings and Alamodes, are greatly prejudiced in their Trades: That the Acts for encouraging the making Luftrings in England, have been executed contrary to the plain Meaning thereof, in Prejudice of the English Manufacture, and the Petitioners: That the Petitioneis have something to offer, for the Advantage of the English Manufacture, as also of themselves: And praying, that they may be heard before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company, is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Corrupting night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Juror*, upon the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld, Mr. A, Mr. Wevill, Mr. Fees of Six Robert Lorother, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Am//, junior, Mr. Clerk* in Lowther, be added to the Committee, to whom the Chancery. Petition of the Six Clerks in Chancery, is referred.

And then the House adjourned tiH Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

P

Elfon's

Estate,

Nevill'a

Name.

Mead's

Estate,

Importing Wool from Ireland.

Ditto.

242 20° Januarii. 170

Lutice, 200 die Januarii;

Anno 50 Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A PETITION of William an Infant, Son and Heir of William ElJ'onlate of , in the County of Sussex, Esquire, deceased, by Jane , his Grandmother, and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Wm. Elfon, the Father, was seised in Fee of divers Lands and Tenements in Sussex and Southampton, and at his Death left three Infant Children, made his Will, and devised all his real and personal Estate to the Petitioner fane, and others, in Trust for his Children, deviling£. 2,500 a-piece to his Daughters, for Portions, and the rest of his Estate to his said Son William, without making any Provision for Payment of Debts: That he owed upon Mortgages, and Bonds, £. 6,516, and a long Arrear of Interest, be-fideSjf. 1,959 upon limple Contracts, and Book Debts, and his personal Estate amounted but to£. 1,261, which is not sufficient to pay the Book Debts,. the Creditors by Specialties inlist to be paid out of the real Estate; which cannot be done, without felling some Part thereof, and no Sale can be made, by reason of the Petitioner's Infancy: That the speedy Payment of the said Debts will be an Advantage to the Infant Petitioner, whose Estate will otherwise be reduced by a continued Interest: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees to fell such Part of the Petitioner's Father's Estate, as will be sufficient to pay his Debts on Specialities with Interest.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Toke and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Hampden (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Esquire, to change his Surname of Nevill to Grey; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Baronet, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and Traders, of the Borough of Preston in Amondernesse, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and

read j setting forth, that the House having ordered a Bill to be brought in, for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-docks, and other Things, importable from ,from the Ports of Ireland into the River Loyn, within the Port of Lancaster, the Petitioners apprehend, the same will be a considerable Advantage to Trade in those Parts: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie tpon the Table, Until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Leeds, in the County of York, and of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Inhabitants, in and about the fame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Importation of Wool, and all the Manufactures thereof, from Ireland, are by Act of Parliament restrained to the Ports of Riddiford, Barnstaple,

Bridgwater, Milford, Chester, and Liverpool, only: That the Distance of those Ports from Leeds is a great Disadvantage to their Manufactures, and Lancaster would be more convenient for them: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, and other Things, importable from Ireland, from the Ports of Ireland into the River Loyn, within the Port of Lancaster,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Inha- Importing bitants, in and about the Towns of Keighley, in the Wo°l fron» County of York, Colne, Burnley, and the Neighbourhood *reland* of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, and other Things, importable from Ireland, from the Ports of Ireland into the River Loyn, the same will be a great Improvement and Advantage to the Woollen Trade in these Parts, and be a Means to employ the Poor, who are grown burthen-some, through a Decay of Trade there: And praying, that the said Bill may pass the House.

Ordered, That the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table, till the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Clothiers, and Ditto, Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Bradford, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the importing of Wool, and Wool-flock, is a great Advantage to the Woollen Manufacture here; but that the great Distance the Petitioners are at from the Ports, into which, by an Act of 10 and 11 Willielmi', 3", the Importation thereof only is allowed,

renders it less beneficial to them, because of the Charge in Carriage: That Lancaster is much nearer, and more convenient for the Petitioners, than the tolerated Ports:

And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the importing Ir'tfhWool, and other importable Commodities, from thence, into the Port of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, and other Things, importable from Ireland, from the Ports of Ireland into the River Lwithin the Port of Lancaster, be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to make the Neptune Privateer, a Neptune foreign-built Ship, lately bought as a Wreck, a free Ship, Privateer was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to make the Ship, called the Neptune Privateer,

(a foreign-built Ship) lately bought as a Wreck, a free Ship.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for Liberty to import Wool, Wool-flocks, and importing other Things, importable from Ireland, from the Ports of Wool from Ireland into the River Loyn, within the Port of Lancaster, Ireland-was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for, he Yea, }

TeUenforrheNoe^r.^.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Rye Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election, Port of Rye, be received upon 7 'hurfMorning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ciither* Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for Election. the Borough of Clithero, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Harley reported to the House, that Answer to their Address, of Friday last, relating to the Money to Addr*fe* the Duke of Savoy, the Emperor, and Particulars of the £. 63,661. 13 s. 6 d.for the Expedition under the Earl

of Rivers, having been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that (he would give Directions to the several

Offices

Spanish

Troops*

Supply.

Poor Rtliof.

Fees of Six Clerks in Chancery.

5 Ann. 200- — 21" Januarii. 243

Offices concerned, that those Things should be laid before this House, as soon as possible.

Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that her Majesty

had been pleased to command him to lay before them, An Account of the Charge of maintaining 6,360 Men, of the King of Spain's Troops, for Six Months, and other necessary Expences attending the said Troops, as also for the Support of the said King, and his Retinue.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

J

/* For the Pay of a Body of four ( Regiments, of 500 Men in each, 5 c and other necessary Allowances for X j them, and the Officers thereunto ^.belonging ..

r For the Pay of a Body of Foot, of four Regiments, of 1,000 Men in each, with four Companies of I Grenadiers, ofninety Men in each, and other necessary Allowances for them, and the Officers thereunto belonging For Waggon and Baggage Money for the said Troops, and for defraying the Charge of providing some necessary Stores of Ordnance, and answering other incident Expences relating to them ——

To the King of Spain, for the Support of his Majesty, of his Court, Stable, and Baggage, and of his Life-guard of one Hundred Horse -

Total -

For six Months.

48,322 4 —

45>7°3 ——

15,974 16 —

40,000 — —

150,000 — —

II. St. John.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Orders of the Day being read Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, and read, For ascertaining a legal Settlement of the Poor j

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir John Packington, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Curfon, Mr. Snell, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Mr. Roll, Mr. Dyott, Colonel Stanley, Sir Cha. Turner, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

VOI>. Id.

Martis, °2i die Janu;

Anno 5® Ann® Regin®, 1706.

Praters.

A PETITION of Benjamin Nicoll, Citizen, and Nicoll'*D*bt late Merchant, of London, was presented to the to th. Crown. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner hath for many Years been a great Importer of Wines here, and other Commodities, for all which (except Wines) he paid the Duties in ready Money, amounting to many thousand Pounds: That all his Bonds for Wine Duties before the 10th of April, 1702, are discharged, and, since that Time his Bonds standing out amount to £.,3995 6r. 8 d. and no more: That, when he failed, and, since, the Commissioners of the Customs have, by Extent, and otherwise, reduced his Debtto about£.2,000.

That by the Petitioner's Losses in Shipping, Merchandize, Correspondents, and Shopkeepers breaking, he has, within four Years last, loft above £. 15,000, and he is now a Prisoner in the Fleet, and he, and his Sureties, are prosecuted on the Bonds (though they are Persons of mean Circumstances) and in danger to be ruined; and the Petitioner hath nothing left, to maintain himself, and eight Children; yet hopes, by the charitable Contributions of Friends and Relations, to pay some Part of the Debt due to the Crown, if he, and his Sureties, may be admitted to a Composition: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner, and his Securities, for the Debt by him owing to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pulteney and the Lord Coningsby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all, that come to the Committee, to Fees of Six whom the Petitions of the Six Clerks, and sworn Clerks, £!erk‘ *n are referred, have Voices. Chancy.

Ordered, That Mr. Tuberville, the high Constable of Collection* the City and Liberties of Westminster, do lay before this for nightly House, a true and exatt Account of what Monies have Watch* been collected from the In habitants by the petty Constables, Head boroughs, and Beadles, of the several Parishes within the said City and Liberties, under pretence of Watch Money, from Michaelmas, 1705, to Michaelmas,

1706, together with the Number of Watchmen.

A Bill for Sale of several Messuages, Tenements, and ciiarlton'* Lands, in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Eftat*. Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esquire, deceased, and applying the Monies, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, or Lincoln, to be settled to the like Uses, as the said Lands in the said County of Montgomery are now settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

Sir 2 "ho.Powys, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lord Co

ningsby, Lord Granby, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Turk, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Winjian-ley. Sir Henry Lyddall, Mr. Rowney, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Vincent, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Mason, Mr. Strode, Mr. Pedley, Mr. voyn, Mr. Verney; and all, that serve for the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill'* Nevill, Esquire, to change his Surname of to Grey, Nam*, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Foley, Mr. York, Mr. Neville, Sir Richard Sanford, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Stockdale, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Mr. Free-

man, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr.

.'Hertford

Hoads.

Woollen

Manufacture.

t

Kich's

Charities.

Thom as' Estate.

244 21° — 22'

Mr. Barker; and all, that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Berks, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, af Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Act, formerly made, for the repairing Highways in the County of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir JVm. Strickland, Mr. Monson,

Mr. Naylor, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Toke,

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Rob inf on, Mr. Conyers, Serjeant Hooper, Lord Powlett, Mr. Mr. Dyott,

Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Ameftey, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cal-throp, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hie cocks, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Lee ;and all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, Huntington, York, Lincoln, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge-makers, Wool-COtnbers, and others, in the Town of and

Places adjacent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Jetting forth, that there is a

treat and visible Decay of the Trade in the Woollen lanufactures, and Hard ship upon the poor Workmen therein, either for want of their usual Employment, or their low Wages, greatly occasioned by the great Encouragement given for the Importation of Yarn, and Worsteds, which latter is brought in vast Quantities, and entered at the Custom-house as Bay or Woollen Yarn, whereby it pays but a very small Duty, and mull at all Times undersell what is made in England; and, unlei's a Way be found out, to make the Petitioners at a Par with Ireland, a great Branch of their Trade will be ruined: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

- And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Earl of

Dyfert, Sir Hen. Colt, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sccbell, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Bridges, Lord Copings by, Mr.

Strode, Mr. Cox, Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Brewer, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Colonct Colchester, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Bere, Mr. Chandler-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Devon, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Rich, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner has occasion to settle a Charity of £.2,000. And prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling a Charity of £. a,oooo, given by the Will of Dame Rich, Widow, deceased, upon Lands in the County of Berks, and discharging other Lands, in the County of Worcester, from the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Nevill and Mr. Cox do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be committed to Sir burst, Sir Francis Maffam, Sir Edward Lawrence, Sir Hopton Williams, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Wallis, Sir Harvey Elwes, Mr. Bacon, Ml-. Gould, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Mr Mr.

Pole, Mr. Skippon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Windsor, Mr.; Johnson, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Papillw, Mr. Wkitchcott, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Monson, Mr.

24

Januariu 1706.

Sir Tho. Davail, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Jof. Tredenbatn, Mr.

Shepperd, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Lord Pdzvlett, - Mr. Fox,

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Carr; and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, &n<I Cities London and Westminster ? And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That an Account of the Incomes and IRues, Incomes at the Exchequer, from Michaelmas, 1705, to Michael- an<1 Iliue3 mas, 1706, be laid before this House.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the collegiate Regulating Church of St. Peter, Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are a c informed, there is a Bill in this House, for the better regulating the nightly Watch; which, the Petitioners conceive, as the same is now framed, may be prejudicial to their ancient Rights: And praying, that their Liberty of Westminster, and their ancient Rights, may not be prejudiced by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a State of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Trade, the Trade of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speake* resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee,

that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Davers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, lefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to' consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a dock.

Merciiriiy 220 diejanuarii;

Anno 5* Anna: Ileginse, 1706.

AYERS.

MR. Aiflaby (according to Order) presented to the Lifter'* House, a Bill for Sale of the Manor of Estate.

and several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements,- and Hereditaments, in Craven, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher L Esquire, deceased,

and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said pher Lifter, and discharging a Mortgage of the fejcl mas Lifter-, and the feme was received.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom Kevin* the Bill to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Kame. Nevill, Esquire, to change his Surname of Nevill to Grey, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and.. ..

that the Committee had directed him to report the same ' . to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hungerford be at Liberty Steyning to withdraw his Petition, touching the ElctSbion for the Election. Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suft'ex.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Pott's

Potts, for discharging of his Brothers and Sifter's Por- Euat«.

tions, and his Debts, and for confirming his . Marriage

Settlement,

5 Ann.

i 2° Janu

345

Puriishing

Vagrants.

Lifter's

Estate.

Succours to Luke of Savoy.

Settlement, as to the residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Winstanley, Sir John D, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Nevill, Mr. Forfter, Mr. Dry den, Lord , Mr.

Rowney, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Ogle, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Digby, Colonel Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Role, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Cook; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Durhamand York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the nth and nth Years of the late King William (For the more effectual Pun'lhment of Vagrants, and fending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent) which was continued, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, until the *4th Day of June next j and for making the said Acts more effectual; and that Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

A Bill for Sale of the Manor of Swinden, and several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Craven, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifter, Esquire, deceased, and after,

of Thomas Lifter, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher and discharging a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lifter, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Harley presented to the House,

A Copy of Count Brianfon's Memorial, March 31st. 1706; and a Translation of the same:

Answer to Count Briangon's Memorial, April 2d, 1706:

Translation of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Harley to Count Briangon, Envoy Extraordinary from the Duke of Savoy, dated April 2d, 1706:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Harley to the Lord Treasurer, April 13th, 1706:

Copy of Count Gallas's Memorial, of 1705:

Translation of a Memorial to her Majesty from the Imperial Envoy, August 24th, 1705:

Answer to Count Gallas's Memorial, August 29th, 1705:

Translation of the Answer of Count s Memorial,

of August 29th, 1705.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Translations of the said Memorials, Answers, and Letters, are as follow }

Translation of Count Briangon' % Memorial,

March 31, 1706.

Madam,

THE underwritten Envoy Extraordinary of Savoy has received Orders from his Royal Highness, his Matter, to inform your Majesty of the deplorable Condition, to which he is reduced, and the imminent and unavoidable Danger of seeing himself belieged in his Capital, not only with a Number of Troops quite disproportioned to the Defence of it, but, what is (till worse, intirely ex-haufted of Money, which is the rr.oft certain and effectual Means of sustaining the Siege long enough, to give the Time, which is necessary, for the Arrival of those Succours, which your Majesty's generous Goodness has been pleased to provide, in order to put Prince Eugene in a Condition to act.

He has ordered me most humbly to represent to your Majesty the prodigious Expences, and extraordinary Efforts, he has been obliged to make in all the Fortifications, that he has raised, and which 'tis necessary to keep

up, without Intermission, in so many different Places, and at so great a Charge; by the Maintenance, the Pay, and Subsistence, which he has furnished the Imperial Troops, ever ftnee their coming into Piedmont, and Hill actually fumilhes to the Remainder of them, without which they would absolutely perish, being so intirely abandoned, as they have been, by the Imperial Court; nay more, he has remounted Part of their Cavalry, and made the utmost Efforts for recruiting, as much as it was possible, his own Troops; but Money growing scarce, and the Dearness of Provisions increating at whilst there

is Plenty in the Enemies Quarters, the Desertion begins to be very great, and it is impossible to prevent it, but with Money, which he absolutely wants.

He is likewise obliged to get all his Com from Abroad, for the Subsistence, not only of the Troops, but of the People too, there being none in his own Country: as also the Ammunition; and all at excessive Rates.

The small Space of Country he has remaining, is lo ruined by the perpetual Inroads of the Enemies, and the exhorbitant Contributions they exact from it, that he cannot raise any more Imposts, or have the lead: Assistance from it; so that he has no other Support left him, but the Subsidies, which your Majesty is pleased to furnish him, in Conjunction with the States General.

He has hitherto made use of all the Means, that have been in his Power, having borrowed considerable Sums, pawned all his Jewels, and melted down the greaceft Part of his Plate; but now he has no Supply of that Kind remaining; and in the extreme Diffrds he suffers, being forced to redouble his Expences, and provide for lb many different Things, in order to enable himself to re-fist the extraordinary Preparations of the Enemies, and finding himself under an absolute Impossibility of doing it in any Degree, he has recourse to your Majesty's generous Protection, and most earnestly beseechcs you, that you will be pleased to grant him an extraordinary and immediate Subsidy of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, which is the Sum, that is indispensably necessary for him to maintain himself, till the Arrival of the expected Succours.

The signal Marks your Majesty has hitherto given him of your powerful Protection, and the hearty Concern you have been pleased to shew for what regards him, give him a just Assurance, that you will be graciously pleased to let him (till feel the Effects of it, by granting him this new Favour, in the most pressing and most important Occasion, that he ever had, since his Preservation depends upon it, and 'tis the Determination of his Destiny.

I need not enlarge upon the fetal Consequences, that would follow from the intire ruining his Royal Highness, my Matter, which, without this Supply, is unavoidable j and this may not only prevent it, but will render the glorious Efforts, your Majesty makes for the publick Good, extremely useful and advantageous, which by his Destruction would be made ineffectual.

All the solid Reasons, that may be produced to this Purpose, cannot escape your great Wisdom and Penetration; and, besides, your Majesty's great and generous Soul will be engaged by a yet stronger Motive to grant him this Favour, since upon the Resolution, you are pleased to take in this Affair, depends either the Preservation, or the Ruin, of a Prince, who has fecrificed so much for the Service of the Alliance, and whose Con-stancy has been invincible, and above all Temptations, by the settled Confidence, which he has intirely placed in your Majesty's powerful Protection, from whom he thinks himself assured of receiving this generous Assistance, in such extreme and urgent Necessity; which will enable him to give more and more Instances of the inviolable Passion, which he shall always have for the Glory and Interests of your Majesty.

The Count de Briangon,

March31, 1706.

3 Q Translation

Succours to Duke of Savoy.

246 2i° JanuatiL . 1706.

Translation of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Harley to

Count Briancon, Envoy Extraordinary from the Duke

of Savoy, dated April the 2d, 1706.

Sir, Whiteha, the 2d April, 1706.

HER Majesty having thoroughly considered your Me-riiorial, of the 31st past, has commanded me to make you the following Answer:

That the Queen has very much at heart the Interests of his Royal Highness of Savoy, whose unshaken Firm-ness, in the most dangerous State of his Affairs, has so sensibly touched her Majesty, that she is disposed to make the utmost Efforts to succour a Prince, who has shewn his Zeal for the publick Good, in so signal a Manner.

His Royal Highness will have seen, by the Proofs he has already had of her Majesty's Friend ship, that no body could be more concerned at the Misfortunes, that have happened to his Royal Highness, than her Majesty has been.

To support so brave and so faithful an Ally, her Majesty has already this Year remitted 200,000 Crowns for the Army in Italy: Soon after that was done, (lie entered into Treaty with the States General, to maintain Ten thousand Men more for the same Service.

Her Majesty has lately granted a Loan of above a Million of Crowns, for the Payment of the Army under Prince Eugene: She has likewise made pressing Instances to the King of Spain, to fend some Troops to Oneglia; and given Orders to Sir John Leake, to transport them thither.

And since, you have presented another Memorial to her Majesty, deliring her to grant an additional Subsidy of £. 50,000 to his Royal Highness, which is hardly

practicable, according to the Custom of this Country, when the Parliament is not assembled; nevertheless, her Majesty, as an Effect of her Zeal for the Security of the States of his Royal Highness, is willing to advance the said Sum of£. 50,000, reserving to herfelfa Right to de-

duct the said Sum out of the Subsidies, which shall hereafter become due, at such a Time, as the shall judge most proper.

You will be pleased to represent this to his Royal Highness, as a Mark of the great Esteem her Majesty has for his Royal Highness, and the Regard she has for his Alliance.

Copy of a Letter from Mr, Secretary Harley to the Lord Treasurer, April 13 th, 1706.

My Lord, Whitehall, April y, 1706.

THE Count de Briangon, Envoy Extraordinary from the Duke of Savoy, having presented the indofed Memorial Jo the Queen, her Majesty, with the Advice of the Committee of the Lords of the Council, ordered me, in the Absence of Mr. Secretary Hedges, to return an Answer, whereof there is a Copy inclosed.

And I am commanded to transmit both to your Lordship, and to signify her Majesty's Pleasure, for advancing to the Duke of Savoy the Sum of £. 50,000 by way of Anticipation of the Subsidies, which shall grow due to him from her Majesty, as more at large doth appear by the said Answer.

I am, my Lord,

Tour Lordship's, &V.

Ro. Harley.

Translation of a Memorial to her Majesty from the Imperial Envoy, August 24th, 1705.

Madam,

THE underwritten Envoy Extraordinary of his Imperial Majesty has received Orders, by these last Mails, most humbly to represent to your Majesty, that his Imperial Majesty was no sooner entered upon the Government, but he employed his first Care and Application upon the Affairs of Italy; which he found reduced to such a Condition, that, without a speedy Remedy, they must, without fail, be intirely ruined, and the Interest of the common Cause thereby suffer an irreparable Lois; which has obliged his Imperial Majesty, not only

to fend thither immediately a great Number of Recruits, but to order a new Levy, which is to be ready by the End of October next.

But being lately informed by Prince , that,

unless there be two Bodies of Tloops, one on each Side of the Po, it would be impoflibie for him to penetrate into the Heart of the Mi/aueze, since , notwith-

standing all these Recruits, would (till keep the Superiority there; where, on the other Side, if he might ex-pedf, by the Month of October, a good Body of regular Troops, he hoped, by the means of Defcrtions, and Dif-tempers, by which the Enemy's Army suffered very much, to have the Superiority then of his Side, to presently re-establish Affairs in that Country, and to save his Royal Highness of Savoy, whose Ruin, without it, was unavoidable:

His Imperial Majesty, being most sensibly affcdVed, as well with the Condition, to which his said Royal High-ness is reduced, as with the Consequences, that his Ruin would infallibly produce, has resolved to make the utmost Efforts, for preventing so fatal a Blow to the common Cause, and to form, with all Speed, the Body of Troops, which Prince Eugene requires; for which Purpose he makes u(e of the 4,000 Men of the Bifttop of

Wurtjbourg's Troops, and has, for the same End, concluded a Treaty with the Duke of for 1,600

Men; to which his Imperial Majesty will add, besides the Recruits he is raising, as many as he can spare of the Troops in Bavaria: And, since all this cannot make that Body so considerable, as is requisite, his Imperial Majesty has desired the States General to let him have the 4,000 Men of the Duke of Wurtember s, which are in their Pay, for the same Service, which was no sooner asked, than granted by the said States; there being nothing now to be done, but toperfuade the Duke of Wurtemberg to it, to whom Instances have been already made for that Purpose.

With all these Troops his Imperial Majesty hopes to form a Body of about 20,000 Men, and to have it in Italy by the Month of October; but as Experience has but too evidently shewn, that it is not enough to get Troops, if you have not the Means to put them in Motion, and Action, for want of which, it has been seen these last Years, that his Imperial Majesty's new Levies could not befent into Italy, and what is worse, dwindled away as fall as they were made; and his Imperial Majesty, in the Condition he is in at present, deprived of his Revenues of Hungary, of and the

greatest Part of his hereditary Countries, which have been ruined, some by the Bavarians, and others by the Rebels, and not daring to over-charge even the Provinces, that have been exempted from these cruel Invasions, for fear that this Spirit of Sedition, which possesses the Hungarians so much, may not, by the Neighbourhood, be communicated thiiher too; not knowing, where to find a Fund, ready enough, and sufficient, to supply so urgent Expences, as the March of these Troops into Italy, and their acting the re, requires with so much Expedition; he finds himself obliged to have recourse to your Majesty's great Generosity, and that of the States General, desiring you to advance him the Sum of 400,000 Crowns, which his Imperial Majesty promises faithfully and punctually to repay out of the Contributions, which are due to him from the Princes of Italy, and which is a Fund, that cannot fail, as soon as ever there is a Superiority of Forces.

The underwritten Envoy Extraordinary hopes, that, if your Majesty, according to your great Wisdom, will please toconsider the Effort his Imperial Majesty designs to make, and the great Advantage, that may arise from it, you will find, that the desiring of these 400,000 Crowns is in itself a very small Thing, but very important in regard that they are the principal Foundation of the whole l'rojedt: For though all this Reinforcement of the Troops afore-mentioned, or of any other, that might be employed there, were now ready, it would be impoflibie for his Imperial Majesty to find in

his

5 Ann. ii° yanuaS47

his hereditary Countries all the Money, requisite for their March.

Wherefore, as his Imperial Majesty has (b many Proofs of the ardent Zeal, which your Majesty signalizes, upon all Occasions, by such great and generous Efforts for the Advancement of the common Cause, he allures himself, that your Majesty will make no difficulty of granting the Two Thirds of this Sum, for your Part j and at the same Time beseeches, you will employ your most powerful Offices with the States General, that, on their Part, they may agree to the other Third: But the Constitution of their Government not admitting of the Dispatch, which should be given to this Affair, your Majesty is most humbly desired to extend your Zeal and Generosity so far, as to advance the said Two Thirds, in Expectation, that your Interposition with the States General will prove effectual, to whom this ready Compliance of your Majesty's will further serve as an Encouragement, and Example; whereas, if, contrary to all Expectation, your Majesty should think fit to refer yourself to the positive Consent of the said States General, before you please to grant your Part of the Sum, the same Thing would happen, as did two Years ago, when Count Wratijlaii fohcited for a like Sum for , which, for want of the Concurrence of the States General, was not obtained, and reduced Affairs to the Extremity, we fee them in; which is such, that, if the Assistance, which his imperial Majesty now desires, should likewise fail, the Consequences of it would be much more fata!; since, at present, the Question is about intirely re-establishing the Affairs of Italy, and saving his Royal Highness, as it were besieged in his Capital, or the seeing them ruined, past Recovery; whereby France will be in a Condition to employ against the High Allies 120 Battalions, and 160 Squadrons, which it now has in , will ruin all the Benefit of the mighty Victories, which the glorious Arms of your Majesty have obtained, and elude all the Efforts, that can be made for the future.

Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to take into Consideration all these powerful Motives, which the under-witten Minister has the Honour to represent to you, and to return him an Answer, agreeable to the great Desire his Imperial Majesty has to contribute, all that is possible for him, towards the freeing from Oppression a Prince, who, by an unexampled Firmness and Constancy, has deserved so much of the common Cause, and whose Ruin would give a fatal and irreparable Blow to

the publick Interest. Done at , the

1705* Pe""r'

John JVenceJlaus Count de Galias.

Answer to Count Gallas*s Memorial, 29th 1705-

Sir,

THE Queen, having upon all Occasions given Marks of the Regard she has for the Duke of Savoy, will not be wanting to do her utmost to maintain and support a Prince, whose Merit is so much advanced by the Vigour, and Firmness, he has lately shewn against tho common Enemy. The Queen having the refore considered, with a great deal of Attention, your Memorial, dated the 24th Instant, concerning the Succours, necessary for his Royal Highness, her Majesty has commanded me to return you the following Answer:

That her Majesty has already long ago given such Orders, as might have furnished his Imperial Majesty with the Means (had he been pleated to make use of them) to cause the Troops, that are intirely at his own Disposal, to march into Italy, which being nearest that Country, are only capable of being at present useful to his Royal Highness. It was with that View, that her Majesty consented, that the Prussian and Palatine Troops, which were to decamp from the R, to join the Duke of Marlborough, should remain with the Margrave of Baden, to supply the Place of those, that were to be detached from his Army for that of Italy j since they, Vo 1. 15.

being nearest to that Country, might march thither in less Time, and with greater Ease, than any other, and by that Means be in a better Condition to answer the End, for which they were designed j and, as that was the bell Method, for the speedy succouring his Royal Highness, the Allies had reason to hope, that, when those Troops were actually on their March, they should not have been diverted, to serve elsewhere. But the Thoughts of the Imperial Ministers seem to be at present intirely bent upon the War of Hungary; whereas, if they had applied themselves with the same Diligence to the carrying-on that of Italy, the French had been in all likelihood driven out of that Country, which consequently would have brought the War in Hungary to a happy Issue; but*, as Italy is neglected, and left to Chance, there is reason to fear, both those Wars will have the same Faie.

Her Majesty therefore thought, she could not give a better Testimony of the great Esteem she has for the Duke of Savoy, whose constant Zeal and unshaken Firmness have been so conspicuous to all the World, than by concerting proper Measures fur his most speedy and effectual Relief; and her Majesty, after mature Consideration, is of opinion, that nothing can be done byway of Negotiation, for relieving of him this Year: Therefore her Majesty does not doubt, but that his Imperial Majesty will give the necessary Orders, that such of his Troops as are nearest to Italy, do immediately march thither: When that is done, her Majesty will be willing to hearken to what reasonable Propositions can be made to her.

I am.

Sir, your, &c.

Ro. Harley.

Mr. Brydgespresented to the House,

Copy of a Warrant for £. 25,000 to Sir Theodore -fen, remitted by him to the Duke of Savoy, for extraordinary Charges of the War in Italy:

Copy of a Warrant for £. 25,000 to Sir fen, remitted by him to the Duke of Savoy, for the extraordinary Charge of the War in Italy:

Copy of a Warrant for £.47,500 to Sir Theodore -fen, to be remitted to Italy, for the Service of the War there, and by way of Loan to the Emperor:

Copy of an Acquittance, from the Emperor's Pay-master General, for Two hundred thousand Venetian Bank Ducats.

And the Titles therof were read.

And the said Warrants and Acquittance, are as follow j viz.

Copy of the said first Warrant, for 25,000 to Sir Theodore Jansen.

Anne, R.

OUR Will and Pleasure is, that out of such Moneys, as are, or-shall, come to your Hands, for this Use, you pay unto Sir Theodore Jansen, Knight, the Sum of £. 25,000, in Satisfaction of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him in Julylaft, for 101,695 Crowns, at the Rate of 59 d. English, per Crown, payable in Turin, for the Service of the Duke of Savoy, and as an extraordinary Charge of the War in Italy and, for fb doing, this, with the Acquittance of the said Sir Theodore Jansen, or hisAfligns, shall be your Warrant and Discharge. Given at our Court at Windsor, this first Day of 1706,

in the 6ch Year of our Reign.

By her Majesty's Command.

H. St. John.

To our trusty and well-beloved James Brydges, Esquire, Paymaster General of our Forces, acting in Conjunction with those of our Allies.

Copy of the said 2d Warrant for £. 25,000 to Sir

Theodore Jansen.

Anne

Succours t<k Duke of Savoy.

22° jMuarti. A. 1700.

Succour* to Anne, R.

Duke of OUR Will and Pleasure is, that out of such Moneys, SaTOD as are, or shall, come to your Hands, for this Use, you pay unto Sir Theodore Janffen, Knight, the Sum of £.45,000, in Satisfaction of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him in September last, for 103,448 Crowns, ten Sols, at the Rate of fifty-eight Pence, per Crown, payable in Turin, for the Service of the Duke of Savoy, and as an extraordinary Charge of the War in Italy; and, for so doing, this, with the Acquittance of the said Sir Theodore Janffen, or of his Assigns, shall be your Warrant and discharge herein. Given at our Court at Windsor, the 9th Day of 1706, in the 5th Year

of our Reign.

By her Majesty's Command.

St. John.

To our trusty and well beloved James Brydges, Esquire, Paymaster General of our Forces, acting in Conjunction with those of our Allies.

The said Copy of a Warrant for £. 47,500 to Sir Theodore JanJfen.

Anne, R.

OUR Will and Plea lure is, that out of such Moneys, as are, or shall, come to your Hands, for this Use, you pay unto Sir Theodore Janjj'en the Sum of £ 47,500, in Satisfaction of four Bills of Exchange, drawn by him for <0,000 Ducats each, payable at Venice to the Order of Prince Eugene of Savoy, at the Rate of 57 Pence per Ducat, for the Service of the War in Italy, he, the said Sir Theodore Janffen, engaging to procure an Acknow-legement, from the Emperor's Paymaster, of the Receipt of the said Sum, the same being by way of Loan to his Imperial Majesty; and, for so doing, this, with the Acquittance of the said Sir Theodore JanJJen, or his Assign, shall be your Warrant and Discharge. Given at our Court at St. James's, this 25 Day of,

1705-6, in the 4th Year of our Reign.

By her Majesty's Command.

St. John.

To our trusty and well-beloved James Brydges, Esquire, Paymaster General of our Forces, acting in Conjunctionwith those of our Allies.

The said Copy of an Acquittance, from the Emperor's Paymaster General, for 200,000 Venetian Bank Ducats.

I John Charles Bartholotty, of Parthenfeldt, Councilor of his Imperial Majesty's Treasury, and Paymaster General of his Armies, acknowlege hereby, that the four Bills of Exchange, which, by Order of her Majesty the Queen of England's Paymaster General (Tit.) Mr. Brydges, were paid to his Htghnefe Prince Eugene of Savvy, H. I. M. General Field Marshal, and drawn by Mr. Theodore Jansen of London, on Melfieurs 'Thomas and Samuel Williams, of Venice, bearing Date the 18th of January, and the 19th of February, of this present Year, each Bill of Ducats, whereof two were payable at ten Days Sight, and the other Two at 30 Days Sight, making together the Sum of Bank Ducats, were duly paid into the Chest of War in Italy, and the Treasurer of the said Chest of War has given Acquittances for the same accordingly, one, of the 21st March, for -,5a Ducats, and another, of the 31 of the same Month for Ducats more; which Acquittances from the said Chest of War are to be reckoned together as one Payment* In Witness whereof I have signed these Presents, and set the Seal of my Office thereto. Vienna, the 10th Augustt 1706.

(L. S.) John Charles Bartholotti,

John Conrad , Controller.

Expedition Mr. St. John presented to the House, Extraordinary Riv«r*. 1 Charges on Account of the Expedition under the Earl Rivers.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Paper is as followeth;

FOR Levy-money, issued towards railing the French Regiment of Dragoons, and providing small Accoutrements for them Ditto, for raising the Lord Mark Kerr's Regiment of Foot - Ditto, for railing Comte Na/Jau's Regiment - Ditto, towards raisingFive other Regiments, under the Command of Brigadier Vi-marre, Colonel.S'rTwr^.Colonel Bloffet, Colonel 969 5 — 1.611 1.611

liane, and Colonel Labarthe 3,6co £. s. d. #7 *"» 9 m

For the Pay of the French Regiment of Dragoons, from the lft June to 23 7>7 9l 5

December, 1706 - - - - For the Pay of Comte Nassau's Regiment, from the 25 April to the 23 De- 10,015 — —

cember, 1706 ----- For the Pay of Colonel Sibourg's and Colonel Blojet's Regiments, from the several Days of railing, in April and May, 8,359 2 2

to the 23 December, 1706 - For the Pay of BrigadierVimarr's, and Colonel Fontjulian's, and Colonel thie's, Regiments, from the several Days of railing, in April and May, to the 29th of August following, when they were 11,659 a a

broke ----- - For the Pay of the Lord Mark Kerr's Regiment, from the several Days of railing, in May and June, to the 23 De- 8,070 — —

cember, 1706 - For the Pay of the Earl Rivers, and his Aids de Camp from the 25th of March, 1706, and of the other General and Staff Officers, attending the Expedition under his Command, from the First 8*37 »4 4

of June to the 23d of , 1706 - For several Contingencies, Medicines for the Forces and Hospital, Pi inters and Printing Prefles, and other inci- 8,053 16 4

dent Charges, relating to the Expedition 1,341 13 6

£ 63,661 13 6

H. St. John.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of High Pri« Peace, Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, assembled at of Coals, the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at the Castle of Norwich, for the County of No-,folk, the 14th Day of January, 1706, was presented to the House, and read , (etting forth, that the Petitioners Fuel chiefly con-lifts of Sea Coal, imported at Yarmouth, which of late Years has been excessive dear, and very hard upon the Petitioners, but more especially on the Poor: And praying such Redress therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of divers miserable Bankrupts, on behalf Bankrupt*, of themselves, and great Numbers of others, who have surrendered all they have in the World for the Use of their Creditors, on the Penalty of Death, under the Encouragement and Directions of the late Bankrupt Act, who have yet had no Benefit thereby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have in all things complied with the said Act, thinking to enjoy Liberty, and the Benefit thereof, as they were advised they ought to have, even beyond any Objection

15 of

5 Ann. 22,0 — 23°

of their Creditors; yet tome Words in the said Act seeming obscure to the Judges, the Petitioners are con-ftfued not to be within the meaning thereof, and some of them (though they have their Certificates from the Lord Keeper, and the Judges, as the Act directs) are since taken up, and put into Newgate, and otheF Gaols j so that, presuming on a parliamentary Security for their Liberty, they are reduced, with their Wives and Children, to a Milery past all Example: And praying, that such Bankrupts, as have surrendered their Effects, according to the said Act, may be immediately relieved by some short Bill, or Clause, to explain the said Act, in Favour of the Petitioners.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

State of - Sir Rubert Davers (according to Order) reported from Trade, the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Trade of this Kingdom, the Resolution, which they had directedhim to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act of the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the 2d, and all other Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread (except such, as are made in the Dominions of the French King) be repealed, so far as they relate to such Laces.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Act, of the 13th and 14th Years of King the Second, and all other

Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread (except such, as are made in the Dominions of the French King) be repealed, so far as they relate to such Laces.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Duke of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mar bo- for settling upon John Duke of , and his

rough's Posterity, a Pension of Five thousand Pound per Annum, »nui y. for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, inlike Manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, are already limited, and settled, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviS) t30 Januarii;

Anpo 50 Ann® Regin®, 1706.

Praters.

Cherill Hill "V/f R* Duckett (according to Order) presented to the Roads. IV1 House, a Bill for the better repairing the Highway from the Top of Cherill Hill, leading through Quemmerford Common, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and the same was received.

Weedon'* - Mr. Cartwright (according to Order) presented to Estate. the House, a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Vo L. 15.

januarii. 249

Weedon, Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's,

voluntary Settlements; and the same was received.

Mr. Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom Daren's-the Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Elute-

Darell, Esquire, deceased, and leafing other Part, for raising Moneys, to pay his Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Duties orf the Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to Coals at be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Tarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which 'he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be t

ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton (according to Order) presented to May's Estate* the House, a Bill for removing some Obstructions in the Sale of the Manor or Lord ship of Rawmere, and other Estate of Sir Thomas May, Knight, in the County of Suffer, and to enable him and his Trustees, to sell and dispose of the said Manor, and Premises, for Payment of his Debts; and the same was received.

Sir William AJbhurJi reported from the Committee, Luftring to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company Company* was referred; that the Committee having heard the Petitioners, the Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That by the Encouragement of the several Acts of Parliament, made for the Benefit of the said Luftring Company, the said Manufacture doth equal, if not exceed, that of France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, since the making of the late Act, in the 3d and 4th Years of her present Majesty's Reign (for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France) the said Manufacture hath been under great Discouragements, by Doubts, which have arisen, whether the Act of Prohibition has not repealed, or made ineffectual, the said several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Luftring Manufacture in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That some Provision be made, to put the Royal Luftring Company in as good a Condition, as they were before the making of the said late Act of Prohibition.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill so the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Com-

3 R pany

2 co 13* Januarii. . 1706.

pany; and that Sir William Ashhurst and Mr. Peyton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Hawking A Petition of several principal Feeders and Breeders Butcher* of Cattle, on behalf of themselves, and others, con-

Weat. cerned in the feeding and breeding of Cattle, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the hawking and carrying about from House to House, in London, and Parts adjacent, all Sorts of Butchers Meat, gives Opportunity of putting off stolen and unwhol-some Meat, whereby the Fair Traders in Shops and Markets are mightily discouraged, and the Poor greatly abused, being tempted by Cheapness to buy such un-wholsome Food, to the Prejudice of their Healths: That the Laws in force are not sufficient to restrain the said Abuse, which is become agrowing Mischief: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the like evil Practice for the time to come.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Toke, Mr. Ogle, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Pigott, Sir John Whit-wrong, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mr.

Ireton, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Popham, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Port man, Mr. Middleton, SirWm. Ashhurst, Mr. Poley, Mr. Mason, Sir

Ellis, Colonel Lee, Sir; and all, that serve

for London, Middlesex, Hertford, and Bucks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mead's A Bill for Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom Estate* of Ireland, Knight and Baronet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry i Dutton Colt, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Lawson, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Fairer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mason, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Mr.

Mompejfon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ellis, Sir Hump. Briggs, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Duckett, Sir Fra. Lord L.ord

Powlet, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Mr. Chambers, Sir Wm. Hufller: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tigh's Nat. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Ugh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Southwell, Mr. GrMr. Hicks, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Dibble, Nir. Walpole, Mr. Sir Fra. Ma-

sham, Mr. Toke, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Duckett,

Sir Edw. Williams, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Boynton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Mason, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Barker, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Snell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

May's Estate. A Bill for removing some Obstructions in the Sale of the Manor or Lordship of and other Estate of

Sir Thomas May, Knight, in the County of Suffiex, and to enable him, and his Trustees, to sell and dispose of the said Manor, and Premifies, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Weedon's A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon, Estate. Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's voluntary Settlements, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Rye EledHo* Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Charles Fagg, and Philip Gibbon, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Edward Southwell, and Philip Herbert, Esquires, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye:

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were.

For the Petitioners - 19:

For the Sitting Members - 21.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen, paying Scotland Lot, resident within the Port, or who had been resident within twelve Months before the Election.

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that one Person, who polled for the fitting Members, had no Right to vote j and that Six others, who were refused by the Mayor (as not qualified according to the Statute of 13* Car. 2*', for the well governing and regulating Corporations) ought to be added to the Petitioners Poll j which would give them a Majority.

As to the Person, that polled for the fitting Members, viz.Mr. Martin, the Petitioners Counsel gave Evidence.

That he had not lived in Rye for above Mr. Tho. ni e. twelve Years: That he did not pay Scotland Lot, nor had any House there: But the Evidence admitted, that, when he left the Town, he went to Sea in the late King's Service, and was employed in a Custom-house Sloop, during the Peace; and that he did not know, that he had a Settlement in any other Place; and that he had a Daughter, that had lived at for three Years last pad, but that Ihe was only a Lodger.

As to the Six Persons, that were refused by the Mayor, viz.

John Young, Thankfull Bishop, Robert John

Dadd, Jof. Breades, Geo. Burwafh;

The Petitioners Counsel produced the Assembly Book; by which it appeared, they had all Six been made free:

And called several Witnesses; viz. Mr. Gribble, Jof.

Tucker, Wal. Walters, to prove, that they offered their Votes for the Petitioners, but were refused by the Mayor; who said, they might be free to some Purposes, but not to chuse Members to Parliament; and, if he admitted them to poll, he could not return the Sitting Members:

And one of the Witness'es: viz. Walter Walters, feid, that in March, 1704, the Mayor said, they should be free, or not, according as they voted, notwithstanding their Mandamus.

And the feme Persons gave Evidence, that the Six Persons in dispute were warned by the Serjeant to the Election; and that they were warned, and had appeared, at the next Assembly, that was held after the Election; and that Thankful Bishop one of the Six, had paid half Duties to Mr. Mamouch, the Mayor, for Hops; and all, that are not Freemen, pay whole Duties.

Jof. Breades, one of the Six, said, he was warned by the Serjeant to the last Election; and that the Mayor asked his Vote for Mr. Southwell, and Mr. Herbert; and that he has been at several Assemblies, since the last Election; and that the Mayor declared, be it how it would, the Sitting Members should have it.

That, as to these Six Persons not having qualified themselves according to the Act, passed 13 Car. the Petitioners Counsel produced the Resolution of the House of Commons, 12 November, Y WiHielmi et Maria, in the Cause between Caleb Banks, and Tho. Frewen, Esquires, Petitioners, and Sir John Aujlen and Sir John Dorrell,

Sitting Members; viz. "Resolved, That Thomas ble, Thomas Tutty, and Samuel Joke, senior, being discharged

5 Ann. i 3° Januarii. 25 i

" discharged by the Commissioners, appointed by the " Act for regulating Corporations, have a Right to vote " in electing Barons, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye."

That then the 4th and 12th Sect. of the Act, passed 13* Car. 2di, for the well governing and regulating Corporations, were read, relating to Persons, concerned in the Government of Corporations, qualifying themselves, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Rights of the Church of ,within

one Year next before their Election.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members admitted, that the Six Persons above mentioned did offer their Votes for the Petitioners, and were refused by the Mayor; but they infilled, that the said Six Persons had no Right to vote, because that they, as well as several others, who voted for the Petitioners, were not duly elected Freemen.

And, to make this appear, they alleged, that by the Constitution of the Port of Rye there are two Courts, the one called the Assembly Court and the other the Hundred Court: That the Assembly Court confided of the Mayor, two Jurats, and eight Freemen at the lead; and that at this Court Freemen are chose. Bylaws made, and Leases are let; and that at the Hundred Court, confiding of the Mayor, Jurats, and all the Freemen, the Mayor, and other Officers, and also Parliament-men, are chosen.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members alleged likewise, that there are three Ways of admitting Persons to their Freedom in the Port of

id. The elded Sons of Freemen at 21 Years of Age have a Right to their Freedom:

adly. Every Mayor has a Right to make one Person free in his Mayoralty:

3dly, All other Persons, to be made free, mud be. proposed by the Mayor at the Court of Assembly, and approved by a Majority of the Freemen present.

And thus much of the Conditution was admitted by the Petitioners Counsel.

But the Counsel for the Sitting Members infided farther, that the Freemen, affidingattheCourtof Assembly, being of the Nature of a Common Council, ought to qualify themselves according to the Corporation Act} and also, that, by the Cudom of the Port, if any Person has been proposed, to be made free, to the Assembly Court, and rejected, he cannot be proposed again in the same Mayoralty.

And as to the First of these two controverted Points, the Sitting Members Counsel called several Witnesses: And fird,

Robert Meadow; who laid, he had known Rye 26 or 27 Years; and that he always looked upon it, that no Person, that had not qualified himself, by receiving the Sacrament, could vote in the Assembly Court, but in the Hundred Court they might; and that himself, and Four others, went 15 or 16 Miles to receive the Sacrament, to qualify themselves to vote at the Assembly Court.

Allen Olive, Mich. Cadman, said, it was not usual to

come to the Assembly Court, without receiving the Sacrament: And Cadman said, that one , being at the Assembly Court, would not aft, because he had not qualified himself.

That the Sitting Members Counsel also to this Point produced an Entry in the Assembly Book; where at a Court, held 6* Dec. 1690, it was proposed, whether Mr. Thomas Ttttty had a Right to fit, and aft, being a Person expunged by the late Act of Parliament; and it was carried, he had a Right.

That, as to the other Point, the Sitting Members Counsel called Robert Meadow, John , — knew

Rye 35 Years; Allen Olive, Thirty-five Years; Mich. Cadman, free almost eight Years:

Who said, that the Custom was, that, if a Person had been proposed to the Assembly Court, to be made free, and rejected, he could not be proposed again in the same Mayoralty; but that they never made an Entry V o l. 15,

of a Negative. Arid Meadow said, that himself having Ry«ElefU , been put up, and rejected, 25 Years ago, was refused to be put up again the same Year; the Mayor saying, it was contrary to Custom; And Jeremiah Cribble was refused about four Years ago, on the feme Account.

That the Sitting Members Counsel then called a Wit-nels, William Easter, who had been Chamberlain of the

Court; who said, that four Persons, infilled to be added to the Petitioners Poll, viz. John Young, and Bishop, and likewise two others, who polled for the Petitioners, viz.Walter Walters, and Thomas Hills, were

rejected several times in Mr. Francis Young's Mayoralty, but were at last elected in the same Mayoralty.

That the Sitting Members Counsel also objected, and gave Evidence (Wm. Easter) to other three (of which Wm. Chiswell, Edward Whelmand polled for the Petitioners, and the other, viz. George Burwa/h, was one of the Six, infilled to be added to the Petitioners Poll) as being chose by Persons, made free contrary to the aforesaid Custom.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members also read the Report 19th December, in the first Year of her present Majesty, as an Evidence of the Opinion of that Parliament.

That the Sitting Members Counsel called one Witness, in relation to the Mayor, viz. Step. Odiarne; who said, that he took the Poll at the Electlon; and that the Mayor refused the Votes in Question, and gave this Reason for it,

That, if he admitted them, he mull makea Return against-the Act of Parliament; and that the Report of the controverted Election in the last House of Commons was read.

That the Petitioners Counsel was heard by way of Reply.

And they admitted, that the Four Persons abovementioned were put up in the Assembly Court and that they were rejected, and chose again in the same Mayoralty; but denied, there was any Custom against it.

And, as to this Point, the Petitioners Counsel produced an ancient Book of the Customs of the Corporation; and called a Witness (Mr. Toumay) who had been Town Clerk in 1672, and Mayor in 1681; who laid, he knew no Custom, that, if a Man had been rejected in an Assembly Court, he could not be put up again the same Mayoralty; and, though he had examined the ancient Book, or Customacy, he could find no such Custom.

That the Petitioners Counsel also produced the Copies of three peremptory Mandamus's, with their Returns, brought by Walter Walters, Geo. Burwa/h, and Edward Wilmhurst, 40 of this Queen, for restoring them to their Freedom, three of the Persons objected to by the Sitting Members Counsel; and the Mayor and Jurats returned those Mandamus's, that the said Persons were never amoved, but enjoyed all the Privileges of Freemen.

That they also produced the Copy of the Record of an Action, brought in the Queen's Bench, 3* of her pre--lent Majesty, by Morgan Warner against Mr. Mannouch, the Mayor, and feme of the Jurats, viz. Robert,

Allen Olive, and Mick. Cadman, for a false Return to a Mandamus, brought by the said Warner, for restoring' him to his Freedom. The Return was, that Mr. -tier was not elected: And Mr. Warner had a Verdict, and recovered Damages, and Colls, in that Action.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Southwell, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Philip Herbert, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the said Port of Rye,

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Charles Fagg, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the said Port of Rye.

4.

Clithero

Election.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That Philip Gybbon, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, to

serve in Parliament for the said Port of Rye.

The First Resolution being read a Second time j And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Edward Southwell, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye, in, the County of Sussex;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller* so, Ac Y]'T> Tellers for he

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Philip Herbert, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the said Port of Rye;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Telia, for he

Teller, foe.* No

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Compttn also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows j

Upon the Petition of Daniel Harvey, Esquire, complaining of an undue Return for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster:

That it was admitted, that there were in the Corporation two Bailiffs.

And, upon inspecting the Return, it appeared, that Ambrose Pudjay, Esquire, one of the Bailiff's, hath by Indenture, signed by himself, and several of the Burgesses, returned Daniel Harvey, Esquire; and that Thomas Dugdale, Gentleman, the other Bailiff, hath by another Indenture, signed by himself, and several other of the Burgesses, returned C Parker, Esquire; and the common Seal is fixed to this Indenture.

That the Indenture, by which Mr. Harvey is returned, is dated the 27th December, 1706, and metioned to be made inter Ambrofium Pudfay, ar. et Thomam Dugdale, gen, ballivos burgi pradilt. Edwardum

Harvey, ar. Thomam Lifter, arm. Rob.rtum Sc later, gen. multofque alios burgesses burgi praditt. etc una parte , et Edwardum Cole, arm. vie. com. pradibl. ex altera parte.

That the Indenture, by which Mr. Parker is returned, bears Date also on the same 27th Day of December, and is mentioned to be made inter Edmundum arm. vie. com. Pal. Lancaftria, ex una et Thom. Dug-

dale, gen. ballivum villa five burgi de Clithero pradift. et Rogerum Nowell, RobertumBarker, et multos alios burgesses burgi pradiEli, ex altera parte.

Upon which Evidence, the Committee came to this Rtsolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Daniel Harvey, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Lancaster.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

And thfe Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Daniel Harvey, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess, to fefve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Lancaster;

"The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Januarii. A. 1706.

Telle, forth. Yea

Teller, for the No

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to takeoff from the Return, for the Borough of Clithero, the Indenture, by which Christopher Parker, Esquire, is returned.

Ordered, That the Names of such, as made default Call of tk« to appear, upon the Call*of the House the 14th Instant House. (and were not thenexcufed) be called over upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V eneris, 240 die Januarii;

Anno 5 Annse Reginae, 1706.

Prate rs.

ABIL L for the better repairing the Highway from CherriU Hill the Top of Cherrill Hill leading through Quern- Roads. merford Common, to Studly Bridge, in the ^County of Wilts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Clithero Order) took off from the Return, for the Borough of Return Clithero, the Indenture, by which Christopher Parker,

Esquire, was returned.

Mr. Pulteny (according to Order) presented to the Niccoll'* House, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or ^ebt to Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to r0WD* compound with Benjamin Niccoll, Citizen, and late Merchant, of London, and his Securities, for the Debt by him owing to her Majesty; and the feme was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Henry Grey, second Son N«Tiir* of Richard Nevill, Esquire, to change his Surname of Name. Nevill to Grey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Esquire, to change his Surname of Nevill to'

Grey, according to the Will of Ralph Lord Grey, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Felons — repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punching, Felons, ialtnoVtbeir that Commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies pimiihmett, in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preservatic* the better Preservation of the Game; and that Sir Ham Strickland, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Farrington, and Mr. Dorrington, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented Padage into to the House, a Bill for enlarging the Passage, leading New P*lact to New Palace Yard, through the Gatehouse at West- Yard* minster; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

22 Mr.

Escapes out of Queen's Beueb, &c«

Committees.

Felons — repealing Clause relating to their Piuuiiunent.

Bodmyn

Eiedioo.

William

H&ate*

Canbam's

Ellate.

Baines'

Ellatt.

York

Jtegiftry,

5 Ann, 240- — 25® Jamaru. 255

Mr. King (according to Order) presented to the House, the West Riding of the County of with the

a Bill for rendering more effectual the Ad, passed in the Register there, lately provided, wascommitted; that they first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they the better preventing Escapes out of the Queens Bench had directed him to report to the House: Which he and Fleet Prisons; and the same was received, and read read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the the First time. Clerk's Table; where the same were once read through-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. out, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Ordered) That all Committees be revived. House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Register, or his Deputy, shall sign Certificates, to for repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for be testified by Witnesses.

the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing, And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Felons, that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or be made Part of the Bill.

Stables, or that steal Horses, was read the First time. _ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2 5° die;

Anno 5® Ann® Regina?, 1706.

Praters.

SjRDERED, That Sir John Leake be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition; touching the Election for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall.

Sir Francis Majliam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of certain Houses near in London, late the Estate of William , Esquire,

deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for supplying the Defeat of an Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John Can/tam, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in T in lieu of £1,300, the Remainder of a Sum of Money, agreed to be laid out in a Purchase, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Jeffry Jeffryes, Sir Fra.

sham, Sir William St. Quintin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Anntjley, Mr. MonSon, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Squire, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Jefj'of, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Coif on, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Monson, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Herne, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Gery, Sir Edward Honeys, Mr. Thornhagk, Mr.; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, and Middlesex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and supplying the Defects, in an Act, passed in the Third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baynes, for discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provisions for his Daughters; and the same was received.

Mr. MonSlon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, within

Vol. 15.

A Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, passed Escapes out in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An of Queen'^ Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's lienctl» ^c: Bench and Fleet Prisons, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. King,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Peyton, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Wm.

St. Quintin, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Annesley, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr . Harvey, Sir Richard Sanford, Mr. Jervoys,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Moyfer, Mr Manley, Sir Mr. Clayton, Mr. Masters, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Mr. MonSlon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to Tigh'sNat. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing John Tigh, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bath Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for Election. the City of Bath, be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Bailiffs, and Newfoundland Burgesses, of the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth in the County, of Devon, as also of divers Merchants, and others, of and near the said Borough, trading to Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade to Newfoundland is of mighty Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Kingdom in general, for the Help whereof they had the AflittanCe of this House the last Year; but the Convoys, then appointed, proceeded so late, that the Fishing Season was half spent, before the Petitioners Ships arrived; tn the great Discouragement of the said Trade, and Detriment of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideranon of tire House, and Relief touching their Convoys.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Herne, Sir William Huftler,

Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Mr. Bofcawen, lAt.Je[}bp, Sir Walter Tonge, Sir Hen. Colt,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Monbton, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr.

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

Mr. Topham, Mr. Ward, Mr. Nicho, Mr. , Mr. England, Sir William Drake, Mr. Toke, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Booth, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bridges, Sir Robert Daverse, Sir Pho. Hanmere, Mr. Bliffe, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Pole, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Conyers; and all the Merchants of the House, and all, that serve for Sea Ports s And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record j.

3 S Ordered,

Corrupting

Jurors.

State of 1 mde.

Foor Relief.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Committees.*

Hertford

Roads.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

254 25"- — 2 70 Januarii.

A. 170 5.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. that they do, inquire into the State of the Convoys, during the last Year.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Clause, relating to the Settlements for the Poor (offered to the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor) be further adjourned till Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are to consider of the Abuses, relating to, orarifing from, the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, That they inquire into any Abuses committed, or Charges expended, in relation to the Bankruptcy of Thomas Pitkin.

pedient, to remedy these Inconveniences, and pals the same into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Abuses, relating to, orarifing by, the said Act: And, that Colonel Pigott, Sir Thomas fVroth, and Colonel Palmer, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Relating Poor, and other ancient Inhabitants, of the several nightly Hamlets of the Parish of St. Dunsta Stepney, was pre-. " atcJl-fented to the House, and read setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for regulating the nightly Watch:

That the Petitioners have always provided an able and sufficient Watch in their Hamlets, in so much that, for a long time, they have not had any Robbery, or House-breaking, nor the lenft Complaint; yet the Petitioner* are willing to increase their Watch, if the Inhabitants desire it; but hope, they shall not, by the said Bill, be compelled to an unnecessary Charge, considering the Security they now enjoy, by the good Orders, and Care, observed in the said Hamlets, relating to the nightly Watch: And praying, that they may be exempted out of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Dotieion Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals at Coals into the Port and Borough of Yarmouth, in the *"rniou County of Norfolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that- the Title be. An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lance, 2 70 di 'Januarii,

Anno 5® Annas Reginae, 1706.

Pray e r s.

MR. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, formerly made, for the repairing Highways in the County of Hertford, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrafted.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-makers, Fullers, Mercers, Grocers, and other principal Traders, in and about the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Act of Parliament, lately passed, to prevent-Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was designed for the Benefit of Creditors; but, on the contrary (through the Subtilty of Bankrupts their combining with Relations, and Confederates) the good Intent of that Law hath been subverted, to the Ruin of many Creditors, and the great Decay of Trade, and Credit: And praying, that the House will consider of some proper Ex-

A Petition of Ann Hargrave was presented to the Passage into House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace Yard, through the Gatehouse at Westminster: That the Petitioner is intit led to an ancient Passage, on the North Side of the said Passage, leading to her Rooms in the Dog Tavern Yard, and is the only Passage thereto; and Part of her House joins to the Gatehouse; and will be much damaged, if it be pulled down: And praying a Saving of her Right, and all Damages, if the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Philip Vanden Enden, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that dl* the Petitioner is a Protestant Foreigner, and has given good Testimony of-his Loyalty to her Majesty, and the Good of England: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pitfield and Sir Henry Dutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tigh's Nat. for naturalizing John Tigh, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for Sale of the Manor of and several Lifter*

Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Elute, ments, in Craven, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifer, Esquire, deceased,

and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher

Lifter,

"Bath

Election.

o

5 Ann.

2 7° Januarii.

25S

Lifter y and discharging a Mortgage of the said ‘Thomas civitat, altera parte; and *tis expressed* that the Lifter, was read a Second time. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aifiaby, 26* Between the Sheriff) of the one Part, and Sir Pinfent Charnock , Mr. Dig by, Mr. Moyfer, Sir Harvey the Mayor and Citizens of , and the other Part: E/wes, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Barker, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. And *tis expressed, quod major et cives, fail a

Monilon, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sheickerly, proclamatione in plena civil ate, apud Gildam Aulam diet' Mr. Lifter, Sir Fra. Maftiam, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. civitat'

Trevor, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Naylor, Mr. 30* Between the Sheriff) of the Orte Part, and

Butler, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Musgrave, the Mayor and Citizens, of the other Part: That the Mr. Archer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Amejley, Mr. Whitfield-, and Mayor and Citizens elected.

.all, that serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster;Between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the other Part: in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for major, aldermanni, et cives, fail a -

Persons, Papers, and Records. tione, apud Gildam Aulam, civitatis eligerunt.

1

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Bath, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of George Dashwood, and Richard Houblon, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election, and Hcturn, of William and

In the same Form.

2i Jac.

1 Car. I.

3 Car. I.

16 Car. I. V 16 Car. I.

21 Car. II.

21 Car. II.

5 W. et M.

4 Ann#:

That the Petitioners Counsel also produced the

Alexander Pop ham, Esquires, to serve in Parliament Charter of 32 Eliz. by which it is provided, that every for the City of Bath: Freeman shall take an Oath:* And in that Clause they

That the Question was upon the Right of Election. are called liberos cives et

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled, that the Right That some Witnesses were also examined for the of Election was in the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the Petitioners.

Freemen, paying Scotland Lot. John Gregg said, that he had lived in London almost

The fitting Members Counsel infilled, that the Right 45 Years, was no Freeman of Bath, but was present at of Election was in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- the Eltdion of Members, to serve in Parliament for council, or capital Citizens, only. Bath, in the Year 1660, when Mr and Mr.

That, to prove the Right in the Freemen at large, were chosen; and that there also flood Sir

the Petitioners Counsel produced the Copies of a great Brydges, and Sir Charles; and that the Freemen

many Returns; viz.

From the Tower:

I H. V. Between the Sheriff of the one Part, and John Savage, and three others named: And 'tis therein expressed, quod pradiilus Johannes Savage, et omnes alii cives pradiSi' nominali, ex assenfu totius communitatis civitatis prxdtila:, eligerunt.

2. H. V. Between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and the then Mayor, and three others named; qui ex affenfu totius communitatis civitatis pradiil'

5 H.V. '

7 H.V.

8 H. V.

9 H.V.

1//. VI.

3 H. VI.,) In the same Form.

4 H. VI. '

6 H. VI.

8 H.VI.

9 H. VI.

10 H.VI.

II H. VI. Between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and the Mayor, and two others, therein named, of the other

then polled; and, particularly, he remembered, one Geo. Parker polled then for Brydges and Barkley; but could not say, whether the Poll for Sir Tho. Brydges and Sir Charles Berkley was in the same Place, as the Poll for Mr. Popham and Mr. Prynne.

William Powell, John Glqjfe, Wm. Hafiewood, Rich. Deacon, said, they were present at the Election in 1680, or 1681; and that the Freemen were then polled by Mr. Bushell, the Town Clerk; but they could not say, the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen, did poll among them.

That the Petitioners Counsel made use of their Evidence, to shew, that the Freemen had so long ago claimed a Right to vote in Elections; and, to prove the Right, relied on the Returns by them produced.

That the fitting Members Counsel infilled, that Bath was a Corporation by Prescription; and for that read the Beginning of the Charter; which recites, that the Mayor and Citizens have, time immemorial, enjoyed several Markets, &c. et quod major et cives ejusdem civitatis ab antiquo tempore semper habuerunt ex fe aldermannos et commune consilium: And they produced a Book of the Corporation; whereby it appeared, that 31 March,

Part: In which 'tis mentioned, quod major, et omnes alii 1660, Alexander Popham and William Prynne, Esquires, cives civitatis, ex assenfu totius communitatis, eligerunt. were defied by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common

13 Hen. VI. Between the Sheriff of the one Part, Council, and four others, therein named, on the other Part: And That they also shewed in the said Book, that the Lord 'tis expressed, qubd prre dibit cives, ex assenfu totius com- Fitzharding and Sir Wm. Basset were defied . in like

mmitatis, eligerunt. Manner 21 Febr. 1680.

1 lE.IV. Quod cives Bathori ex unanimt affenfu eligerunt. And examined one Witness, viz.

17 E.IV. In the same Form.

From the Rolls; viz.

1 and 2 P. et M. Between the Sheriff, of the one Part, et cives civil' Bathoti' on the other Part: And 'tis expressed, qubd cives civitatis predict' eligerunt.

4° et 50 P. id M. Between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and the Mayor and Citizens, of the other Part: And 'tis expressed, qubd major et cives converunt ad Gildam Aulam, et ibidem eligerunt.

14* Eiiz. Between the Sheriff, of the one Part, et majorem civil' Bathon' aldermanos, et burgesses, ejusdem

Vol. 15.

Nath. Biggs; who said, he was present at the Election in the Year 1680: and one Captain Chapman, an Alderman, went off from the rest, and raised the Militia, to get a Poll: And he remembered particularly the Lord Fitzharding and Sir William Election, in

the Year 1680; and that they were elected by thefeledt Number; but, when they came down, the Freemen, took them up, and carried them about on their Shoulders.

That the fitting Members Counsel would have called several other Witnesses; but the Committee, being satis-

fied

Bath Writ.

Supply,

256 2 ~]°Januarii, A. 170

fied with the Evidence, already given, came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Bathin the County of Somerset, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Blathwaite, Esquire, is duly elected a Ci-

tizen, to serve in Parliament for the said City of Bath.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Alexander Popham, Esquire, deceased, was duly elected a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the said City of Bath.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the room of Alexander Popham, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Conyers, (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which tffey had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow j

t. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the like Sum, advanced by her Majesty to the Duke of Savoy, for the better Defence of Turin, and for the Service of the War in Italy, in the Year 1706.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty leven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Share of a Loan to the Emperor, for the Service of the War in Italy, in the Year 1706.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Six hundred Sixty-one Pounds, thirteen Shillings, and six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Levy-money, Pay, and Contingencies, of the Forces, lent in the Expedition under the Command of the Earl Rivers.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Fourteen Pounds, be granted to he Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Expence for the Pay of the General Officers for a Body of Thirteen thousand Men, of the Troops of the King of Portugal, pursuant to the Treaty in that behalf, to the 23d December, 1706.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Twenty Pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight Pence, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying Expences, relating to the Garilon in the Year

1706.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Six hundred Ninety-two Pounds, thirteen Shillings, and ten Pence, three Farthings, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying her Majesty's Share of the Pay of Three thousand Palatine Troops, pursuant to the Treaty with the Elector Palatine, from the 17th of March, x 705-6, to the 23d of December following.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand and Twelve Pound, leven Shillings, and six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Share of the Agio, Bread, and Forage, for twelve thousand Prussians, employed in her Majesty's Service in the Netherlands.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pound,

16

be granted to her Majesty, for an additional Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hefj'eCafe/, for augmenting hisTrcops, and marching into Italy, and for defraying the Expence of Bread Waggons, and Carriages, and of Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded, for the Service of the Year

1707-

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitr tee. That a Sum not exceeding Nineteen thousand Seven hundred Fifty-five Pounds, nine Shillings, and six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Agio, Bread, and Forage, for the said 12,000 Pruffans, from their coming into her Majesty's Service, until the 23d December, 17c6.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Seven hundred and Eighty Pounds, eighteen Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, todefray her Majesty's Proportion of the extraordinary Charge for the Augmentation Troops of the Landgrave of Hefe CaJJell, employed in Italy, from the 20th of May, to the 23d of December, 1706.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Six hundred and Seven Pounds, thirteen Shilling?, and five Pence Half-peny, be granted to her Majesty, for Levy-money, to recruit the Horses of the foreign Troops in her Majesty's Pay, that were killed, or died of the Common Distemper, in Flanders, in the Year 1705*

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven hundred Forty-six Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for a further Allowance of Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, loft in the same Cam* paign in Flanders.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred Seventy-three Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for Levy-money, to recruit the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, and for Officers Horses, which died of the common Distemper after the said Campaign, between the 31st of October, 1705, and the latter End of February following.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Ninety-eight Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for Levy-money, to recruit the Horses of the Horse and Dragoons, which were killed, and died of the common Distemper, in the Low between the First 0 (May, and 31st of December, 1706.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Fifty-five Pounds, twelve Shillings and six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Share of the Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the Danish Troops, in t/;e Pay of England and Holland, that were loft in the same manner, between the First of January, 1705, and the last of October 1706.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen hundred Seventy-five Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the like Loss, fullained by the Troops of Hanover, in her Majesty's Pay, during the last Campaign ia Flanders.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, towards prosecuting the Successes of King Charles the Third, for Recovery of the Monarchy of Spain to the House of Austria.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time;

Count Brian<jon's Memorial, of March 31st, 1706;

The Answer to Count Brian$ori % Memorial, April 2d, 1706;

the Translation of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Harley to Count Brianfon, dated April 2d, 1706;

A Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Harley to the Lord Treasurer, April the 13 th, 1706; and also,

A Copy

b Ann.- 27" — 2.8" Jamam. 45,7-

A Copy of a Warrant for £. a£,oooo to Sir Jan fen, remitted by him to the Duke of Savoy, for extraordinary Charges of the War in Italy, dated the 9th of October, 1706 (which were presented to the House the 22d' Instanf) were read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree-with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the like Sum, advanced by her Majesty to the Duke of Savoy, for the better Defence of 'Turin, and for the Service of the War in Italy, in the Year 1706.

The Second Resolution being read a Second' time

The Memorial to her Majesty from the Imperial Envoy, and the Answer thereunto; and also,

A Copy of an Acquittance, from the Emperor's Pay-master General, for Venetian Rank Ducats (which were presented to the House the 22d InstanQwere read.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, notexceeeding Forty-seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Share of a Loan to the Emperor, for the Service of the War in Italy, in the Year 1706.

The 3d and 4th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 5th Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Twenty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying Expences, relating to the Garison of Gibraltar, in the Year 1706 j

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the several Sums of Money, for the extraordinary Services for the Year 1706, which have been agreed to by the House, have been advanced and expended for the Preservation of the Duke of Savoy, for the Interest of King Charles the Third in Spain, against the common Enemy, and for the Safety and Honour of the Nation;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now pur j

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Telle* for be Y} J4-

Tellers for the Noes. J , }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Resolved, That the several Sums of Money, for the extraordinary Services for the Year 1706, which have been agreed to by this House, have been advanced and expended for the Preservation of the Duke of Savoy, for the Interest of King Charles the Third in Spain, against the common Enemy, and for the Safety and Honour of the Nation.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706. Prayers.

We'i Estate. A PETITION of Sir SeymourPile, Baronet, and Dame JTjL fane, his Wife, and Gabriel Pile, his only Brother, and of Robert Crofts, and Mary, his Wife, Sifter of the said Sir Seymour Pile, John , Esquire,

V o t. 15.

and Thomas Cottles, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read j fetttng forth, that the Petitioner's Estate in Axford, in the County of Wilts, was left incumbered very much, by his Father, with Portions for his Brother and Sifter; andfince the Petitioner mortgaged the same j all which are still unpaid: That afterwards the Petitioner married, and made a Settlement; but the Estate being subject to the Incumbrances, which are very much increased by Interest, the same will in great Measure defeat the said Settlement, and reduce Sir Seymour, and his- Wife, to great Straits: That they have been married several Years, and have had Issue only one Daughter: That the said Estate may now be sold to such an Advantage as will pay off the Incumbrances, and purchase an Estate elsewhere, of near as great yearly Value; but the Petitioner cannot fell, by reason of the said Settlement: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate in,

for discharging the Portions and Incumbrances thereupon, and inverting the Surplus of the Purchase-money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard How, the Lord Bruce, and Sir John ', do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the State of whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Trade, the Trade of this Kingdom, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nevill'e Act to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Name.

Esquire, to change his Surname of Nevill to Grey, according to the Will of Ralph Lord Grey, deceased, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Neptune An Act to make the Neptune Privateer (a foreign-built Privateer Ship) lately bought as a Wreck, a free Ship, without any ,p* Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for removing forne Obstructions in the Sale of May* E(Ut*. the Manor or Lordship of Rawmere, and other Estate of Sir Tho. May, Knight, in the County of and to enable him, and his Trustees, to sell and dispose of the said Manor, and Premisses, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

"Littleton, Earl of Hertford, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Windsor, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Chafe, Sir Jof Tredenham, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Strowd, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. Topham, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. i,

Mr. Wyld, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Molesworth, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Sir Hard. Waflenys, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Bacon; and all, that serve for the Counties of Southampton and And they'

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Niccoli'# missioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to com- Debt to th# pound with Benjamin Niccoli, Citizen, and late Merchant, Cr0WIU of London, and his Securities, for the Debt by him owing to her Majesty, was read a Second time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Manwaring, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Diston, Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen.Dutton Colt, Sir Fra.

Mr. Monlton, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Tho.

Davail, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Calthrop, Mr. Clayton, Mr, Bacon, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Heme, Sir Harvey Elwes, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Butler, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Drydenf Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Poeklington, Mr. England,

3 T Mr.

JCommittees,

Sale of Offices, &c.

Enden's Nat.

Williams* Lit ate.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

*she Queen's Speech — Onion with Scotland.

58 a86 Januartu 170

Mr. Chambers, Sir Hopton Williams i And they are to that I shall look upon it as a particular Happiness, if meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's this great Work, which has been so often attempted Chamber. without Success, can be brought to Perfection in my

Reign.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Lord Coningsby acquainted the House, that he had Union with Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . (pursuant to her Majesty's Command) The Articles of Scotland, preventing the Sale of Offices, and Delays in Suits; and Union, agreed upon by the Commissioners, and also, The that Mr. Strode, Mr. Pock ling ton, and Mr. Peyton, do Act of Parliament in for the Ratification of them,

prepare, and bring in, the fame. and also, A Copy of the Minute Book of the Proceedings

of the said Commissioners, to lay before the House.

Sic, Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table;

to the House, a Bill for naturalizing PhilipVanden Enden, wiiere the said Articles, and Act of Ratification, were Merchant j and the same was received. read, and are as follow i

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of certain Houses near Aid-gate, in London, late the Estate of William,

Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Uihcrof the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to several Bills; viz.

An Act for settling upon John Duke of Marlborough, and his Posterity, a Pension of Five thousand Pound per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like manner, as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of and House of

Blenheim, are already limited, and settled:

An Act to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Esquire, to change his Surname of Nevill to,

according to the Will of Ralph Lord Grey, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing John Tigh:

An Act to make the Ship , of St ad, upon

the River Elbe, in Germany (lately a Wreck) a free Ship: An Act to make the Neptune Privateer, a foreign-built Ship, lately bought as a Wreck, a free Ship:

And that afterwards her Majesty was pleased to make this most gracious Speech to both Houses j viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

HAVING acquainted you, at the opening of this Session, that the Treaty, for an Union between land and Scotland, which had been concluded here by the Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Powers, given by the Parliaments of both Kingdoms, was then under the Consideration of the Parliament of Scotland, 1 can now, with great Satisfaction, inform you, that the said Treaty has been ratified by Act of Parliament in Scotland, with some Alterations, and Additions.

J have directed the Treaty, agreed to by the Commissioners of both Kingdoms, and also the Act of Ratification from Scotland, to be laid before youj and I hope, it will meet with your Concurrence and Approbation.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It being agreed by this Treaty, that is to have

an Equivalent for what that Kingdom is obliged to contribute towards paying the Debts of England, I mull recommend to you, that, in case you agree to the Treaty, you will take care to provide for the Payment of the Equivalent to Scotland accordingly.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

You have now an Opportunity before you of putting the lait Hand to a happy Union of the two Kingdoms; which, 1 hope, will be a lading Blelfing to the whole Wand, a great Addition to its Wealth and Power, and a firm Security to the Protedant Religion.

The Advantages, which will accrue to us all from an Union, are so apparent, that I will add no more, but

14

Articles of Union.

AGREED on the Twenty-second Day of July, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her most excellent Majesty Anne, by the Grace of God Queen of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, (Ac. and in the Year of our Lord 1706, by the Commissioners, nominated on the behalf of the Kingdom of England, under her Majesty's great Seal of England, bearing date at Westminster the Tenth Day of April lad pad, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the Third Year of her Majesty's Reign, and the Commissioners, nominated on the behalf of the Kingdom of Scotland, under her Majesty's great Seal of Scotland, bearing date the 27th Day of February lad pad, in pursuance of the 4th Act of the Third Session of her Majesty's current Parliament of Scotland, in the 4th Year of her Majesty's Reign, to treat of and concerning an Union of the said Kingdoms; which Articles are in all Humility to be presented to the Queen's most excellent Majesty, and offered ro the Consideration of the respective Parliaments of both Kingdoms, pursuant to the said Acts, and Commissions:

1. That the two Kingdoms of England and

shall, upon the fird Day of May next ensuing the Date hereof, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the name of Great Britain; and that the Ensigns Armorial of the said united Kingdom be such, as her Majesty shall appoint; and the CroHes of St. and

St. Andrew be conjoined in such manner, as her Majesty shall think fit, and used in all Flags, Banners, Standards, and Ensigns, both at Sea and Land.

2. That the Succession to the Monarchy of the united Kingdom of Great Britain, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, after her most sacred Majesty, and in default of Issue by her Majesty, be, remain, and continue, to the most excellent Princess Scphia, Fleet refs and Duchess Dowager of Hannoverand the Heirs of her Body, being Protedants, upon whom the Crown of England is settled by an Act of Parliament, made in

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the " further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subjectand that all Papids, and Persons marrying Papids, shall be excluded from, and for ever incapable to inherit, possess, or enjoy, the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; and in every such Case, the Crown, and Government, shall from time to time defeend to, and be enjoyed by, such Person, being a Protedant, as should have inherited and enjoyed the lame, in case such Papist, or Person marrying a Papist, was naturally dead, according to the Provision for the Descent of the Crown of England, made by one other Act of Parliament in England, in the fird Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, declaring " the Rights and Liberties, of the Subject, and settling " the Succession of the Crown."

3d. That the united Kingdom of Great Britain bere-presented by one and the same Parliament, to be (tiled the Parliament of Great Britain.

4th. That all the Subjects of the united Kingdom of Great

5 Ann. 28° Januarii. £59

Great Britain shall, from and after the Union, have full Freedom and intercourse of Tradeand Navigation to and' from any Port or Place within the said united Kingdom, and the Dominions and Plantations thereunto belonging; and that there be a Communication of all other Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, which do or may belong to the Subjects of either Kingdom, except where it is otherwise expressly agreed in these Articles.

5th. That all Ships, belonging to her Majesty's Subjects of Scotland at the time of signing this Treaty, for the Union of the two Kingdoms (though foreign-built) shall be deemed, and pass, as Ships of the Built of Great Britain, the Owner, or (where there are more Owners) one or more of the Owners, within twelve Months after the Union, making Oath, that at the time of signing the said Treaty, the same did belong to him, or them, or to some other Subject, or Subjects, of Scotland, to be particularly named, with the Places of their respective Abodes, and that the same doth then belong to him, or them, and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, Part, or interest, therein; which Oath shall be made before the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port next to the Abode of the said Owner, or Owners: And the said Officer or Officers shall be impowered to administer the said Oath; and the Oath, being so administered, shall. be attested by the Officer or Officers, who administered the fame; and, being regiftsred by the said Officer or Officers, shall be delivered to the Matter of the Ship, for Security of her Navigation; and a Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Officer or Officers to the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port of Eden burgh, to be there entered in a Register, and from thence to be sent to the Port of London, to be there entered in the general Register of all trading Ships, belonging to Great Britain.

6th. That all Parts of the united Kingdom, for ever, from and after the Union, shall have the same Allowances and Encouragements, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations of Trade, and liable to the same Customs and Duties, on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements, Prohibitions, restrictions, and Regulations, of Trade, and the Customs and Duties, on Import and Export, settled in England, when the Union commences, shall, from and after the Union, take place throughout the whole united Kingdom.

7. That all Parts of the united Kingdom be for ever, from and after the Union, liable to the same Excises upon all excisable Liquors; and that the Excise, settled in England on such Liquors, when the Union commences, take place throughout the whole united Kingdom.

8th. That from and after the Union, all foreign Salt, which shall be imported into ,shall be charged,

at the Importation there, with the same Duties, as the like Salt is now charged with, being imported into England j and to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner: But Scotland shall, for the Space of Seven Years, from the said Union, be exempt from the paying, in,

for Salt, made there, the Duty or Excise, now payable for Salt, made in England; but, from the Expiration of the said Seven Years, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties for Salt, made in Scotland, as shall be then payable for Salt, made in England; to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner, and with the like Drawbacks, and Allowances, as in England: And, during the said Seven Years, there shall be paid in England for all Salt, made in Scotland, and imported from thence Into England, the same Duties, upon the Importation,

as shall be payable for Salt, made in; to be

levied, and secured, in the same Manner, as the Duties on foreign Salt, are to be levied, and secured, in England: And that, during the said Seven Years, no Salt whatsoever be brought from Scotland to England by Land, in any manner, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Salt, and the Cattle and Carriages, made use of in bringing the same, and paying Twenty Shillings for V01. 15.

every Bnfliel of such Salt, and proportionably for a greater or Idler Quantity; for which the Carrier, as well as the Owner, shall be liable, jointly and severally; and the Perffins, bringing or carrying the fame, to be imprisoned by any one Justice of the Peace, by the Space of Six Momhs, without Bad, and until the Penalty be. paid: And that, during the said Seven Years, all failed Flelli, or Fish. exported from Scotland to England, or, made use of for victualing of Ships in Scotland, and all. FJefli put on hoard in Scotland, to be ex;>orrcd to Parts beyond the Seas, winch IhaM be salted wuh Scotch Salt, or any Mixture therewith, shall be forfeited, and may be seized: And that, from and after the Union, the'. Laws and Acts of Parliament in Scotland, for pining, curing, and packing, of Herrings white lr:fh, and Salmon, for Exportation, with for ign Salt only, and for preventing of Frauds in curing and packing of Fiffi, be continued in force in Scotland, tubied to such Alterations, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: A-d that all Fish, exported from Scotland to-Parts beyond the Seas, which flv-.il be cured with foreign Salt only, shall have the tame Ealies, Premiums, and Drawbacks, as are or shall be allowed to such Persons, as export the like Fish from England: And if any Mat-, ters, or Fraud, relating to the said Duties on Sait, shall hereafter appear, which are not sufficiently provided against by this Article, the same shall be subject to such further Provisions, as shall be thought fit by the Parliament of Great Britain.

9th. That, whenever the Sum of One million Nine hundred Ninety-seven thousand Seven hundred Sixty-three Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, shall be enacted by the Parliament Britain

to be raised in that Part of the united Kingdom, now called England, on Land, and other Things, usually charged in Acts of Parliament there, for granting an Aid to the Crown by a Land Tax, that Part of the united Kingdom, now called Scotland, shall be charged by the same Act with the further Sum of Forty-eight thousand Pounds, free of all Charges, as the Quota of Scotland to such Tax, and so proportionably, for any greater or lesser Sum, raised in England by any Tax on Land, and other Ttiings, usually charged, together with the I.and; and that such Quota for Scotland, in the Taxes aforesaid, be raised and collected in the tame Manner, as the Eels now is in Scotland, but subject to such Regulations in the Manner of collecting, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain.

10th. That, during the Continuance of the respective Duties on stampt Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, by the several Acts now in force in England, Scotland shall not be charged with the same respective Duties.

nth. That, during the Continuance of the Duties, payable in England, on Windows and Lights, which determines on the First Day oiAuguft, 1710, shall not be charged with the same Duties.

12th. That, during the Continuance of the Duties, payable in England, on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which determines the 30th Day of September, 1710, Scotland shall not be charged therewith, for Coals, Culm, and Cinders consumed there; but shall be charged with the same Duties, as in England, for all Coal, Culm, and Cinders, not consumed in Scotland.

13th. That, during the Continuance of the Duty, payable in England, on Malt, which determines the 24th Day of June, 1707, Scotland shall not be charged with that Duty.;

14th. That the Kingdom of Scotland be not charged with any other Duties, laid on by the Parliament of

England before the Union, except those consented to in this Treaty; in regard it is agreed, that all necessary; Provision shall be made by the Parliament of for the publick Charge and Service of that Kingdom, for the Year 1707: Provided nevertheless, that, if the Parliament of England shall think fit to lay any further Impositions, by way of Customs, or such Excises, with which, by virtue of this Treaty, Scotland is to be charged

equally

Union with Scotland.

i6o 28" JanOarii. A. % fo6,

«id» equally with Ettgl^Ond, in suchCafe Scotland shall be liable to Scotland for such Part thereof, as shall be applied to* Scotland- to the ft me Customs, and Etfcifes, aind have an Equiva- wards Payment of the Debts of of which

lent, to be settled by the Parliament of Qrtat Britain', duties an Account shall be kept, to the end it may ap-And seeing it cannot be supposeef, that the Parliament pear, what is to be answered to Scotland as the said of Great Britain will ever lay any Sort of Burthens uporf Equivalent; and, generally, that an Equivalent shall be the united Kingdom, but what they shall fin'd of necessity answered to Scotland for such Parts of the English Debts, at that Time, for the PreservatiortandGoodof the Whole,- as Scotland may hereafter become liable to pay, by reason and with due Regard to the CircumstanceS and Abilities- of the Union,- other than such, for which Appropria-of every Part of the' united Kingdom ;- therefore it is' tions have been made by Parliament, in England, of the agreed that there be rto further Exemption irififtedon Customs, or other Duties, on Export, or Import, Excises for any Part of the united Kingdomybut- that the Con- on all excisable Liquors, or Salt, in respect of which ^deration 6f aniy Exemptions, beyond what? are already Debts, Equivalents are herein before provided. And as agreed onr in this Treat)', shall be left to the Determina- for the Uses, to which the said Sum of £.398,085. 10/. tionr of the Parliament of Great Britain. . to be granted, as aforesaid, and all other Moneys, which 15th- Whereas, by the Terms of thisTreaty, the Sub- are to be answered, or allowed, to , as aforesaid,

jedts of Scotland, for preferring ain Equality of Trade it is agreed; that out of the said Sum of £.398,085. throughout the united* Kingdom, will be liable to several 10 all the publick Debts of the Kingdom or Scotland, Customs, and ExciseS, now payable in England, which and also the Capital Stock, or Fund, of the African and will be applicable towards Payment of the Debts of Et)g~ Indian Company of Scotland, advanced, together with land, contracted before the Union; it is agreed-, that the Interest for the said capital Stock, after the Rate of Scotland shall have an Equivalent for what the Subjects Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the respective thereof shall be so charged towards Payment of the said . Times of the Payment thereof, shall be paid, upon Pay-Debts of England, in all Particulars wh'atfocvef, in Man* ment of which capital Stock, and Interest, it is agreed, ner following, viz. That, before the Union of the said the said Company be difiblved, and cease; and also, that Kingdoms, the Sum of Three hundred Ninety-eight thou- from the time of passing the Act of Parliament in Eng-sand Eighty-five Pounds, and Ten Shillings, be granted land, for raising the said Sum of £.398,085. ioj. the to hef Majesty by the Parliament of England, for the said Company shall neither trade nor grant Licence to Uses after-mentioned, being the Equivalent, to be an- trade: And as to the Overplus of the said Sum of fwered to Scotland for such Parts of the said Customs, £*398,085. 10 after the Payment of the said Debts of and Excises upon all excisable Liquors, with which that the Kingdom of and the said , capital Stock,

Kingdom is to be charged, upon the Union, as will be and Interest; and also the whole Increase of the said applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, Revenues of Customs, Duties, and Excises, above the according to the Proportions, which the present Customs present Value, which shall arise in Scotland, during the in Scotland, being Thirty thousand Pourtds per Atintifn, said Term of Seven Years, together with the Equiva-do bear to the Customs in England, computed at One ' lent, which shall become due, upon account of the Im million Three hundred Forty-one thousand Five hundred prove mtfnt thereof in Scotland, after the said Term; arid Fifty-nine Pounds pet Annum, and which the present and also as to all other Sums, which, according to the Excises on excisable Liquors in Scotland, being Thirty- Agreements aforesaid, may become payable to Scotland, three thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum, do bear by way of Equivalent, for what that Kingdom shall hereto tire Excises on excisable Liquors in England, com- after become liable, towards Payment of the Debts of putedat Nine hundred Forty-seven thousand Six hundred England; it is agreed, that the same be applied in man«» and Two Pounds per Annum; which Sum of Three hun- ner following; to wit, That out of the fame, what Confi-dred Ninety-eight thousand Eighty-five Pounds, and Teri deration shall be found necessary to be had for any Losses, Shillings, shall be due and payable from the Timfe of the which private Persons may sustain, by reducing the Coin Union. And in regard that, after the Union, Scotland of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of becoming liable to the same Customs and DotieS; payable England, maybe made good; and afterwards the same on Import and Export, and to the feme Excises on all shall be wholly applied towards encouraging and pro-excisable Liquors as in England, as well upon that Ac- moting the Fisheries, and such other Manufaduries, and count, as upon Account of the Increase of Trade and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the People, which will be the happy Consequence of the general Good of the united Kingdom. And it is agreed. Union, the said Revenues will much improve, beyond that her Majesty be impowered to appoint Commissioners the before-mentioned annual Values thereof, Of Which (who shall be accountable to the Parliament of Great no present Estimate can be made, yfct, Pevertheless, for Britain) for disposing of the said Sum of £.398,085. the Reasons aforesaid, there ought to be a proportionable 10/. and all other Moneys, which shall arise to Scotland Equivalent answered to Scotlandj it is agreed, that, upon the Agreements aforesaid, to the Purposes before-after the Union, there shall be an Account kept of the mentioned$ which Commissioners shall be impowered said Duties, arising in Scotland, to the end it may appear; to call for, receive, and dispose of, the said Moneys, in What might to be answered in Scotland, as an Equivalent Manner aforesaid, and to insped the Books of the feve-for such Proportion of the said Increase, as shall be ap- ral Collectors of the said Revenues, and of all other plicable to the Payment of the Debts of England. And Duties, from whence an Equivalent may arise j and that for the further and more effectual answering thtf several the Collectors and Managers of the said Revenues, and Ends, hereafter mentioned, it is agreed; that, from and Duties, be obliged to give to the said Commissioners, fub-after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of fefibed, authentick Abbreviates of the Produce of such Customs and Duties on Import and Export, and Excise Revenues, and Duties, arising in their respective Districts; Upon excisable Liquors; to Scotland, over and above the and that the said Commissioners shall have their Office annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above within the Limits of Scotland; and shall in such Office stated, shall go And be applied, for the Term of Seven keep Books, containing Accounts of the Amount of the Years* to the Uses hereafter mentioned; and that, upon Equivalents, and how the same shall have been disposed the said Account, there shall be answered to Scotland an- of from time to time j which may be inspected by any of nually, from the End of Seven Years after the Union, the Subjects, who shall desire the fame.

An Equivalent, in Proportion to such Part of the said 16th. That from and after the Union, the Coin shall Increase, as shall be applicable to the Debts bf England, be of the same Standard, and Value, throughout the And whereas, from the Expiration- of Seven Years after united Kingdom, as now in England -, apd a Mint shall the Union, Scotland is to be liable to the same Duties be continued in Scotland, under the same Rules, as the for Salt, made ih Scotland, ais shall be then payable for Mint in England, subject to such Regulations, as her Salt, nVde in England; it is agreed, that, wheh such Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the Parliament of Duties take place there, an Equivalent shall be answered Great shall think fit.

Ann. a8° Jcmuariu ao i

17th. That, from and after the Union, the same Weights and Meafores shall be used throughout the united Kingdom, as are now established in; and

Standards of Weights and NIcafures shall be kept by those Boroughs in Scotland, to whom the keeping the Standards of Weights and Measures, now in use there, does of special Right belong; all which Standards shall be lent dawn to such respective Boroughs from the Stand* ards, kept in the Exchequer at subject ne-

vertheless to such Regulations, as the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit.

18th. That the Laws^concerning Regulation of Trade, Customs, and such Excises, to which Scotland is, by virtue of this Treaty, to be liable, be the same in Scotland, from and after the Union, as in England; and that all other Laws, in ule within the Kingdom of Scotland, do, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in the same Force,.as-before, except such, as are contrary to, or inconsistent with, the Terms of this Treaty, but alterable by the Parliament of; with

this Difference betwixt the Laws, concerning publick Right, Policy, and civil Government, and‘those, which concern private Rights that the Laws, which concern publick Right, Policy, and civil Government, may be made the same throughout the whole united Kingdom, but that no Alteration be made in Laws, which concern private Right, except for evident Utility of the Subjects wirhin Scotland.

19th. That the Court of Session, or College of Justice, do, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in all Time coming within , as it is now

constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Privileges, as before the Unions subject nevertheless to such Regulations, for the better Admin ill rat ion of Justice, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that the -Court of Justi-ciary do alfc, after five Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in all Time coming within as k

now is constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Privileges, as before the Union; subject nevertheless to such Regulations, as shall be made by the Parliament of and with-

out Prejudice of other Rights of Judiciary: And that all Admiralry Jurisdiction be under the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for the Admiralty, of Great Britain, for the Time being: And that the Court of Admiralty, now established in Scotland, be continued; and that all Reviews, Reductions, or Suspensions, of the Sentences in maritime Cafes, competent to the Jurisdiction of that Court, remain in the same Manner after the Union, as now in Scotland, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be judged expedient for the whole united Kingdom s so as there be always continued in a

Court of Admiralty, such as is in England, for determining all maritime Cafes, relating to private Rights in Scotland, competent to the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court; subject nevertheless to such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: Arid that the heretable Rights of Admiralty, and Vice Admiralties, in Scotland, be reserved to the respective Proprietors, as Rights of Property; subject nevertheless, as to the Manner of exercising such heretable Rights, to such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that all other Courts, now in being within the Kingdom of do remain; but subject to Alterations by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that all inferior Courts, within the said Limits, do remain subordinate, as they are now, to the supreme Courts of Justice within the lame, in all Time coming: And that no Causes yi be cog-

nofceable by the Courts of Chancery, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or any other Court in Westminster j and that the said Courts, or any other of the like Nature, after the Union shall have no Power to cognofce, review, or alter, the Acts or Sentences of the Judica-

Vol. K.

tures within Scotland, or Hop the Execution of the lame:

And that there be a Court of Exchequer in Scotland, after the Union, for deciding Questions, concerning the Revenues of Customs and Excites there, having the same Power and Authority in such Cases, as -the Court of Exchequer has in England; and that the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland have Power of passing Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and in other Things, as the Court of Exchequer, at present in Scotland, hath; and that the Court of Exchequer that now is in Scotland, do remain, until a new Court of Exchequer be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain in Scotland, after the Union: And that, after the Union, the Queen's Majesty, and her royal Successors, may continue a -Privy Council in Scotland, for preserving of publick Peace and Order, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit to alter it, or establishany other effectual Method for that End.

20th. That all heretable Offices, heretable Jurisdictions, Offices for Life, and Jurisdictions for Life, be reserved to the Owners thereof, as Rights of Property, in the same Manner, as they are now enjoyed by the Laws of Scotland, notwithstanding this Treaty.

21 ft. That the Rights and Privileges of the royal Boroughs in Scotland, as they now are, do remain intire after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof.

22d. That, by virtue of this Treaty, of the Peers of of Scotland, at the Time of the Union, Sixteen shall he the Number, to fit and vote in the House of Lords, and Forty-five the Number of the Representives df Scotland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain: And that, when her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall declare her or their Pleasure for holding the first, or any subsequent Parliament of 'Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make further Provision therein, a Writ do issue, under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, commanding them to cause Sixteen Peers, who are to fit in the House of Lords, to be summoned to Parliament, and Forty-five Members to be elected, to fit in the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain, according to the Agreement in this Treaty, in such Manner, as by the Parliament of Scotland shall be settled before the Union; and that the Names ,<of the Persons, so summoned? and elected, shall be returned by the Privy Council of Scotland into the Court, from whence the said Writ did issue: And that, if her Majesty, on or before the First Day of next, on which Day the Union is to take Place, shall declare, under the Great Seal of England, that it is expedient, that the Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of ithe present Parliament of England, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England, then the said Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of England, shall be tbs Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England; and her Majesty may, by her royal Proclamation, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, appoint the fakl First Parliament of Great Britain to meet at fiach Time and Place, as her Majesty shall think fitj which Time shall not be less than Fifty Days after the Date of such Proclamation: And the Time and Plaoe of the Meeting of such Parliament being so appointed, a Writ shall be immediately issued, under the Great Sea( of Great Britain, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, for the fumtnoaing the Sixteen Peers, and for eieding Forty-five Members, by whom Scotland is to be repre-> looted in the Parliament 0 (Gre Britain; and the Lords of Parliament of England, and the Sixteen Peers of Scotland (such Sixteen Peers being summoned and returned, in the Manner agreed in this Treaty) and the Member* of the House of Commons of the said Parliament England, and the Forty-five Members for Scotland (iiich 45 Members being elected, and returned in the Manner agreed in this Treaty) shall afierable and meet respectively in -the respective Houses of the Parliament of

3 U Great

Haim iritft Hcxtlllld

i. Union with . Scotland.

a8° Januarii.

A-i^jo 6.

Great Britain, at such Time and Place, as shall be so appointed by her Majesty, and shall be the Two Houses of the First Parliament of Great Britain; and that Parliament may continue for such Time only, as the present Parliament of England might have continued, if the Union of the two Kingdoms had not been made, unless sooner dissolved by her Majesty: And that every one of the Lords of Parliament of Great , and every Mem-' ber of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain, in the First and all succeeding Parliaments of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall otherwise direct, shall take the respective Oaths appointed to be taken, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, by an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the First Year of the Reign of the late King Williamand Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths;" and make, subscribe, and audibly repeat, the Declaration, mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more efftdlual preserving the King's Person and Government, by dif- abling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament;" and shall take and subscribe the Oath, mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " to declare the Alterations in the Oath, appointed to A be taken by the Act (intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for " extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of " Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and " secret Abettors) and for declaring the Association to " be determined at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Members of both Houses of Parliament of England are by the said respective Acts directed to take, make, and subscribe, the fame, upon the Penalties, and Dilkbilities, in the said respective Acts contained: And it is declared, and agreed, that these Words, " This " Realm," " The Crown of this Realm," and " The " Queen of this Reaim," mentioned in the Oaths and Declaration, contained in the aforesaid Acts, which were intended to signify the Crown and Realm of,

shall be understood of the Crown and Realm of Great Britain; and that in that Sense the said Oaths and Declaration be taken, and subscribed, by the Members of both Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain.

23d. That the aforesaid Sixteen Peers of Scotland, mentioned in the last preceding Article, to fit in the House of Lords of the Parliament of Great Britain, shall have all Privileges of Parliament, which the Peers of England now have, and which they, or any Peers of Great Britain, shall have after the Union; and, particularly the Right of fitting upon the Trials of Peers: And, in case of the Trial of any Peer in Time of Adjournment, or Prorogation, of Parliament, the said Sixteen Peers shall be summoned in the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trial, as any other Peers of Great Brita; and that, in case any Trials of Peers shall hereafter happen, when there is no Parliament in being, the Sixteen Peers of Scotland, who fat in the last preceding Parliament, shall be summoned in the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trials, as any other Peers of Great Britain i And that all Peers of Scotland, and their Successors to their Honours and Dignities, shall, from and after the Union, be Peers of Great,

and have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Peers of the like Orders and Degrees in England at the Time of the Union, and before all Peers of Great Britain, of the like Orders and Degrees, who may be created after the Union; and shall be tried as Peers of Great Britain; and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers, as fully as the Peers of England do now, or as they, or any other Peers of Great Britain, may hereafter, enjoy the fame, except the Right and Privilege of fitting in the

House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and, particularly, the Right of fitting upon the Trials of Peers.

24th. That, from and after the Union, there be one Great Seal for the united Kingdom of Great , which shall be different from the Great Seal, now used in either Kingdom; and that the quartering the Arms, as may bell suit the Union, be left to her Majesty; and that, in the mean Time, the Great Seal of England be used as the Great Seal of the united Kingdom: And that the Great Seal of the united Kingdom be used, for sealing Writs, to cledl, and summon the Parliament of Great Britain, and for sealing all Treaties with foreign Princes and States, and all publick Acts, Instruments, and Orders, of State, which concern the whole united Kingdom, and in all other Matters, relating to England, as the Great Seal of England is now used: And that a Seal in Scotland, after the Union, be always kept and made use of in all things, relating to private Rights, or Grants, which have usually passed the Great Seal of Scotland, and which only concern Offices, Grants, Commissions, and private Rights, within that Kingdom; and that, until such Seal shall be appoimed by her Majesty, the present Great Seal of Scotland Hull be used lor such Purposes: And that the Privy Seal, Signet, Cachet, Signet of the Jufiiciary Court, Quarter Seal, and Sea's of Courts, now uled in Scotland, be continued; but that the said Seals be altered, and adapted to the State of the Union, as her Majesty shall think fit: And the said Seals, and all of them, and the Keepers of them, shall be subject to such Regulations, as the Parliament of Great Britain shall hereafter make.

25th. That all Laws and Statutes in either Kingdom, so far as they are contrary to, or inconsistent with, the Terms ofihele Articles, or any of them, shall, from and after the Union, cease, and become void; and shall be so declared to be by the respective Parliaments of the said Kingdoms.

In Testimony whereof, the Commissioners for the said respective Kingdoms, impowered, as aforesaid, have set their Hands and Seals to these Articles, contained in this

the Day and Year first above written.

Tho. Cantuar. (,) Seafield, Cancellar.

Wm. Cowper, C. S. (,) Qiteciijbi'rry, C. P. 1

G dolphin () Mar> S.

Pembroke, P. (,) Loudoun, S.

Newcastle C. P. S. (,) Sutherland

Devonshire (,) T. Merton

Somerset (,) fVemys

Bolton (,) Leven

Kingston (,) Stair

Sunderland (,) Rofeberie

Orford (,) Glafcozv j 0

Townshend (,) Arch. Campbell

T. Wharton (,) Dupplin

Poulett (,) Roje

Somers (,) Hen. Dalrymple

J. Smith (,) Ad. Cockburne

Hartington (,) . Montgomerie

Granby ( David Dalrymple

C. Hedges () Pat. Johnson

Ro. Harley () 7a. Smollett'

H. Beyle (,) W. Morifon

J. Holt (,) Alexander Grant

Tho. Trevor (,) Wet on

Edw. Norlhey (,) John Clerk

Sim. Harcourt (,) Dan. Steuart

J. Cooke (,) Daniel Campbell.

Stephen Waller ( )

(()

II (,) (,) ( )

( )

(,) (,) (,) (,) ( )

(,) (,) C,) (.) ()

H

The

5 Ann.

a 8° Jantiarii.

263

The said Act of Ratification.

vision for the Defeent of the Crown of made

by another Act of Parliament in in the First

At Edinburgh, the Sixteenth Day of January, in the Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William Fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, and in the Year and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, declaring the of our Lord 1707. " Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the

THE Estates of Parliament considering, that Ar- " Succession of the Crown." tides of Union, of the Kingdoms of Scotland and Eng- 3d. That the united Kingdom of Great Britain be land, were agreed on the Twentieth and second Day of represented by one and the same Parliament, to be Riled July, x 706 Years, by the Commissioners, nominated on The Parliament of Great Britain.

Union with Scotland.

behalf of this Kingdom, under her Majesty's great Seal of Scotland, bearing date the Twentieth and seventh of

February last past, in pursuance of the 4th Act of the Third Session of this Parliament, and the Commission-

4th. That all the Subjects of the united Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from and after the Union, have full Freedom and Intercourse of Trade and Navigation to and from any Port or Place within the said united Kingdom,

ers, nominated on behalf of the Kingdom of England, and the Dominions and Plantations thereunto belonging; under her Majesty's Great Seal of England, bearing date and that there be a Communication of all other Rights, at Westminster the Tenth Day of April last past, in pur- Privileges, and Advantages, which do or may belong to fuance of an Act of Parliament, made in England, the the Subjects of either Kingdom, except where it is other-Third Year of her Majesty's Reign, to treat of and wife expressly agreed in these Articles, concerning an Union of the said Kingdoms; which 5th. That all Ships or Vessels, belonging to her Ma-Articles were in all Humility presented to her Majesty jetty's Subjects of Scotland at the time of ratifying the upon the Twentieth and third of the said Month of Treaty of Union of the two Kingdoms in the Parliament July, and were recommended to this Parliament by her of Scotland (though foreign-built) be deemed and pass, Majesty's royal letter of the Date the Thirty-one Day as Ships of the Built of Great , the Owner, or,

of July, 1706; and that the said Estates of Parliament where there are more Owners, one or more of the

have agreed to, and approven of, the said Articles of Union, with some Additions, and Explanations, as is contained in the Articles hereafter insert; and ficklike her Majesty, with Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, re'olving to establish the Protestant Reli-

Owners, within 12 Months after the First of May next, making Oath, that at the time of ratifying the Treaty of Union in the Parliament of Scotland, the same did, in haill, or in part, belong to him, or them, or to some other Subject or Subjects of Scotland, to be particularly

gion/and Presbyterian Church Government, within this named, with the Place of their respective Abodes; and

Kingdom, has passed in this Session of Parliament an Act, intituled, " Act for securing of the Protestant " Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government," which, by the Tenor thereof, is appointed to be insert in any Act, ratifying the Treaty, and expressly declared to be a fundamental and essential Condition of the said Treaty, or Union, in all Time coming: Therefore her Majesty, with Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, in fortification of the Approbation of the Articles, as above mentioned, and for the further and better Establishment of the fame, upon full and

that the same doth then, at the time of the said Depo-fition, wholly belong to him, or them; and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Sh re, Part, or Interest therein: Which Oath shall be made before the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port next to the Abode of the said Owner, or Owners: And the said Officer or Officers shall be impowered to administer the said Oath; and the Oath, being so administered, shall be attested by the Officer or Officers, who administered the fame; and, being registered by the said Officer or Officers, shall be delivered to the Matter of

mature Deliberation upon the aforesaid Articles of Union, the Ship, for Security of her Navigation; and a Dupli-and Act of Parliament, doth ratify, approve, and confirm the fame, with the Additions, and Explanations, contained in the said Articles, in Manner, and under the Provision, after mentioned, whereof the Tenor follows:

cate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Officer or Officers to the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port of Edinburgh, to be there entered in a Register, and from thence to be sent to the Port of London, to be there entered in a general Register of all trading

lft Article. That the two Kingdoms of Scotland and Ships, belonging to Great Britain,

England shall, upon the First Day of May next enluitig the Date hereof, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the Name of Great Britain; and that the Ensigns Armorial of the said united Kingdom be such, as her Majesty shall appoint; and the Cfife so S:

Andrew and St. George be conjoined in such manner, as her Majesty shall think fit, and used in all Flags, Banners, Standards, and Ensigns, both at Sea and Land.

2d. That the Succession to the Monarchy of the united Kingdom of Great Britain, and of the Domi-

6th. That all Parts of the united Kingdom, for ever, from and after the Union, shall have the same Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations, of Trade, and liable to the feme Customs and Duties, on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, Prohibitions, Restrictions; and Regulations of Trade, and the Customs and Duties onlmport and Export, settled when theUnion

commences, shall, from and after the Union, take place

nions thereto belonging, after her most fecred Majesty, throughout the whole united Kingdom, excepting and and in default of lfl'ue of her Majesty, be, remain, and reserving the Duties upon Export and Import of such continue, to the most excellent Princess <yo/>^L, Electorefs particular Commodities, from which any Persons, the and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of Subjects of either Kingdom, are specially liberated and her Body, being Protestants, upon whom the Crown of exempted by their private Rights, which after the Union, England is settled by an Act of Parliament, made in are to remain safe and intire to them, in all respects, as England, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late before the fame: And that, from and after the Union,

Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better " securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject;" and that all Papists, and Persons marrying Papists, shall be

no Scots Cattle carried unto England, shall be liable to any other Duties, either on the public or private Accounts, than these Duties, to which the Cattle of England are, or shall be, liable within the said Kingdom:

excluded from, and forever incapable to inherit, pofifefs, And, seeing, by the Laws of there are Re-

or enjoy, the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, and the wards granted upon the Exportation of certain Kinds of Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; Grain, wherein Oats, grinded or ungrinded, are not and, in every such Case, the Crown and Government, expressed, that, from and after the Union, when Oats shall from time to time defeend to, and be enjoyed by, shall be sold at Fifteen Shillings Sterling/>er Quarter, or such Person, being a Protestant, as should have inherited under, there shall be paid Two Shillings and Six-pence and enjoyed the fame, in case such Papists, or Person mar- Sterling for every Quarter of the Oatmeal, exported rying a Papist, was naturally dead, according to the Pro- in the Terms of the Law, whereby, and so long as, Yol. 15. Rewards

V

V

8° Janu.

d>

A. 1706.

Union frith Rewards are granted for Exportation of other Grain; and Scotland, that the Beer of Scotland have the feme Rewards, as Bafley: And, in fefpeft the Importation of Victual into Scotland, (from any Plate beyond Sea, would prove a Drfcouragement to Tillage, therefore, that the Prohibi- . tion, as now in force by the Law of against Im-

portation of Victual from Ireland, or any other Place beyond Sea, into Scotland, do, after the Union, remain in the same Force* as now it is, until more proper and effectual -Ways be provided by the Parliament of Great Britain, far discouraging the Importation of the said Victual from beyond Sea.

7th. That all Parts of the united Kingdom be for ever, from and after the Union, liable to the same Excises ,upon all exciseable Liquors, excepting only, that the Thirty-four Gallons E Barrel of Beer or Ale, amounting to twelve Gallons Scots present Measure, fold in Scotland by the Brewer at nine Shillings Six-pence, Sterling, excluding all Duties, and retailed, including Duties, and the Retailers Profit, at Two-pence the Scots Pint, dr Eighth Part of the Scots Gallon, be not, after the Union, liable, on account of the present Excise upon exciseable Liquors in England, to any higher Imposition, than two Shillings Sterling upon the foresaid Thirty-four Gallons English Barrel, being twelve Gallons the present Scots Measure t, and that the Excise, settled in England on all other Liquors, when the Union commences, take place throughout the whole united Kingdom.

8th. That from and after the Union, all foreign Salt, which shall be imported into Scotland, shall be charged, at the Importation there, with the same Duties, as the like Salt is now charged with, being imported into England , and to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner: But, in regard the Duties of great Quantities of foreign Salt, imported, may be very heavy on the Merchants Importers, that therefore all foreign Salt, imported into Scotland, shall be cellared, and locked up, under the Custody of the Merchant Importer, and the Officers, employed for levying the Duties upon Salt s and that the Merchant may have what Quantities thereof his Occasion may require, not under a Wey, or Forty Buftiels, at a time, giving Security for the Duty of what Quantity he receives, payable in six Months: But Scotland shall, for the Space of seven Years from the said Union, be exempted from paying, in Scotland, for Salt, made there, the Duty or Excise, now payable for Salt, made in England; but, from the Expiration of the said seven Years, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties for Salt, made in Scotland, as shall be then payable for Salt, made in England; to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner, and with proportional Drawbacks, and Allowances, as in England; with this Exception, that Scotland shall, after the said seven Years, remain exempted from the Duty of Two Shillings and Four-pence a Bushel on home Salt, imposed by an Act, made in England, in the ninth and tenth of King William the 3d of England; and, if the Parliament of Great Britain dial), at or before the expiring of the said seven Years, substitute any other Fund in place of the said two Shillings and Four-pence of Excise on the Buffiel of hofne Salt, Scotland shall, after the said seven Years, bear a Proportion of the said Fund, and hare an Equivalent in the Terms of this Treaty: And that, during the said seven Years, there shall be paid in England for all Salt, made in Scotland, and imported from thence into England, the same Duties, upon the Importation, as shall be payable for Salt, made in; to be levied

and secured, in the same Manner, as the Duties on foreign Salt, are to be levied, and secured, in England: And that, after the said seven Years, how long the said Duty of two Shillings and Four-pence a Buthel upon Salt is continued in England, the said two Shillings Four-pence a Bushel shall be payable for all Salt, made in Scotland, and imported into England; to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner: And that, during the Continuance of the Duty of two Shillings Four-peace a Buibel upon Salt, made in no Salt

whatsoever be brought from Scotland to England by Land, in any Manner, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Salt, and the Cattle and Carriages, made use of in bringing the feme, and paying twenty Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; for which the Carrier, as well as the Owner, shall be liable, jointly and severally; and the Persons bringing or carrying the fame, to be imprisoned by any one Justice of the Peace, by the Space of six Months, and without Bail, and until the Penalty be paid: And, for establishing an equality in Trade, that all Fleshes, exported from Scotland to England, and put on board in Scotland, to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and Provisions for Ships in Scotland, and for foreign Voyages, may be salted with Scots Salt, paying the same Duty for what Salt is so employed, as the like Quantity of such Salt pays in England and under the feme Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions, for preventing of Frauds, as are mentioned in the Laws of land: And that, from and after the Union, the Laws and Acts of Parliament in Scotland, for pincing, curing, and packing, of Herrings, White Fish, and Salmon, for Exportation, with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, and for preventing of Frauds in curing and packing of Fish, be continued in force in Scotland, subject to such Alterations, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that all Fish, exported from Scotland to Parts beyond the Seas, which shall be cured with foreign Salt only, and without Mixture of British or Irish Sait, shall have the same Eases, Premiums, and Drawbacks, as are or shall be allowed to such Persons, as export the like Fish from England: And that, for Encouragement of the Herring Fishing, there shall be allowed and paid to the Subjects, Inhabitants of Great Britain, during the present Allowances for other Fillies, ten Shillings Five-pence Sterling for every Barrel of White Herrings, which shall be exported from Scotland:And that there shall be allowed five Shillings Sterling for every Barrel of Beef, or Pork, salted with foreign Salt, without Mixture of British or Irish Salt, and exported for Sale, from Scotland, to Parts beyond Sea, alterable by the Parliament of Great Britain: And, if any Matters, or Fraud, relating to the said Duties on Salt, shall hereafter appear, which are not sufficiently provided against by this Article, the same shall be subject to such further Provisions, as shall be thought fit by the Parliament of Great Britain.

9th. That whenever the Sum of £. 1,997,763. 8r. 4f d. shall be enacted by the Parliament of Great Britain to be raised in that Part of the united Kingdom, now called England, on Land, and other Things, usually charged in Acts of Parliament there, for granting an Aid to the Crown by a Land Tax, that Part of the united Kingdom, now called Scotland, shall be charged by the same Act with a further Sum of £.48,000 free of all Charges, as the Quota of Scotland to f uch Tax; and so proportionally for any greater or Idler Sum, raised in England by any Tax on Land, and other Things, usually charged together with the Land; and that such Quota for Scotland, in the Cafes aforesaid, be raised and collected in the same Manner as the Cess now is in Scotland, but subject to such Regulations in the Manner of collecting, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain.

10th. That, during the Continuance of the respective Duties on Stampt Paper, Vellum, and Parchment, by the several Acts, now in force in England, Scotland shall not be charged with the same rdpeftive Duties.

nth. That, during the Continuance of the Duties, payable in England on Windows and Lights, which determines on the First Day of August, 1710, Scotland shall not be charged with the feme Duties.

12th. That, during the Continuance of the Duties, payable in England on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which determines the 30th Day of September, 1710, Scotland shall not be charged therewith, for Coals, Culm, and Cinders, consumed there; but shall be charged with the fame

5 Ann.

a 8® Jantiarii.

lame Duties, as in England, for all Coal, Culm, and Cinders, not confirmed in Scotland.

13th. That, during the Continuance of the Duty, payable in England on Malt, which determines the 24th

Day of June, 1707, Scotland shall not be charged with that Duty.

14th. That the Kingdom of Scotland be not charged with any other Duties, laid on by the Parliament of before the Union, except these consented to in this Treaty; in regard it is agreed, that all necessary Provision shall be made by the Parliament of Scotland for the publick Charge and Service of that Kingdom, for the Year 1707: Provided nevertheless, that, if the Parliament of England shall think fit to lay any further Impositions, by way of Customs, or such Excises, with which, by virtue of this Treaty, Scotland is to be charged equally with England, in such same Scotland shall be liable to the same Customs, and Excises, and have an Equivalent, to be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain; with this further Provision, that any Malt, to be made and consumed in that Part of the united Kingdom, now called Scotland, shall not be charged with any Imposition

upon Malt, during this present War. And seeing it cannot be supposed, that the Parliament of Great Britain will ever lay any forts of Burthens upon the united Kingdom, but what they shall find of Necessity at that Time, for the Preservation and Good of the whole, and with due Regard to the Circumstances and Abilities of every Part of the united Kingdom; therefore it is agreed, that there be it further Exemption infilled upon for any Part of the united Kingdom, but that the Consideration of any Exemptions, beyond what are already agreed On in this Treaty, shall be left to the Determination of the Parliament of Great Britain.

15th. Whereas, by the Terms of this Treaty, the Subjects of Scotland, for preserving an Equality of Trade throughout the united Kingdom, will be liable to several Customs, and Excises, now payable in , which

will be applicable towards Payment of the Debts of England, contrafted before the Union; it is agreed, that Scotland shall have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof shall be so charged towards Payment of the said Debts of England, in all Particulars whatsoever, in manner following; viz. That, before the Union of the said Kingdoms, the Sum of £.398,085. 10 s. be granted to her Majesty by the Parliament of , for the Uses

after-mentioned, being the Equivalent, to be answered to Scotland (or such Parts of the said Customs, and Exciles upon all excisable Liquors, with which that Kingdom is to be charged, upon the Union, as will be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England. according to the Proportions, which the present Customs in Scotland, being Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, do bear to the Customs in England, computed at £. 1,341,559 per Annum, and which the present Excises on excisable Liquors in Scotland, being £. 33,500 per Annum, do bear to the Exciles on excisable Liquors in England, computed at £. 947,602 per Annum; which Sum of£. 398,085. 10 s.shall be due and payable from the Time of the Union: And, in regard that, after the Union, Scotland becoming liable to the same Customs and Duties, payable on Import and Export, and to the same Exciles on all excisable Liquors, as in England, as well upon that Account, as upon the Account of the Increase of Trade and People, which will be the happy Consequence of the Union, the said Revenues will much improve, beyond the before-mentioned annual Values thereof, of which no present Estimate can be made, yet, nevertheless, for the Reasons aforesaid, there ought to be a proportionable Equivalent answered to Scotland; it is agreed, that, after the Union, there shall be an Account kept of the said Duties, arising in Scotland, to the end it may appear, what ought to be answered to Scotland, as an Equivalent for such Proportion of the said Increase,' as shall be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England. And, for the further and moje effectual answering the several Ends hereafter mentioned,

Vo l. 15.

it is agreed, that, from and after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs and Duties on Import and Export, and Excise upon excisable Liquors, in Scotland, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above Hated, shall go and be applied, for the Term of Seven Years, to the Uses hereafter mentioned; and that, upon the said Account, there shall be answered to Scotland annually, from the End of Seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent, in Proportion to such Part of the said Increase, as shall be applicable to the Debts of England; and, generally* that an Equivalent shall be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the English Debts, as Scotland may hereafter become liable to pay, by reason of the Union, other than such, for which Appropriations have been made by Parliament, in England, of the Customs, or other Duties, on Export and Import, Excise ons all excisable Liquors, in respect of which Debts Equivalents are herein before provided. And as for the Uses, to which the said Sum of £.398,085. 10 to be granted, as aforesaid, and all other Moneys, which are to be answered, or allowed, to Scotland, as said is, are to be applied, it is agreed, that, in the first Place, out of the foresaid Sum what Consideration shall be found necessary to be had for any Losses, which private Persons may sustain, by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of Engl may be made good i In the next Placer that the capital Stock, or Fund, of the African and Indian Company of advance^,

together witfrthe Incereft for the said capitalStock, after the rate of Five per. Cent, per Annum, from the respective Times of the Payment thereof, shall be paid; upon Payment of which capital Stock, and Interest, it is agreed, the said Company be dissolved, and cease; and also, that, from the Time of passing the Act of Parliament in England, for raising the said Sum of£. 398,085. for the said Company shall neither trade, nor grant Licence to trade; providing, that, if the said Stock, and Interest, shall not be paid in Twelve Months after the Commencement of the Union, that then the said Company may from thenceforward trade, or give Licence to trade, until the said haill capital Stock, and Interest, shall be paid: And as to the Overplus of the said Sum of £.398,085. ior. after Payment of what Consideration shall be had for Losses, in repairing the Coin, and paying the said capital Stock, and Interest; and also the haill Increase of the said Revenues of Customs, Duties, and Exifes, above the present Value, which shall arise in Scotland, during the said Term of Seven Years, together with the Equivalent, which shall become due, upon the Improvement thereof in ,after the said Term; and also as to all other Sums, which, according to the Agreements aforesaid, may become payable to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, for what that Kingdom shall hereafter become liable, towards Payment of the Debt of England; it is agreed, that the same be applied in manner following; viz. That all the publick Debts of the Kingdom of Scotland, as shall be adjusted by this present Parliament, shall be paid; and that £. a,000 per Annum, for the Space of Seven Years, shall be applied towards encouraging and promoting the Manufacture of Coarse Wool within these Shires, which produce the Wool; and that the First £.2,000 Sterling be paid at Martinmas next, and so yearly. at Martinmas, during the Space aforesaid; and afterwards the same shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements, in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the united Kingdom. And it is agreed, that her Majesty be impowered to appoint Commissioners, who shall be accountable to the Parliament of Great Britain, for disposing the said Sum of £. 398,085. 10 s. and all other Moneys, which shall arise to Scotland upon the Agreements aforesaid, to the Purposes before mentioned; which Commissioners shall be impowered to call for, receive, and dispose of, the said Moneys, in manner aforesaid, and to inspect the

3 X Books

Union with Scotland.

a 66 28* Januarii. A.\']o6.

Union with Books of the several Collectors of the said Revenues, Great and without Prejudice of other Rights

Scotland. and cf all other Duties, from whence an Equivalent may of Judiciary: And that all Admiralty Jurisdictions be arise; and that the Collectors and Managers of the said under the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for Revenues and Duties be obliged to give to the said the Admiralty, of Great for the Time being j

Commissioners, subscribed, authentick Abbreviats of and that the Court of Admiralty, now established in the Produce of such Revenues and Duties, arising in , be continued; and that all Reviews, Re-

their respective Districts; and that the said Commission- ductions, or Suspensions, of the Sentences in maritime ers shall have their Office within the Limits of Scotland, Cafes, competent to the J urifcliction of that Court, and shallin such Office keep Books, containing Accounts remain in the same manner after the Union, as now in of the Amount of the Equivalents, and how the same ,until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make

shall have been disposed of, from time to time, which such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be judged may be inspected by any of the Subjects, who shall de- expedient for the whole united Kingdom; so as there be fire the fame. always continued in Scotland a Court of Admiralty, such

16th. That, from and after the Union, the Coin shall as in for Determination of all maritime Cafes,

be of the same Standard and Value throughout the united relating to private Rights in Scotland, competent to the Kingdom, as now in England', and a Mint shall be Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court; subject, neverthe-continued in Scotland, under the same Rules, as the less, to such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be Mint in England; and the present Officers of the Mint thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great continued, subject to such Regulations, and Alterations, Britain: And that the heretable Rights of Admiralty* as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or the Parlia- and Vice Admiralties, in Scotland, be reserved to the ment of Great Britain, shall think fit. respective Proprietors, as Rights of Property; subject, 17th. That, from and after the Union, the same nevertheless, as to the manner of exercising such heretable Weights and Measures shall be used throughout the Rights, to such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall united Kingdom, as are now established in England; be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of and Standards of Weights and Measures shall be kept Great Britain: And that all other Courts, now in being by those Burghs in Scotland, to whom the keeping the within the Kingdom of Scotland, do remain; but fub-Standards of Weights and Measures, now in use there, ject to Alterations by the Parliament of Great Britain: does of special Right belong; all which Standards shall And that all inferior Courts, within the said Limits, do be lent down to such respective Burghs from the Stan- remain subordinate, as they are now, to the supreme dards kept in the Exchequer at Westminster\ subject never- Courts of Justice within the same, in all time coming: theless to such Regulations, as the Parliament of Great And that no Causes in Scotland be cognofcible by the Britain shall think fit. Courts of Chancery, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas,

18th. That the Laws concerning.Regulation of Trade, or any other Court in Westminster; and that the Customs, and such Excises, to which Scotland is, by said Courts, or any other of the like Nature, after the virtue of this Treaty, to be liable, be the same in Scot- Union, shall have no Power to cognofce, review, or land, from and after the Union, as in England i and that alter, the Acts or Sentences of the Judicatures within all other Laws, in use within the Kingdom of Scotland, Scotland, or flop the Execution of the fame: And that do, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, re- there be a Court of Exchequer in Scotland, after the main in the same Force, as before, except such, as are Union, for deciding Questions, concerning the Revenues contrary to, or inconsistent with, this Treaty, but alter- of Customs and Excises there, having the same Power able by the Parliament of Great Britain; with this Dif- and Authority in such Cases, as the Court of Exchequer ference betwixt the Laws, concerning publick Right, has in England $ and that the said Court of Exchequer Policy, and civil Government, and those, which con- in Scotland have Power of passing Signatures, Gifts, cern private Right; that the Laws, which concern pub- Tutories, and in other Things, as the Court of Exche-lick Right, Policy, and civil Government, may be made quer at present in Scotland hath; and that the Court of the same throughout the whole united Kingdom, but Exchequer, that now is in Scotland, do remain, until a that no Alteration be made in Laws, which concern pri- new Court of Exchequer be settled by the Parliament of vateRight, except for evident Utility of the Subjects Great Britain in Scotland, after the Union: And that, within Scotland. after the Union, the Queen's Majesty, and her royal Suc-

19th. That the Court of Session, or College of Justice, cefiors, may continue a Privy Council in Scotland, for pre-do, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, re- serving of publick Peace and Order, until the Parliament main in all time coming within Scotland, as it is now of Great Britain shall think fit to alter it, or establish constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the any other effectual Method for that End. same Authority and Privileges, as before the Union; 20th. That all heretable Offices, Superiorities, he-subject, nevertheless, to such Regulations, for the better retable Jurisdictions, Offices for Life, and Jurisdictions Administration of Justice, as shall be made by the Par- for Life, be reserved to the Owners thereof, as Rights liament of Great Britain: And that hereafter none shall of Property, in the same Manner, as they are now be named by her Majesty, or her royal Successors, to enjoyed by the Laws of Scotland, notwithstanding of this be ordinary Lords of Session, but such, who have served Treaty.

in the College of Justice, as Advocates, or principal 21 ft. That the Rights and Privileges of the royal Clerks of Session, for the Space of Five Years, or as Burghs in , as they now are, do remain intire

Writers to the Signet, for the Space of Ten Years; after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, with this Provision, that no Writer to the Signet be 22d. That, by virtue of this Treaty, of the Peers capable to be admitted a Lord of the Session, unless he of Scotland, at the Time of the Union, Sixteen shall be undergo a private and publick Trial on the Civil Law the Number, to fit and vote in the House of Lords, before the Faculty of Advocates, and be found by them and Forty-five the Number of the Representatives of qualified for the said Office, two Years before he be Scotland in the House of the Commons of the Parlia-named to be a Lord of the Session; yet so as the Qualifi- ment of Great; and that, when her Majesty,

cations, made, or to be made, for capacitating Persons her Heirs or Successors, shall declare her or their Plea-to be named brdinary Lords of Session, may be altered sure for holding the first, or any subsequent. Parliament by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that the of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain Court of Judiciary do also, after the Union, and shall make further Provision therein, a Writ do issue, notwithstanding thereof, remain in all time coming under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, directed within Scotland, as it is now constituted by the Laws of to the Privy Council of Scotland, commanding them to that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Pri- cause Sixteen Peers, who are to fit in the House of Lords, vileges, as before the Union; subject, nevertheless, to to be summoned to Parliament, and Forty-five Members . such Regulations, as shall be made by the Parliament of to be elected, to fit in the House of Commons of the

Parliament

5 Ann, 2S6 Januarii. 2

Parliament of Great Britain, according to the Agree- make, and subscribe, the lame, Upon the Penalties, and Union with ment in this Treaty, in such manner, as by a subse- Disabilities, in the said respective Acts contained: And Seotlaud. quest Act of this present Session of the Parliament of . it is declared, and agreed, that these Words, This Scotlandlhall be settled; which Act is hereby declared to " Realm," " The Crown of this Realm," and "The be as valid, as if it were a Part of, and ingrqffed in, '* Queen of this Realm," mentioned in the Oaths, and this Treaty} and that the Names of the Persons, so Declaration, contained in the aforesaid Acts, which were summoned, and elected, shall be returned by the Privy intended to signify the Crown and Realm of Council of Scotland into the Court, from whence the shall be understood of the Crown and Realm of Great said Writ did issue: And that, if her Majesty, on or Britain; and that in that Sense the said Oaths, and before the first Day of May next, on which Day the Declaration, be taken, and subscribed, by the Members Union is to take Place, shall declare, under the Great of both Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain.

Seal of England, that it is expedient, that the Lords of 23d. That the foresaid Sixteen Peers of Scotland,

Parliament of England, and Commons of the present mentioned in the last preceding Article, to fit in the Parliament of England, should be the Members of the House of Lords of the Parliament of Great Britain, respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great shall have all Privileges of Parliament, which the Peers Britain, for and on the Part of England, then the said of England now have, and which they or any Peers of Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the Great Britain, shall have after the Union, and, parti-present Parliament ok England, shall be the Members of cularly, the Right of fitting upon the Trials of Peers} the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great and in case of the Trial of any Peer in Time of Ad-Britain, for and on the Part of England; and her Ma- journment, or Prorogation, of Parliament, the said Six-jesty may, by her royal Proclamation, under the Great teen Peers shall be summoned in the same Manner, and Seal of Great Britain, appoint the said first Parliament have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trial, as of Great Britain to meet at such Time and Place, as any other Peers of Great Britain; and that, in case any her Majesty shall think fit; which Time shall not be Trials of Peers shall hereafter happen, when there is no -less than Fifty Days after the Date of such Proclamation; Parliament in being, the Sixteen Peers of Scotland, who and the Time and Place of the meeting of such Par- fat in the last preceding Parliament, shall be summoned liament being so appointed, a Writ shall be immediately in the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Pri-issued, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, directed vileges at such Trials, as any other Peers of Great Brito the Privy Council of Scotland, for the summoning tain: And that all Peers of Scotland, and their Succef-the Sixteen Peers, and for electing Forty-five Members, fors to their Honours and Dignities, shall, from and by whom Scotland is to be represented in the Parliament after the Union, be Peers of Great and have

of Great Britain: And the Lords of Parliament of Eng-Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the land, and the Sixteen Peers of Scotland (such Sixteen Peers of the like Orders and Degrees in England at the Peers being summoned, and returned, in the Manner Time of the ynion, and before all Peers of Great Bri-agreed in this Treaty) and the Members of the House tain, of the like Orders and Degrees, who may be cre-of Commons of the said Parliament of England, and ated after the Union } and shall be tried as Peers of Great the Forty-five Members for Scotland, (such Forty-five Britain; and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers, as fully.

Members being elected, and returned, in the Manner as the Peers of England do now, or as they, or any agreed in this Treaty) shall assemble and meet respect other Peers of Great Britain, may hereafter enjoy the tively in their respective Houses of the Parliament of Great fame, except the Right and Privilege of fitting in the Britain, at such Time arid Place, as shall be so appoint*- House of Ix>rds, and the Privileges depending thereon, ed by her Majesty, and shall be the Two Houses of the and, particularly, she Right of fitting upon the Trials first Parliament of Great Britain; and that Parliament of Peers.

may continue for such Time only, as the present Par- 24th. That, from and after the Union, there be one liament of England might have continued, if the Union Great Seal for the united Kingdom of Great Britain, of the Two Kingdoms had not been made, unless sooner which shall be different from the Great Seal, now used dissolved by her Majesty: And that every one of the in either Kingdom; and that the quartering the Arms,

Lords of Parliament of Great Britain, and every Mem- and the Rank and Precedency of the Lyon King of Arms, ber of the House of Commons of the Parliament of of the Kingdom of Scotland, as may best suit the Union,

Great Britain, in the first and all succeeding Parliaments be left to her Majesty; and that, in the mean time, the of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain Great Seal of England be used as the Great Seal of the shall otherwise direct, shall take the respective Oaths, united Kingdom: And that the Great Seal of the united appointed to be taken, instead of the Oaths of Al- Kingdom be used, for sealing Writs, to elect, and sum-legiance, and Supremacy, by an Act of Parliament, made mon, the Parliament of Great Britain, and for sealing in England, in the first Year of the Reign of the late all Treaties with foreign Princes and States, and all pub-King William and Queen Mary, intituled," An Act lick Acts, Instruments, and Orders, of State, which

for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and concern the whole united Kingdom, and in all other " Allegiance, and appointing other Oathsand make, Matters relating to England, as the Great Seal of Eng-subscribe, and audibly repeat, the Declaration, men- land is now used: And that a Seal in Scotland, after the tioned in an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the Union, be always kept, and made use of in all Things,

Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, relating to private Rights, or Grants, which have usually intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preserving passed the Great Seal of Scotland, and which only con-" the King's Person and Government, by disabling cern Offices, Grants, Commissions, and private Rights,

" Papists from fitting in either House of Parliamentwithiti that Kingdom; and that, until such Seal shall be and shall take and subscribe the Oath, mentioned in an appointed by her Majesty, the present Great Seal of Act of Parliament, made in England, in the first Year Scotland shall be used for such Purposes: And that the of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to de- Privy Seal, Signet, Caffet, Signet of the Justiciary " clare the Alterations in the Oath, appointed to be Court, Quarter Seal, and Seals of Courts, now used in " taken by the Act (intituled, An Act for the further Scotland, be continued} but that the said Seals be altered,

Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession and adapted to the State of the Union, as her Majesty " of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for ex- shall think fit: And the said Seals, and all of them,

" tinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of and the Keepers of them, shall be subject to such ReguWales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and lations, as the Parliament of Great Britain shall heresecret Abettors)and for declaring the Association to after make: And that the Crown, Scepter, and Sword " be determinedat such Time, and in such Manner, of State, the Records of Parliament, and all other Records,

'as the Members of both Houses of Parliament of Eng- Rolls, and Registers, whatsoever, both publick and pri-land are by the said respective Acts directed to take, vate, general and particular, and Warrands thereof, con-Vol. 15. tinu'e.

268 28° Januarii. A, 170

Union with tinue to be kept, as they are, within that Part of the or Provision, they may be thereto provided. And fur-Scotland, united Kingdom, now called Scotland', and that they ther, her Majesty, with Advice aforesaid, expressly de-shall so remain in all Time coming, notwithstanding of dares and statutes, that none of the Subjects of this the Union. Kingdom shall be liable to, but all and every one of them

25th. That all Laws and Statutes in either Kingdom, for ever free of, any Oath, Test, or Subscription, within as far as they are contrary to, or inconsistent with, the this Kingdom, contrary to, or inconsistent with, the Terms of these Articles, or any of them, shall, from foresaid true Protestant Religion, and Presbyterian and after the Union, cease, and become void; and shall Church Government, Worship, and Discipline, as be so declared to be by the respective Parliaments of the above established; and that the fame, within the Bounds said Kingdoms. of this Church and Kingdom, shall never be imposed upon, or required of, them, in any Sort. And lastly, that, Followes the Tenor of the aforesaid Act, for securing after the Decease of her present Majesty (whom God long the Protestant Religion, and Presbyterian Church preserve) the Sovereign, succeeding to her in the royal Government. Government of the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall in

OUR sovereign Lady, and the Estates of Parlia- all Time coming, at his or her Accession to the Crown, ment, considering, that by the late Act of Parliament, swear, and subscribe, that they shall inviolably maintain for a Treaty with England, for an Union of both and preserve the foresaid Settlement of the true Protes--Kingdoms, it is provided, that the Commissioners for tant Religion, with the Government, Worship, Disci-that Treaty should not treat of or concerning any Alte- pline. Right, and Privileges, of this Church, as above ration of the Worship, Discipline, and Government, of established by the Laws of this Kingdom, in Prosecution, the Church of this Kingdom, as now by Law established; of the Claim of Right. And it is hereby statute and which Treaty being now reported to the Parliament; ordained, that this Act of Parliament, with the Efta-and it being reasonable, and necessary, that the true Pro- blishment therein contained, shall be held and observed testant Religion, as presently professed within this King- in all Time coming, as a fundamental and essential Condom, with the Worship, Discipline, and Government, dition of any Treaty, or Union, to be concluded be-of this Church, should be effectually, and unalterably, fe- twixt the two Kingdoms, without any Alteration there-cured; therefore her Majesty, with Advice and Con- of, or Derogation thereto, in any Sort, for ever; as also, lent of the said Estates of Parliament, doth hereby efta- that this Act of Parliament, and Settlement thereincon-blish and confirm the said true Protestant Religion, and tained, shall be insert and repeated in any Act of Parlia-the Worship, Discipline, and Government of this ment, that shall pass, for agreeing and concluding the Church, to continue, without any Alteration, to the foresaid Treaty, or Union, betwixt the two Kingdoms; People of this Land, in all succeeding Generations: And, and that the same shall be therein expressly declared to be more especially, her Majesty, with Advice and Consent a fundamental and eftential Condition of the said Treaty aforesaid, ratifies, approves, and for ever confirms, the or Union, in all Time coming: Which Articles of Fifth Ad of the first Parliament of King William and Union, and Ad immediately above-written, her Ma-Queen Mary, intituled, "Ad, ratifying the Confession jesty, with Advice and Consent foresaid, statutes, enads, " of Faith, and settling Presbyterian Church Govern- and ordains, to be and continue, in all Time comment," with the haill other Acts of Parliament, re- ing, the sure and perpetual Foundation of a complete lating thereto, in Prosecution of the Declaration of the and intire Union of the two Kingdoms of Scotland and Estates of this Kingdom, containing the Claim of Right, England; under the Express Condition and Provision, bearing Date the Eleventh of April, 1689. And her that this Approbation and Ratification of the foresaid Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, expressly Articles, and Ad, shall be no ways binding on this King-provides, and declares, that the foresaid true Protestant dom, until the said Articles, and Ad, be ratified, ap-Religion, contained in the above-mentioned Confession proven, and confirmed, by her Majesty, with and by of Faith, with the Form and Purity of Worship, pre- the Authority of the Parliament of England, as they are fently in use within this Church, and its Presbyterian now agreed to, approven, and confirmed, by her Ma-Church Government and Discipline, that is to say, the jesty, with and by the Authority of the Parliament of Government of the Church by Kirk Sessions, Prefby- Scotland: Declaring, nevertheless, that the Parliament tries, Provincial Synods, and General Assemblies, all of England may provide for the Security of the Church established by the foresaid Acts of Parliament, pursuant to of England, as they think expedient to take Place within the Claim of Right/shall remainand continue unalterable, the Bounds of the said Kingdom of England, and not and that the said Presbyterian Government shall be the derogating from the Security above provided, for efta-only Government of the Church within the Kingdom of blishing of the Church of Scotland within the Bounds of Scotland. And further, for the greater Security of the this Kingdom; as also the said Parliament of England, foresaid Protestant Religion, and of the Worship, Dif- may extend the Additions, and other Provisions, con-cipline, and Government, of this Church, as above efta- tained in the Articles of Union, as above insert in fa-blished, her Majesty, with Advice and Consent foresaid, Vors of the Subjects of Scotland, to and in favors of statutes and ordains, that the Universities and Colleges the Subjects of England-, which shall not fLfpend, or of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Aberdeen, and Edinburgh, derogate from, the Force and Effect of this present as now established by Law, shall continue within this Ratification, but shall be understood as herein included, Kingdom for ever; and that, in all Time coming, no without the Necessity of any new Ratification in the Par-Professors, Principals, Regents, Matters, or others, liament of Scotland. And lastly, her Majesty enads and bearing Office in any University, College, or School, declares, that all Laws and Statutes in this Kingdom, so within this Kingdom, be capable, or be admitted or al- far as they are contrary to, or inconsistent with, the lowed to continue in the Exercise of their said Func- Terms of these Articles, as above-mentioned, shall, from tions, but such, as shall own and acknowlege the civil and after the Union, cease, and become void.

The Act of Parliament, written on this and the foregoing Nineteen Pages, is extracted from the Records of Parliament, and each of the said Pages is signed by me, Sir James Murray, cf Phi/iphaugk, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, Clerk to the Parliament, and to her Majesty's Councils, Registers, and Rolls,

Ja. Murray, Cl's Reg.

The

Government, m Manner prefenbed, or to be prescribed, by the Acts of Parliament; as also, that, before or at their Admissions, they do and shall acknowledge and profess, and shall subscribe to, the foresaid Confession of Faith; as the Confession of their Faith, and that they will practise, and conform themselves to, the Worship, presently in use in this Church, and submit themselves to the Government and Discipline thereof, and never endeavour, directly or indirectly, the Prejudice or Subver-fion of the same; and that before the respective Prefby-Wies of their Bounds, by whatsoever Gift, Presentation,

.Address on Speech, &c-

Hawking

Butchers

Meat.

Williams'

Estate.

Sussex

Election.

Poor Relief.

Call of the House.

Thomas'

Estate.

5 Ann. 28* — 290 Januarii. 9

The Title of the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the Commissioners was read.

And the said Book is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Articles of Union, and Act of Ratification of them by the Parliament of Scotland.

Ordered, That the Articles of Union, and Act of Ratification, as also the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, be printed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that shewill.be pleated to give Orders, that the Minutes of the Proceedings of the former Commissioners, appointed in the First Year of her Reign, to treat of an Union, may belaid before this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers forth. Yeas} 49-

Tellers for the

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for her most gracious Speech this Day to both Houses of Parliament, and for communicating to this House the Articles of Union, and the Act of Parliament in Scotland, for Ratification thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornb Mr. Skippott, Mr. Farter, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mompejon, Mr. Shepherd, Sir John Spencer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Winstanley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Breeders of Cattle is referred.

Resolved, That the Bill for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate, in London, late the Estate of WtUiams, Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof, do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate, in late the Estate of William Williams, Esquire, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Peachy have Leave to withdrawn his Petition, touching the Election for the County of SuJJ'ex.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Clause, offered to the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, be further adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members, as made Default to appear, upon the Call of the House the 14th Instant, and were not excused, be called over on Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 29* Januarii;

Anno 5* Anns Regins, 1706. Prayers.

SI R William Ashhurst reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Vo 1. 15.

their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the fame, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir John Mcr daunt (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the nth and iath Years of the late King William, for the Punishment of Vagrants; and also of an Act, made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, for the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual: And the same was received.

A Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and supplying the Defects, in an Act, passed in the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baynes, for discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provisions for his Daughters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Henry Darell, Esquire, deceased, and leafing other Part, for raising Moneys, to pay his Debts, charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Henry Darell, Esquire, deceased, and leafing, or mortgaging, other Part, for raising Moneys, to pay his Debts, charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Blathwayte, from the Commissioners of Trade

and Plantations (according to Order) presented to the House, Their Answer to the Order, relating to the Trade and Fisheryof Newfoundland.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Answer is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Answer be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Sir Robert Demers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Trade of this Kingdom, the Resolution$, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that the proper Officers may lay before the House, what Duties are upon Sifters Thread, and also what Duties are upon Lace, and how much the said Duties on Thread have amounted to for the Three Years last past.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that the proper Officers may lay before the House, what Duties are laid upon the Exportation of the Product and Manufactures of this Kingdom, under the several Heads and Denominations, and how much they have amounted to severally for the Three Years last past.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, what Duties are upon Sifters Thread, and also what Duties are on Lace, and# how much the said Duties on Thread have amounted to for the Three Years last past.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, what Duties are laid upon the Exportation of the Product and Manufactures of this Kingdom, under the several Heads and Denominations, and how much they have amounted to severally for the Three Years last past.

3Y An

Punishing

Vagrants.

Baynes'

Estate*

Dar ell's Estate*

Newfoundland Fiftiery.

Stateof

Trad#,

York

Ktgiftry.

Ways knd Means,

Devizes

Election.

Answer to Address.

Fees of Six Clerks in Chancery.

Importing

Foreign

Thread-laces.

Felons — repealing Clause relating to their Punishment.

270 290 — 30 0 JanuarA. 1706.

An ingrossed Bill for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, within the West Riding of the County of with the Register there, lately provided, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That, upon Proof, made before the Register, of the Satisfaction of any Mortgage, Statute, Judgment, or other Security, the Register shall make an Entry thereof in the Marge nt.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.-

Then the Amendments following'were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 4. L. io. After " Defendants" add " the Sums " thereby recovered."

L. 14. After t( therein" add " and for what

" Sums."

L. 38. After " Hand" add " testified by two " credible Witnesses."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved\That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, within the West Riding of the County of York, in the Regii'ter Office there, lately provided, and for making the said Register more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Monflon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Webb have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of the Devizes, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, Returning the humble Thanks of this House, for her most gracious Speech Yesterciay to 'noth Houses, and for communicating to this House the Articles of Union, and the Act of Parliament in Scotland, for Ratification thereof; her Majesty received the same very graciously; and was p'eased to say. She was well pleated, that what she had done was so much to the Satisfaction of this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Six Clerks, and sworn Clerks, in the Court of Chancery, were referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Resolution of the Twenty-second Instant, for Repeal of the Act, of the 13 and 14th Years of King Charles the 2d, and all other Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread (except such, as are made in the Dominions of the French King) so far as they relate to such Laces; and that Mr. Mr. Ireton, Mr.

Brewer, Sir John Guise, and Is I r. Colchester, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing Felons, that commit Burglaries, House breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peyton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Lord Coningsby, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Freeman, Serjeant Birch, Mr. Moncton, Mr.

Sir H. Mackwcrth, Lord P Mr. Mr.

Prevail ion, Mr. Ccfar, Sir John , Mr.

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Phornhagh, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Shepard, Mr. H Mr. , Sir

Owen Bucks, Mr. Wroth, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Tcke, Mr.

Hicks, Mr. Verney, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. and all, that serve for London, Wand Southwark-, and all of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for further Continuance of an Act, made in Punishing the nth and 12th Years of the late King , for Vagram*,

the punishment of Vagrants, and also of an Acr, made in the First Year of her present Majesty's lleign, lor the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Acts, formerly Hertford made, for the repairing Highways in the County of hurt- R°ad«-ford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass$ and that the Title be,

An Act for continuing the Acts, formerly made, for repairing of the Highways in the County 0:

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman clo carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all, that come to the Committee, to Newfound? whom the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and Bai- land Trade. Jiffs, of the Borough of Clifion Dartmouth in

the County of Devon, relating to the Trade to News oundland, is referred, have Voices.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon, Weedon's Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's voluntary Settlement, vras read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. England, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Vifgill,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Ireton,

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Curfon, Sir IVm. Strickland, Sir Hen.

Gough, Mr. Halford, Colonel , Mr.

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Snell,

Mr. Bulteelc, Mr. Lowndes; and all, that serve for the Counties of Oxon and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House (according to Order) took into further Poor Relief! Consideration the Clause, offered to be added to the Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

And the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Poor repeal all the Laws relating to the Settlements of the Settlements. Poor, and for the more certain Settlement of such Poor; and that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Scobell, Sir Humphrey Mack-worth, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for naturalizing PhilipVanden Enden, Merchant, Endens Nat.

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 30° die Januarii;

Anno 5" Annae Reginae, 1706.

THE House being met, in order to go to St. Mar- The Hajfie

garet' % Church; attends

. Church.

They adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

5 Ann. 3 i° Januarii. — 1 ° Februarii. 271

Veneris, 31* 5

Anno 5* Annas Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

ts*'» Estate. a p £TITIO N of Henry Esquire, was presented

ajL to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is only Tenant for Life of his whole Estate, Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, Retmider to his Brother (now an Infant) for Life, and to his Issue Male: That the Petitioner cannot, without an Act of Parliament, make a Jointure, nor Provision for Daughters, though his Brother and Guardian are consenting to charge the Estate, as desired: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to make a Jointure, and to charge his Estate with Portions for Daughters, in case of failure of Issue Male.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers and Sir Robert Eden do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Plympton Ordered, That Mr. Strode have Leave to withdraw Election. his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Plympton, in the Coun*y of Devon.

of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they relate to ' such Laces.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Mol* Dr. Moss, for the excellent Sermon by him preached thanked,

before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's, H'estminster and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr.

Freeman, Sir Thomas Hanmer, and Mr. Scobe/l, do acquaint

him therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas ff'rotk have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, fur Recovery of his Health. Absencei

Mr. Hern (according to Order) presented to the Clark'a House, a Bill to enable Thomas Clark, an Infant, to make Dftate. a Lease of a House in St. Mary in , to Sir

Jeffrey Jeffryes, Knight; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Pecmiting the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Land Marines, for the Year 1707; and that Mr. St. John and Mr. Moor do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishing continuing the Act for punishing Mudnyand Delirtion, M'it.ny and and falle Muflers; and that Mr. , Mr. Bridges, Desertwn. and Mr. St. John, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Charlton's Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom ilxiate. j|ie gjj] for Sale of several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esquire, deceased, and applying the Monies, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Nottingham, or / to be

settled to the like Uses, as the said Lands in the County of Montgomery are now: settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fiime to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Woollen, See.Mr. Shutllewnrth reported from the Committee, to

Mai.ui.x- whom the Bill for the continuing an Act, made in the tures* First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual

preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen* Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the H ou!e: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time. That no Wool shall be exposed to Sale, made up in Fleeces mixt with Lambs Wool, or Tails, or Wool branded with a hot Iron;

And the Quest ion being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause C, being read a Second time, To impower the "Workmen in any of the said Manufactures to recover the Penalty, in ca!e their Mailers did not pay them in Money; wherein the former Act was defective;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Morning next.

Importing Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers be added to the jVe.gu Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, lliredd-laces. t'n_. to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the Importation

\ 01. lo.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to eonlider ol Ways and and Means, Means for raising the Supppiy granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Confers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made i'ome Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, ref -lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat iy F die Februarii;

Anno 30 Annae Reginas, 1706.

Prayers.

PHILIP Fan den Enden took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of several Justices of the the Peace of the Peter»field County of Southampton, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and of Roads, the Mayor, Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Petersfield, in the said County, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting . forth, that the Road, leading from Petersfield to Butfor Hill, in the Parish of Bury ton, and Tything of , in the great Toad from London to are

become very ruinous, by reason of the many Loads, weekly passing them, of her Majesty's Stores; and the Stature Works, and the Inhabitants, are not sufficient to repair the same: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads from Petersfield to Butfor Hill.

Ordered, That Leave be given-to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Powlett, the Lord William Powlett, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to enable Thomas Clark, an Infant, to make ClarkV a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in to Sir Estate.

Jeffrey Jeffryes, Knight, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

tLiiden's Nat.

Passage into new Palace Yard.

Luftring

Company.

Punishing

Vagrants.

Mead*

Estate.

Thomas*

Estate.

Coventry

Election.

Lincolns-

inn-Fields

Improve-

meat.

Pyle's Estate.

2J2

i° — 30 Februarit.

A\ 1705.

A Bill for naturalizing Philip VandenEnden, Merchant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Dutton Colt. Sir William Ashhurst, Mr. Squire, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Harvey Elwes, Mr. Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Hicks, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Yates, Mr. Booth, Mr. MSir Rich. Sand ford , Mr. Calthrope: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace Yard, through the Gatehouse at was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Ann Hargrave, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

Sir William Ashhurst (according to Order) presenterl to the House, a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the nth and 12th Years of the late King , for the Punishment of Vagrants, and also of an Act, made in the First Year of her present Majesty's Reign, for the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Mr Mr.

Shutt/eworth, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr. Pugh, Sir

Rushout Cullen, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Coke, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Squire, Sir Walter Yonge,' Sir Fra. Mafiam, Sir Wm. Gifford, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tates: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Baronet, was committed j that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, dccealed, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, deceastd, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashhurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Coventry, be made upon Wednesday Morning

next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the beautifying, and preserving, the Square, called Lincolns Inn Great Fields; and that Sir Joseph Sir

Thomas Powys, and Sir John do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Sir John Hawles (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for Sale of an Estate in in the County of Wilts, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, from Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, and inverting the surplus Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the fameUfes; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day were read:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Corrupting next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, urors* upon the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Jurors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- State of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'lraJe" to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the calling over the Names of the Callofiht Members, who made Default to appear, upon the Call House* of the House the 14th Day of January last, be adjourned until this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Articles of Union, and Act of Union with Ratification of them by the Parliament of Scotland, and Scotland. Copy of the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the said Articles, and Act of Ratification.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had made feme Prog refs in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Articles of Union, and Act of Ratification of them by the Parliament of Scotland.

Rfolved, That this House will every Tuesday,

and Saturday, proceed in the Consideration of the said Articles, and Act of Parliament for Ratification thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce> 30 die Februarii;

Anno 5* Anna? Regina;, 1706.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Dorothea Richards, an Infant, who L:fterV is one of the Legatees of the last Will and Testa- EtUie. ment of Christopher Lifter, late of Thornton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, by Nicholas Richards, Esquire, her Father, and next Friend, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of the Manor of Swinden, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Craven, in the County of Turk, late Part of the Estate of the said Christopher Lifter, Esquire, and after of Thomas Lyster, Esquire, dccealed, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher L'fter, and discharging a Mortgage of the said Tho. Lifter: That the Petitioner is advised, if the said Bill should pats, as it is now drawn, it will tend very much to her Prejudice, as to her Legacy: And praying, file may be heard by Counsel, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to NiccoIP* whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or ^ebt to the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to l0'v,

compound

Selling

Butchcri

Meat.

runirtiing Mutiny and Daferuon#

Charlton'*

Estate.

Hockley

Hoad.

Musgrave* Grant of lolls.

5 Ann. 30""4° Febrxarii. 273

compound with Benj.Niceoll, Citizen, and late Merchant,

of London, and his Securities, for the Debts by him owing to her Majesty, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and had made some Amendments to the BiH, Which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of several Butchers in the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, in behalf of themselves, and all others, dwelling in the said City, and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are greatly prejudiced by many Persons, who fell unwholsome and stolen Flesh, to the Prejudice also of her Maj city's Subjects, who buy the same: And praying Relief in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Feeders and Breeders of Cattle, on behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the feeding and breeding of Cattle, is referred j

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph 'fredenham be added to the Gentlemen, which are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for continuing the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters.

An ingrafted Bill for Sale of several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esquire, deceased, and applying the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, or Lincoln, to be settled to the like LTfes, as the Lands in the County of Montgomery is settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing other Estate, ot Estates, in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Lincoln, to be settled to the like Uses, as the Estate in the County of Montgomery was settled.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing the Highways between Hockley and

Wooburn, in the County of Bedford: and that Sir

Charnock, Mr. Farrer, Sir William Goftwick, and Mr. Bathurst, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Joseph, Thomas, and George, Musgrave, Sons of Sir Christopher Mufgra Baronet, by Dame Eliz. his Second Wife, both deceased,- was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that King Charles the ad, soon after his Keftauration, did grant to Sii* Philip Mufgretve all Tolls, arising in the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, for a Term of 31 Years, paying 40 s.per Annum Rent to the Crown: That his Son, Sir Chr. Musgrave, being well entitled to the said Grant, agreed, upon a Treaty before Marriage with the said Eliz.to settle the said Term, and any subsequent

Grant of the said Tolls, on the Heir Male of that Marriage, with Power to charge the same with 2,000 for younger Childrens Portions: That the said Term} and a subsequent Lease of 55 Years, granted by his- laid Majesty, were settled, and charged, according to the Marriage Treaty; whereby the Petitioner since

his Father's Death, is intitled to the Remainder of the-

Vo t. 15.

Term of 55 Years, chargeable with £.2,000 for his said Brothers Portions: That the whole Profits of the said Tolls arise by Duties payable for Scotch Cattle, passing through Cumberland ind Westmorland, which by the Articles of Union will for the future be exempc from the Payment thereof: That there are ftrll 26 Year* to come in the said Term of 55 Years, and a future Interest of 18 Years, granted by King William to Joseph', the Loss of which will be a great Prejudice to him, and deprive his Brothers of their Portions: And praying, that a Recompence may be made the Petitioners, answerable to the Value of their present Interest in the said Grants.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be 'referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and the Value of the said Tolls at the Time of the several Grants thereof, and what the Value thereof now are; and to report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Conyers, Sir John Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Fox, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Tho. Littleton

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Herne, Sir Robert Davets, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Grahme, Mr.

York, Earl of Dyfert, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Harvey, Mr*

Sharp, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Granville, Sir Rich. , Sir

Walt. Yonge, Sir Chr. Hales, Lord Powlet, Sir Hawles, Mr. Freke, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Greville, Mr.

Maifters', and all, that serve for the Six Northern'

Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Sale of an Estate in Axford, in the County PjV. Estate. of Wilts, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, from Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, and inverting the surplus Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfinto Way* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further and Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Ptogress in the Matter to them referred; and had dirtfted him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon1 Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and MeaAs fot railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.- Committees.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edeft Mr. 'Thornhagh, Mr. Felons — Bacon, Mf. Barker, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Frd. Majfam, repealing Sir John Mordant, Mr. Chambers, Colonel Lee, Mr. Clause relat-Clayton, Mr. Hampden,< Sir John Awbry, Sir Harvey puntthment. Elwes, Mr. Skippost Mr. Bfydges, Mr. Ireton, be added to the Committee, to Whom the ingrOfled Bill from thtf Lords, for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing, Felons, that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, Or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Ooach-houses, or Stables, is Committed.

And then the House adjourned till' Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is y 40 die Febt uarii;

Anno 5" Ann® Regin®, 1706.

Prayers.

SYRDEREE), That Mr. ThomaS Wilks,- high* COti- CoUcfttons ftkbld of th<£ Tete&r Diviftoty itV the Gouiity of ni8hlly

rf' Watch.

3 Z Middlesex,

*74

40 Februarii. A. 1706.

Middlesex, do forthwith lay before this House, a true and exact Account of what Money shave been collected by his petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Beadles, from the Inhabitants of the several Hamlets of the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, upon account of Watch Money, from Michaelmas, 1705, to , 1706, together

with the Number of Watchmen.

Indi&mentt Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do lay before for not this House, the Names of the several Persons, (landing watching. indicted in her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, for not watching, viz. in and from trinity Term, 1704, to Michaelmas Term, 1706, and by whom, and from what Court, they were returned into the Queen's Bench, and who were Prosecutors.

Ordered, Thar the Clerk of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster do lay before this House, the Names of the several Persons, Handing indicted in that Court, for not watching, in and from Michaelmas Sessions, 1704, to the End of Michaelmas Sessions, \706.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex do lay before this House, the Names of the several Persons within the Parishes of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the said County, Handing ind idled in that Court, for not watching, in and from Michaelmas Sessions, 1704, to the End of Michaelmas Sessions, 1706.

Pott*' Eftat*. Mr. Fofler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the EHate of Wm. Potts, for discharging of his Brothers and SiHers Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the Residue of his EHate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Baines' A Bill for rectifying the MiHake, and supplying Estate. the Defects, in an Act, passed in the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the EHate, late of Edward Baines, for discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provisions for his Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mon/on, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Afgid, Mr. , Sir

Gilbert Dolben, Sir Francis , Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Ireton, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Poult Hey, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Hide, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Ayflaby, Mr. Bacon, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pitfield, Mr.

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Edm. 'Turner; and all, that serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hitch'* A Petition of Robert Hitch, Esquire, and Alice, his Estate. Wife, and of Henry Hitch, and Robert Hitch, their Sons (both of them Infants) by the said Robert Hitch, their Father, and of Walter Hitch, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner Robert's Marriage, he made a Settlement of a Capital Messuage, called Leathley East-hall, and divers Lands and PremiAes in Huby and IVeeton, in the County of York, which lie remote from the said Capital Messuage, in small Parcels: That the Petitioner has lately purchased the Manor of Leathley, and several Lands, that lie very commodious to the said Capital Messuage, which he is desirous to continue in his Name, and Family, if he

might be permitted to exchange his new-purchased Premisses, of greater Value, for the settled EHate aforesaid; to which all Parties intereHed are consenting: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to veH the said settled Premisses (except Leathley House) in the said Robert the Father, and his Heirs, and that, in lieu thereof, the Manor of Leathley, and other new-purchased EHates, may be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Fairfax, Mr. Aiflaby, and Mr. Ogle, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Katherine Harris, Relidl of William Harris, late of Mallow, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late TruHees for forfeited Estates in Ireland, took Possession of several Lands and Premisses of the EHate of the Earl of Clancarty, attainted of high Treason, which were by him demised to the Petitioner, for 99 Years, at6j. Sd. Rent, and was afterwards confirmed to her by his late Majesty King William, by Letters Patent: That the Petitioner made her Application to this House for Relief, and obtained an Act for her peaceable Enjoyment of the Premisses for the said Term, and that the said TruHees should restore, and rc-convey, the same to the Petitioner, and her Assigns; yet they did not, though Ihe made all due Application to them; so that Ihe cannot get PoflVfiion of the said EHate, and the Tenants keep the Rents in their Hands, for want whereof the Petitioner, and her Children, are in a starving Condition: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioner to enter upon the Premisses, and receive the Rents in the Tenants Hands, and to enable her to fell, or mortgage, the fame, to raise Moneys, to pay her Debts, contracted by reason of her Sufferings, and Disappointments, for want of the said Re-conveyance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Fadl, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Packington, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ogle, Sir Hen. Liddall, Lord Coningsby, Mr. A [gill, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Trefufis, Colonel Lee, Mr. Calthrop, Sir John Awbrey, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Nortkmore, Mr. Manaton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the Ship Supply (foreign-built) a free Ship; and that Mr. Bridges and Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Defect of an Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John Canham, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an EHate in Totteridge, in lieu of £.1,300 the Remainder of a Sum of Money, agreed to be laid out in a Purchase, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, An AbHradt of the Accounts of the publick

Revenues,

Harri*

Eilat*.

Siippljr Ship.

Canham'* EltaU.

Publick

Revenues.

Fee* of Six Clerks in Chancery.

Niccoll1* Debt to the Crown.

Union with Scotland.

Member*

summoned.

Committees.

Weedon's

Estate.

Rich's

Charities.

5 Ann. 4° — 50 Februarii.

275

Revenues, Taxes, and Moneys borrowed, between Michaelmas, 1705, and Michaelmas, 1706.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. And the same is bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Berks, of the Value of £. 2,000, for such charitable Uses, as are mentioned in and by the last Will and Testamenf of Dame Eliz. Rich, Widow, deceased, and for discharging other Lands, in the County of of

and from the same; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hervey reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Six Clerks was referred, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Six Clerks have not made out the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That the Report be made of the Matter of Fast, specially, as it appeared to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Bettj. Niccoll, Citizen, and late Merchant, of London, and his Securities, for the Debts by him owing to her Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Benjamin Niccoll, Citizen, and late Merchant, of London, and his Securities, for the Debts by him owing to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklingto do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Articles of Union, and Act of Ratification of them by the Parliament of;

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, Courts there, and Courts of Reque/l, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And the Serjeant went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed hun to mpve, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Articles of Union, and Act of Ratification of them by the Parliament of Scotland.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir John Woodhou/e, Mr. Fofter, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Robert Eden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon, Esquire, to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powys, and Mr. Justice Gould:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Securing the securing the Church of England, as by Law efta- Church of blished; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of England, this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bridges (according to Order) presented to the Supply Ship. House, a Bill for making the Ship Supply a free Ship; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Hatfield, Merchant, on behalf Lillet'* of himself, and of Anthony Hatfield, Legatees of the Ettate. last Will and Testament of Chrifiopb Lifter, late of Thornton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for Sale of the Manor of Swinden, and several Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Craven, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of the said Christopher Lifter, and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher Lifter, and discharging a Mortgage of the said Thomas 'Lifter:

That the Petitioner is informed, the Bill, as it is now drawn, will greatly prejudice his Interest, if it should pass: And praying to be heard by Counsel, touching the fame.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel thereupon, before the Committee, if they think fit.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Enden's Nat. to whom the Bill for naturalizing Philip Vanden Enden,

Merchant, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker have Leave to withdraw Clithero his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Clithero, in the County of Lancaster.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Luftring Company, was read a Second time. Company.

Resolved, That the Bill fie committed to Sir IVm.

A/hburst, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Porter,

Lord Powlett. Sir IVm. Rich, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jeff.

Jeffryes, Sir John Awbrey, Mr. Skippon, Sir Hen. Colt,

Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Whitmore, Mr.

Dryden, Mr. Mole/worth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calthrop,

Sir Fra. MaJbam, Sir Robert Eden, Sir IVm.

Mr. Jervoi/e j and all of the long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 5* Annae Reginas, 1706.

Prayers.

MR. Nevill (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, and Lands of Inheritance, in the County of Vo l. 1.5,

Mr. St. John (according to Order) presented to the Recruiting House, a Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land E®11* Forces, and the Marines, for the Year 1707; and the Iorce*' same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Thomas, Clark, an Infant, to make a Clark'

Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in London, to Sir Estate.

Jeffry Jeffreys, Knight, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

50 Februarii. A. 1706.

Securing Church of England.

Duties on Coals at Yarmouth.

Coventry

Election*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Humphry Mackworth, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Jeffrey Jeffryes, Mr. Herne, Mr. Ttp/iam, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Sir Rick. Onslow, Mr. Skippon, Sir Jo. Whit wrong, Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Lifter, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Moyle, Mr.

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr.

Maiflers, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Holmes, Sir Fra. Mafltam, Mr. Gwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the securing the Church of England, as by Law established, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Coventry, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of several Freemen of the City of Coventry, complaining of an undue Election of Sir Christopher Hales, Baronet, and Thomas Gery, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said City:

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, that at the last Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, Sir Chr. Hales, Baronet, Tho. Gery, Esquire, Sir Orlando Bridgman, and Edward Hopkins, Esquire, flood Candidates. They admitted, that the Majority of the Poll was with the two former; but infilled, that by the Riots and Tumults, before and at the Election, the Voters for the two latter were deterred and hindered from giving their Votes; and to this they examined several Witnesses. And first they examined

Mr. Samuel Billing, who was Mayor at the Time of the last Election: And he gave an Account, that Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins were invited down to Coventry, to Hand at the last Election of their Represen-tatives, to serve them in Parliament; and accordingly they came down on or about the Beginning of March, 1704; and there having been a Discourse, that the said Candidates did not intend to Hand, they desired Leave of the Mayor to walk the Streets, and declare the same Act the Cross: Accordingly they did walk on the 8th of March, and the same was declared at the Cross; but t'lat Day they walked there happening a great Riot, he ac'vised with his Brethren, the Aldermen, and they though it proper to fend a Letter to Mr. Secretary Harley, for the Queen's Directions in the keeping of the publick Peace; who returned an Answer, which was produced, and read; and thereby signified her Majesty's Pleasure, that they should do their utmost, according to Law, for that Purpose, as being answerable for the Peace of the City: That accordingly he, and his Brethren, in their Formalities, on a Market Day, caused Proclamation to be made by the Cryer, that no Person should appear at that Election, but such, as had Right to be there; and that none should come with Sticks: That afterwards Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery came to *4

him; and Mr. Gery told him, he understood, he intended to busy himself at the Election; and that be had nothing to do there: That he was a Deputy Lieutenant, and had Power of the Pofle; and that their Men should come with Sticks; That he, the said Mr. Billing, for the better preventing Disturbance, proposed several Methods of polling to the Candidates, and, particularly, to poll by Wards; which Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins were willing to do, but the Sitting Members refused; but Sir Christopher Hales proposed to proceed by way of Ballot: That the Night before the Election he set a strong Watch, and about One or Two in the Morning, before the Election, himself took a Walk, and fee some Butchers, and others, rallying in the Butcher Row, with Sticks, which he took away: That afterwards, the Numbers increasing, and some having Sticks, he was called out again about Four; where he fee Stones flying about, and heard several cry out, A Hales, and Gery /" and he dispersed the Company: But half an Hour after he was called out again, they appearing again with Sticks, and having knocked down one William Mathews, a Watchman, and dragged him about in such manner, that some time after he died; and that himself attempting to take away a Butcher's Stick, a great Pebble was thrown at him, which cut him; and that between Four and Five he saw Mr. Mr. Robert Smith, and Mr. Burton, with them: That the Election began about Nine a Clock, and laited Three Days; That he appointed 30 or 40 Men, with Halberds to attend, without'Distinction of Parties: That, while the Poll was carrying on, he went several times into the Hall, but did not stay long, and did not fee any Disturbance, while he was there: That he was asked by Mr. Gery to poll, but declined it.

Isaac Bifaore said, he was commanded to carry an Halberd the Night before the Election, to keep the Peace; and one came up to him, and took away his Halberd, and told him, he had nothing to do with it; and he received several Wounds: That some, who carried Halberds, were in the Interest of the Sitting Members; and others, in the same Interest, refused to accept them.

John Wall laid, that he, being an Officer of the City, was in the Mayor's House, when Mr. Gery came to him, and told him, if he raised the Constables against his Men, he had an equal Share of Power, as Deputy Lieutenant, and would raise the Pofle; and on the Election Day, in the Morning, they threw Stones at the Mayor, and made the Mayor withdraw into his Parlour, whither Mr. Gety followed him: That one Chaplin, who would have voted for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins, was horsed, viz. carried bn a Cowle-llaff on two Men's Shoulders, by some, that appeared for the Sitting Members.

Wm.Wood said, he was commanded by the Mayor and Justices to aflill the Constables; and about Five in the Morning Mr. Gery's People appeared with Sticks; and that, offering to take away a Man's Stick, Mr. Gery said, They should carry Sticks; and took hold of the Stick, and said, he would do his Business.

Mr. Samuel Paul said that he was at Coventry in May was 12 Months; and he fee a great Number of People got together, between Three and Four a Clock in the Morning, several of them with Halberds; and that Mr. Gery was present; and a Party fell upon the Halberdeers, and took away their Halberds, and beat them.

Richard Benyon, Constable, gave an Account, that he was present on the Day of the Election; and about Five a Clock in the Morning the re was about 500 Men met together; and the Mayor endeavoured to break them; and they threw Stones at the Mayor; and wounded him; and afterwards Mr. Gery followed the Mayor to the Parlour: That he was, at the Time of the Poll, desired by the Mayor to keep the Peace; and that he brought up half a Score, to vote for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins, and they were abused, and driven back, there being about 500 Persons assembled; and that one getting up to the Poll, they cried, "No Freeman

" A I lorfe,

5 Ann. 5* Februarii. 277

A Horse ! aHorse!" and that, attempting to bring up the Men the second Day of the Poll, there was one Wm. Sheers horsed, and dragged in the Dirt: He said, some of Sir. Chr. Hales and Mr. s Side would not

appear to watch though warned by the Mayor: That Mr. Wright, Mr. Bttgg, and Mr. Bryon, and others, were appointed Inspectors for the Sitting Members.

Richard Launder said, that the Mayor and Aldermen ordered, that they should bring no Sticks to the Election; but Mr. Gery bid his Men bring Sticks, and said, he would stand by it: That things were quiet when they polled for the Sitting Members; but when any offered to poll for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins, they were ready to eat them; and, particularly, one a Butcher, coming to justify a Man's Vote, they said, he had polled before, and Tho. Grajcomhe cried out for a Horse for him.

Richard Phillips said, that on the Election Day he was lent by the Mayor, to keep the Peace: That in the Morning he heard Murder cried; and his Maid told him, if he went out he would be knocked of the Head: That he went out, and fee the Mayor, Constables, and Watchmen, engaged, and several had seized upon one Mathews, and knocked him down; That another Parcel, and Mr. Gery, seized upon one JJaac Bifcaore; but he did not fall, till one Onyon kicked him: That Mr. Edward and Mr. Stephen Hales were present there.

That he went to poll, and they cried out, " Here is Phillips ! A good Horse!" and he went back, and did not poll: That Mr. Gery made a Speech at the Cross, and bid his People bring Sticks; and said, he would stand by them.

Edward Shaw gave an Account of Mr. Gery's speaking to his Men at the Cross, to bring Sticks: That he was present, when the Mayor was wounded; and amongst the Company there was Mr. Steph. Hales, and Mr Humphry Burton, junior, the last of which {truck at the Mayor: That they got down, and wounded, several of the Watchmen, which was the Occasion of the Mayor's appearing: That he went up several times, to poll, and they cried," No Halberds 1" and drove him back; and one saying, "Take care of they knocked him

down: He owned, that afterwards he was told, he might poll quietly.

Tho. Newcomhe said, that he attempted several times on Wednesdayto poll, and could not get into the Hall;

but on Thursday Morning he polled for Sir Orlando

Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins: That Mr. Wade, who repre-' fented Mr. Hopkins, was drove back on Wednesday to Saint Mary Hall.

Colonel Davenport gave an Account, how lie was coming through Coventry, and went to the Hall, to speak with Sir Orlando Bridgman, to know, if he had any Service for Mr. Hopkins, then at London j and that the Mob used him in a very rude manner, holding Sticks oyer his Head, and telling him, he should declare, who he was for, though he told them, he had no Vote: And he said, he believed, he had been knocked down, but for one Man.

Mr. Richard Barnes said, he was at the Election on the 22d May, 1705, and was at the Mayor's, when he, Mr. Gery, said, he was a Deputy Lieutenant, and had the Power of the County, and would be obeyed; and was also present, when the Mayor, in his Formalities, read the Secretary's Letter, and forbid Sticks; and one Dines said, That was the Devil and all; but they would bring Sticks: And Barnes said, he was an Inspector of the Poll for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; and that he was very much abuted, and at last put out of the Hall by Sir Christopher Hales; who said, " Down " with himand that he would cure him of coming from London to Elections: And that the Poll was carried on very partially for the Sitting Members; and, particularly, Mr. Benyon, Mr. Bofwand others of the Inspectors for the Sitting Member, polled for them several, without the Content of the Sheriff; and that

Vo t. 15.

Michael Lawrence, Inspector for the Sitting Member, Coventry polled, and rejected, whom he pleased: That he did not Election, vote at this Election, his Friends not thinking it safe for him so to do; and 'that, when they came from London, they were assaulted at two Places by the Sitting Members Men; and that he himself was committed to Prison by Catefby Oadham, on the Pretence of an Assault on Dines Six Days before.

Abraham Ellin laid, he went to poll for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; and they pulled his Cloathes almost off his Back, and pushed him out of the Hall; and afterwards Mr. Catejby Oadham committed him to Bridewell, on pretence of a Bastard Child; whereas he had none.

Nathaniel Chambers also said, that he went to the Poll for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; and was pudied back, and knocked over the Pate, and carried to Alderman Oadham's Shop, who sent him to Bridewell.

Wm. Bales said, he attempted to poll three several times; the 2d of which times he went to the Mayor, and the Mob abused both; and the 3d time they let him poll; but afterwards they fell upon him, and one took him by the Collar, and, as he thinks, had strangled him, if his Collar had not broke: He laid, he lay eleven Weeks, before he could help himself; is since in the Hospital.

Tho. Bedford said, that the First Day of the Election he endeavoured to have brought up some Men to be polled for Bridgman and Hopkins, and he could not:

That, when the Sitting Members Men thought they should lose the Election, they called for Horses, particularly Mr. Gery himself, Mr. Tito. Wjunior, and Mr. Jof. Meak, who were Inspectors, and Agents, for the Sitting Members.

Henry Ligburne said, he was refused to poll for Sir.

Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; was knocked down* and carried lor dead, and laid on a Tomb in the Churchyard.

Mr. Jof. Cater was also examined; who gave a general Evidence to the Effect, that several Witnesses had spoke before: Said, he attended the Pol! for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; and asking the Sitting Members, who were their Inspectors, Mr. Gery, pointing to the Mob, said, " There are our Inspectors."

Mr. Tho. Cliifwellsaid, he was one of the Sheriffs at

the Time of the Election; and denied, that he had any Security, to save him harmless.

The Clerk of the Assizes Clerk attended with several Records of Conviction of Riots, Assaults, and Batteries:

The Records being long and numerous, they were admitted, and so not read; but Mr. Cater, by Consent of the Sitting Members, was allowed to give an Account thereof; who gave an Account of several convicted on both Sides, upon whom small Fines were set; but the Mayor and Aldermen took their Trial, and w'ere acquitted.

The Sitting Members Counsel observed, that the Sitting Members had served in three Parliaments for the City of Coventry; and if ever there was a fair Election for the City, the last was one, upon the Poll their being,

For Sir Chr. Hales - - 827:

For Mr. Gery - - -819:

For Sir Or I. Bridgman ~ 597:

For Mr. Hopkins -537:

And that the Poll was as high, as at any time within 20 Years.

That the Riots were before the Election; and that, for any Disorders at the Time of the F.ledtion, they were no more, than commonly happen in all popular Elections:

And they called several Witnesses:

Mr. Tho. Wright, junior; who gave an Account, that about the 6th of March Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr.

Hopkins amt to Town; and on the 8th of March they, with several Aldermen, walked the Streets, and had several hundred Men with them, and gave out, that Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery, who were then attending in Par-

4 A liament.

fcwpntry

Elediou.

5* Februar

A. 170

liament, would not {land: That about 30 or 40, for Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery, were in , and had

Orders to itrike no body; but the others fell upon them in a violent manner, and wounded a Man so, ias he died of his Wounds: That Coventry is endowed with a great many noble Charities; and that the Mayor and Aldermen commanded their Votes for Sir 'manand Mr. Hopkins; and the City Bailiffs, and Town Clerks, went to the Tenants, to that Purpose, and threatened to turn them out if they did not comply; and several were turned out afterwards: That on the Election Day in the Morning, he waited upon Sir Chr. Hales and Mr. Gery, to get their Men together: That the Mayor gave Order to the Halberd-men, who were in the Interest of Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr.

to fall on the Sitting Members Men, and kill them; and that my Lord Leigh's Man, with Letters, was seized by those Men; and that many of the Halberd-men were drunk: That the Poll began, and proceeded, very fairlyj and that for 20 Years there had not been so fair an Election, though the utmost Endeavours of the other Party were used, to make a Riot; and a great many of the Charity-men made a great Noise to be polled: That on Wednesday Morning Sir Orlando Bridgman made a publick Declaration, that he never fee an Election in Coventry so peaceably carried on; and that on Sir

Orlando Bridgman wrote a Letter, he would give no further Trouble to his Friends: That he never knew any Poll by Wards,'or otherwise, than at this Election: Said, that he remembered Mr. Fielding's Election; and, that he is about 30 Years of Age.

Job Haycock said, he was present at the Election, on the 22d of May: That at Five he was ordered to attend the Mayor, being a Constable; and about Two of the Clock Two of the Halberd-men came, and broke his Door, being fuddled: That the Sitting Members Men would have avoided the Halberd-men, but the Halberd-men were ordered to meet them; and that Mr. Edward Owen bid them charge the Peace with them; and, if they did not obey, to knock them down: That all was peaceable at the Poll, and any one might have polled; and, that Abraham Ellin was committed for leaving his Family, who thereupon received weekly Collection; and that, before closing the Poll, the Bell-man was sent to all the Streets, to summon Persons to come and poll.

John Tippin said, he had taken the Poll at all the Elections for 10 or 12 Years: That he took the Poll for Sir Orlando Bridgman, and voted for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins: That he could not fee above a Third Part of the Hall, but, so far as he could fee, this Election was the most peaceable of any.

Tho. CUavor laid, that Mr. Edward Owen ordered him to bring a Stick, three Quarters long, and, if he could not reach their Heads, to strike their Faces; and that he give him Four Tickets for his Vote for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins.

Mr. Lloyd said, he was present all the three Days of the Election; and he fee the Mayor assault Mr. by llioving him; and that Mr. Gory bid his Men be quiet, and easy: That he had seen five or six Elections, and it was never so quiet, as now: Fie said, ‘Mr. Samuel Cater assaulted a Constable, and said, he was a Rogue, having taken Sir Orlando Bridgman and M r. Hopkins' Money; and that the Bell-man gave Notice to Persons, to come, and vote, before the Poll wasclosed.

JoJ. Meakelaid, that the two Clerks of the City, and

Bailiffs, were sent by the Mayor and Justices to his Father's House, to command his Vote for Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; which his Father refilling, he was put out a little after the Election.

Tho. Revet said that, a forthight after the Dissolution of the lad Parliament, one came, to desire his Vote for Sir Orl. Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins; which the said Revet refilling to piomife, the same Person offered him three or four Tickets, of 12 d.a-piece: That the Poll was fair; and that Mr. Ozvftf asked him, if he had polled to which he answered, " No;" and Owen bid him no

poll, laying, they would poll their Men in another Place.

Mr. John Wadcoek said, he was desired by the Sheriffs to take the Poll: That he had taken several Polls, but never fee any so quiet s and that on in the Af-

ternoon, Sir Orlando Bridgman not coming to the Hall, he went to Sir Orlando Bridgman at old Mr. Hopkins' %; who was denied at first, but afterwards told him, he would poll no more Men.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Itesolutions:

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Christopher Hales, Baronet, is not duly elected a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tho. Gery, Esquire.is not duly elected a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the late Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, is a void Election.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Sir Chr. Halts, Baronet, is not duly elected a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth;

Tellers for

Tellers for the Noes,|^rrf'^"^' j 179.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Thomas Gery, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

Thelaft Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the late Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of,

is a void Election.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House that there hath been a notorious Riot and Tumult, and other illegal Practices, at the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in Contempt of the civil Authority, and in Violation of the Freedom of Elections;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

]i8*.

Tellers for the Yeasi ?r

I Sir Edw. Lawrence:

Tellers for the Noes,£

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That there hath been a notorious Riot and Tumult, and other illegal Practices, at the Election of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in Contempt of the Civil Authority, and in Violation of the Freedom of Elections.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to of Six

whom the Petition of the Six Clerks was referred, be rj,e^e,n made upon Friday Morning next. a

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Clayton, Escape* out Mr. Cox, Mr. Pitfield, Sir Rich. Onfow, Mr. of Queen'*

Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert , Sir Bench, &c.

Walt. Young, Sir Edw.Irby, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr.

Snell, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Toke, be added to the Committee,

to

Etc apes out of Queen's Bench, See«,

Lifter's

Estate.

Pyle's Eft ate.

Elion's

Estate.

Tndiflment

for not Pitching.

5 Ann* 50 — -7° Februarii.

to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual the A<£V, passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer, Mr. , Mr. Clayton, Mi

Nevill, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Richard Mr. den, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. , Sir Edward Irby, Mr; Gwyn, Mr. Snell, Mr. Duckett, Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual the Ad, passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Molesworth, Mr. England, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Manor of Swinden, and several Messuages, Farms, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifter, Esquire, deceased, and after of Tho. Lifter, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Christopher Lifter, and discharging a Mortgage of

the said Tho. Lifter, is committed.

And then the Houfo adjourned till Friday Morning, Nine a Clock.

V1merit, 7® die Februarii;

John Hvdder, of the Parish of St. Paul, Covent Garden,

Yeoman, indicted in June, 1705; and confessed the Indictment, and was fined 6 d.

John Gibbons, of the Parish of St.' Margaret, Westminster, Yeoman, was twice indicted in 0Ruber, 1705, but hath not yet appeared to either of the said Indictments.

John Hodder, of the Parish of St. Paul, Covent Garden, Cordwainer, indicted in October, 1705; and confessed the Indictment! and was fined 6d.

Dat. 7 Feb. 1706. Johannes Smith, Clericus pads.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Certificate be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the_ better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed.

A Petition of several Hackney Coachmen was pre- Hackney fented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the Coachmen. House, withdrawn*

A Bill for making the Ship Supply a free Ship, was read Supply Ship, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Lee, Mr. Squire, Mr.

Aylmer, Colonel Kendall, Mr. Dorrington, Mr. Snell, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Thompson, S\vFra.Masham, Mr. Nevill,

Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Jervoise,

Mr. Chambers, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Brewer, Sir Wm;

and all, that serve for the Sea-ports, and all the Merchants: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Anno tf Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A BILL for Sale of an Estate in Axford, in the County of Wilts, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, from Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, and inverting the Surplus Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Duckett, Sir Richard How, Mr. Hide, Mr. Coatsworth, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Wm. Gifford, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Whitchcott, Sir James Long, Mr*. Squire, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Annesley, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Bainlon, Mr. Skippon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edward Norreys, Lord Powlett; and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Toke (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable the Trustees of William an Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Father's Debts on Specialties; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for supplying the Defect of an Ap- Canham'* pointment for the Provision of the younger Children of Estate-John Canham, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage

Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Tc/teridge, in lieu of£. 1,300, the Remainder of a Sum, agreed to be . laid out in a Purchase, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for supplying the Defect of an Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Totteridge, in lieu of £.1,300, the Remainder of a Sum of Money, agreed to be laid out in a Purchase.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Woollen, &e. of the Bill for the continuing an Act, made in the first Rlunufae* Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual pre- ures‘ venting of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Smith, the Clerk of the Peace for the City of Westminster, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, according to Order, A Certificate of Persons indicted, for not watching.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Certificate is as followeth;

IN pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, Martis, 40 Febr. 1706:

Civitas, burgus, et~i These are to certify the Names villa, Westm' in com1 > of all the several Persons, who have Middlesex, ff.,) been, and stand, indicted in the

Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the City and Liberty of Westminster, for not watching, in and from Michaelmas Sessions, 1704, to the End of Michaelmas Sessions, 1706; viz.

Richard Baytle, of the Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, Yeoman, indicted in April 1705, but hath not yet appeared thereunto.

Vol. 15.

Mr. Hervey (according to Order) reported from the Fee* of Six Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks was Clerks in referred, the Matter of Fast, as it appeared to the Com- Chancery, mittee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Chester, *c Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election* County of Chester, and touching the Election for the Borough of Cotchester, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Coventry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wr>t-electing of two Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, the former Election being declared void.

Ap

Securing Church of England.

Speaker's Chamber to be locked.

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Harris'. Ellate,

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Clierrill Hill Hoad.

280 70 — 8 0 Februa . 1706.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the securing the Church of , as by Lawefta-

blished, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon T Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Year,[ } MS-

Tellers for the Noes,}"^r.- } 2O'

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Doors of the Speaker's Chambers be locked up every Day, at the fitting of the House, and the Keys brought, and laid upon the Table.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rafting the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Top of Clierrill Hill, leading through Qiiemmerford Common to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioners apprehend, a common Highway for Coaches and Carriages will be established upon the Petitioners, the Way by the said Town being only a Way for Pack and Sack, the Coach Way lying at least halfa Mile from the Town of Ckerrhill: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom Supply SV*. the Bill for making the Ship Supply a free Ship, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir William Afthurfi reported from the Committee, to Lufiring whom the Bill for better Encouragement of the Royal ComPaD->'-Luftring Company, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had diiefted him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Potts'E£ai; William Potts, for discharging his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the Refi iue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William for discharging of his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the Residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Fosler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Bacon, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Squ, Mr. Mason,' Mr. Gale, Mr. Balfh, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Kath. Harris is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 5* Annas Regins, 1706.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the incorporated Company of Mercers, Grocers, Apothecaries, and Haber-dafhers, within the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late Act of Parliament, made in the 4th and 5th Years of her Majesty's Reign, to prevent Frauds and Perjuries by Bankrupts, hath been made use of by fraudulent Persons, to the Damage of their Creditors, contrary to the good Intention thereof; the ill Elfefts whereof some of the Petitioners have felt, and others are very apprehensive of, to the utter Ruin of personal Credit: And praying, that the said Act may be taken into Consideration, and amended.

Ordered, that the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to examine into the Abuses, relating to, or arising from, the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

A Petition of the Land-holders, and Inhabitants, of Cherhill, in the County of was presented to the

house, and read; setting forth, that by a Bill in the House, for the better repairing the Highway from the 20

The House being informed, that Mr. Harccurt, the Indictmreu Clerk of the Crown in the Court of Queen's Bench, and for not Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, attend- watcLunS-cd, he was called in, and (according to Order) presented to the House,

A Certificate of what Persons are indicted in the Queen's Bench, for not watching, in and from Trinity Term, 1704, to Michaelmas Term, 1706; and also,

A Certificate of all Persons indicted, for not watching^ since Michaelmas Sessions, 1704, to Michaelmas Sessions,

1706.

And then he withdrew.

The Titles of the said Certificates were read.

And the said Certificates are as follow; viz.

I. IN obedience to an Order of the honourable House of Common*, dated the 4th Day of 1706,00111-

manding me to lay before that honourable House the Names of the several Persons Handing indicted in her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, for not watching; viz. in and from Trinity Term, 1704, to Michaelmas Term, 1706;

I do humbly certify, that in Hilary Term, 1704, John Hodder, of Denmark Court, in the County of Middlesex, Cordwainer, \vas indicted by the Grand Inquest of the said County, in the said Court, on the Presentment of Barnham Cooper and Thomas Edmonds, Constables:

Also, that Richard Bartlett, in Stratton Ground, and Charles Lewis, of the fame, were in the same Term indicted there, on the Presentment of John Wofenden, Constable:

Alio, that the said Richard Bartlett, in Michaelmas Term, 1704, was indicted, on the Prekntment of the said John Wolfenden, Constable:

Also, that John Symonds, of Prescott Street, and George Harrison, of Earle's Court, in Drury-lane, were

then

4

e

5 Ann. 8 0 Februarii.' a81

then and there indidled, on the Pfelentment of

Higgenfon, Con (table.

Also, that John Stennet, of Palace , was in Trinity Terra, 1705, in the said Court, presented by Dan. Croker, Constable:

Also, that Abraham C, of was then and there indicted by Roger Reading Constable:

Also, that Thomas Suffolk, of Street, Cheese-

monger «<as in Trinity Term, 1706, indicted there by Edward Bradley, Constable:

And also, that Henry , of Sherrard Street, John

Gee, of Windmill Street, Barber, John Evans, of Sherrard Street, Tallow-chandler, and of

tnill Street, Coach-wheeler, were then and there indicted by the said Edward Bradley, Constable.

And I do further humbly certify, that no other Persons have been there indicted, during the Time above-mentioned.

Sim. Harcourt, Coronator et Attorn'

70 Felr. 1706 Demina Regina, in curia

Regina, coram ipsa Regina.

Indictmenta II. The said Certificate of all Persons indicted for not for mt watching, since Michaelmas Sessions, 1704, to

watching. j$eflj0ns> i"joS.

I do humbly certify, that at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Middle-Jex in April, 1705, Elizabeth Steward, of the Parish of St. Dunstan'sin the West, in the said County, Widow, was indicted by the Grand Jury, on the Presentment of Edward Tarrant, Constable of the Liberty of the Rolls: Also, at the like Sessions, held in April, 1706, Tho. Chatterton, of the Parish of St. Dunjlart's in the in the said County, Yeoman, was indicted, on the Presentment of the said Constable:

Also, that Mary Furfey, of the fame, Widow, was then and there indicted by the same Constable:

Also, that Samuel Fad, of Islington, Yeoman, was then and there indicted by John Bell, Constable:

Alio, that Mary Mayya, of the said Parish of St. Dunjl an s in the West, Widow, was at the like Sessions, held in October, 1706, indicted by Charles , Constable of the Liberty of the Rolls.

And I do further humbly certify, that there are no other Persons indicted for the said Offence, at the said Sessions, or any others, within the Time above-mentioned.

Sim. Harcourt, Cl. pacis 7* Felr. 1706 com'

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Certificates be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed.

FPlons,_ Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom

repealing the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

*lauj* thetr" ^or reFca^nS a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act Punishment. for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punching, Felons, that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses, wascommitted; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and arc as follow; viz.

Press ad, L. 8. After " not" insert left than Six " Months, and not."

L. 36. After "not" inlert " less than 12 " Months, and not."

Mead's An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Efiiite. Kingdom of Ireland, Baronet, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That no Purchaser of any Part of Colonel John Barrett's Estate shall be subject to any greater proportion of the Judgment of £. 406. 3;. ${d. than they would have been, if the Bill had not passed.

VOL. 15.

And the same twice read, and amended.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Baronet.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir William Courtney, have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary At,knc#» Occasions.

A Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Recruiting Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1707, was read a l!,ie Lai,d Second time. ' 0Kes*

Reftdved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. King reported from the Committee, to whom the Escapes out Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, passed in the of Queen's first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Beuc"' *c* the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto By the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Fairfax (according to Order) presented to Hitch's, the House, a Bill to veil several Lands and Heredita- Etlau. ments, in the County of York, in Robert , Esquire, and his Heirs, and to exchange, and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof^ to the same Uses; and the same was received.

Mr. Ireton (according to Order) presented to the importin(! House, a Bill to repeal the Ad, of the 13th and 14th foreign of King Charles the ad, and other A els, prohibiting the Thread-lace. Importation of foreign Lace; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Royal African Company was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Henry aijVConding Bishop, the Petitioners Servant, hath lately fraudulently from Africaa withdrawn himself, and taken away with him, from the Company, said Company's Warehouse, several Bonds, Bills, Money, and other Things, of great Value, as well of the Petitioners, as of other Persons, and also the Petitioners Books of Accounts; and they are informed, several Persons are Confederates with him, and conceal him, and his Effects, to the great Wrongof the Petitioners: And praying Consideration thereof, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Robert Drivers, Mr. Skac

kerley, Mr. Conyers,- Mr. Bromley, Mr. V hit more, Mr,

Farrer, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Lovmdes, Mr. Ca/tbrop, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. King, Mr. Pulteney, Mr, Moor, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. -bets, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Awbry, Mr. Mr.

Bray, Mr. Coatsworth, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Mr . Pedley, Mr. Serjeant Birch-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

4 B The

State of Trade.

Union with Scotland.

Committees.

Weedon's

tftate.

Hitch's

Estate.

Passage into new Palace Yaid.

Rich's

Cuarities.

FI fen's

282 8° — 10° Felr. 170 5.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursJay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Articles of Union, and Act of Ratification of them by the Parliament of Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Compton reported from- the said Committee, that they had gone through the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Mr. King, Mr-Hervey, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Barker, Mr. Floor, Mr. Coke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luncc, i o° di;

Anno 50 Annas Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A BILL to vest several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of T01 k, in Robert Hitch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to exchange, and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof, to the same U.es, was read the F'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Lamb, Dean of Ely, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the I Joufe, for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehouse at minster: That the Petitioner is entitled to a Rent-charge of £. 38 per Annum, for 50 Years yet to come, issuing out of the said Gatehouse, and other Premisses in or near the same: And praying, that the Petitioners Right to the said Rent may be saved by the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, and Lands of Inheritance, in the County of Berks, of the Value of Two thou land Pounds, for such charitable Uses, as are mentioned in and by the last Will and Testament of Dame Elizabeth Ri, Widow, deceased, and for discharging other Lands, in the County of Worcester, of and fiomthe fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Earl of Dyfert, Mr. Mr.

l-f'yld, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Peyton, S r IVm. Strickland, Mr. Strode, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr. Conyers,

Mr Vermy, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Mr. Serjeant

R:rch, Mr. Burridge, Sir Fra Masham, Lord Bruce, Mr. Barker; and all, that serve (or the Counties of Berks, Gloucester, Oxon, and: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of William Efon an

Infant, to fell Part of his Eftite, to pay his Fathers Debts on Specialties, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, made, in the x ith and 12th Years of the late King William (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of an Act, made in the ill Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing the Highways between and

Stoney Stratford, in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks',

and that Sir John Whit wrong, Mr. Lawton, and Mr. Willis, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, intitule.!. An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing. Felons, that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that Steal Horses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Six Clerks was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrefied Bill for naturalizing Philip Enden, Merchant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Philip Vanden Enden, Mer-' chant.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company.

Oraered, That Sir Wm. Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Compton, reported from the Committee of Privileges, and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the County of and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir George Baronet,

complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Langham Booth, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Chester:

That the Point in Question was, whether Mr. Booth was of Age at the Time of the Election, and lo capable of being elected.

That, to prove Mr. Booth under Age, and so not qualified to be elected, the Petitioner's Counsel examined Mary Allen; but her Memory did not serve her to speak. any thing material to that Point.

That they then produced an Extract out of the Register Book of the Parish of in the County of Chester, in these Words; viz. " Langham, the Son

" of Hen. Booth, Esquire, of Merie, was baptized June " the 26th, 1684."

That

Punishing

% Li l! rkiii '.3

FoTTihifl R Otitis.

Felons, — repealing Clause reliting to their Punishmtut.

Fees of Six Clerks in Chancery.

Enden's Nat,

Luftring

Company.

Chester

County

Election.

Cokhefter

Election.

Ann.

i o" Februarii.

283

That they also produced the Copy of the Writ for the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for this County, being Tejle 1° Maii, 40 Regina-, and the Indenture of Return for that County; by which it appeared, that the Eieftion for the County of was

on the 23d Day of May following.

And'tis marked, that the said Return was delivered into the Crown Office 9 June, 1705.

That the Petitioner's Counsel read the Act, 7® ehni, Cap. 25. Sect. 8. That no Person shall be capable of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament, who is not of the Age of 21 Years.

That they also read the Act, 10 Cap. 7®,

That the Sheriff shall with all convenient Expedition, not exceeding 14 Days after any Election, make return of the Wiit to the Clerk of the Crown.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel infilled, that the Sitting Member had a very great Majority on the Poll; and alleged, that the Petitioner's Counsel had not produced sufficient Proof as to the Sitting Member's Non age; and therefore they had no Occasion to call any Witnesses.

And that thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Langham Booth, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Chester.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Langham Booth, Esquire,

is duly elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Chester.

Mr. Compton also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Order of the House, of the 1 ith of Decem-herlaft, by which 'tis an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That, before they proceed to inquire into the Merits of any Petition presented to the House this Sessions, touching Elections, they do examine whether they be the same in Substance with such, as were presented the last Session of Parliament, the Committee have examined, whether the Petition, complaining of an undue El-ftion of Sir 7 Baronet, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, this Session, is the same in Substance with the Petition, complaining of the same Election, presented last Session; and, upon comparing both, they find,

That the Petition, presented this Session, is in the Names of Richard Daniel, John Bull, Robert Pctfield, Step.

Bins am, John Hoyt, and JohBoggace, on the behalf

of themselves, and other free Burgesses of the Town of Colchester:

That the Petition, presented last Session, was in the Names of Samuel Great, Steph. Hinfam, John Raytter, Richard Daniel, John Hoyt, and John Buggis, on the behalf of themselves, and other free Burgesses of the Town of Colchester.

That the Body of the Petition was the feme;

but, in respect two of the Petitioners, who signed the Petition this Session, viz. William Bull and field, did not sign the Petition, presented last Session, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of Richard Daniel, and others, free Burgesses of Colchester, presented this Session, is not the same in Substance with the Petition of Samuel Great, and others, free Burgesses of Colchester, presented to the House the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do Vo 1. 15.

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Richard Daniel, and others, free Burgesses of Colchester, presented this Session, is not the same in Substance with the Petition of Samuel Great, and others, free Burgesses of Colchester, presented to the House last Session of Parliament;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas^f'- } U4-

Tellers for the Noes|^-^»e.- . } I0»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from hearing the Matter, touching the Merits of the said Eieftion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Securing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Church of the ingrosstd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eng ami' for the securing the Church of England, as by Law established j

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Initru<5lion to the said Committee, that they may receive an Amendment, or Amendments, for the particularly naming the Act, of the thirteenth Year of King Charles the 2d (for the well governing and regulating Corporations) as to so much, as is not repealed, and also the Act, of the 25th of the said King, for preventing Dangers, which may happen from popish Recusants;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding to the Question these Words, " although effectually and " sufficiently provided for in the Bill."

And the Question being put. That those Words be added to the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,) } eoS.

Tellers for the No } l6?'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That it bean In-struction to the said Committee, that they may receive an Amendment, or Amendments, for the particularly naming the Act, of the thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second (for the well governing and regulating Corporations) as to so much, as is not repealed, and also the Act of the 25th of the said King (for preventing Dangers, which may happen from popish Recusants) although effectually and sufficiently provided for in the Bill:

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

} <3-

Tellers for ^Noes.)

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

2(1.

284

ii# Februarii.

Newport

Writ.

Lined nV. Inn-Field* Improvement*

Building Churche* in Ireland.

Harr it* Lit ate.

Trade with Portugal.

Mart is > 11° die,

Anno 5® Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-" rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, alias , in

the County of Southampton, in the room of John Lord

Cults, deceased.

Sir Joseph Jekyll (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for beautifying and preserving the Square, called Lincoln's Inn Great Fields; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Acts more effectual, for appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages, there; and that the Lord Coningsby and Mr. Annejley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir John Packington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Katherine Harris was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures did not make any Conveyance of a House, and Lands, granted to the Petitioner from the Earl of Clancarty, for the Term of 99 Years, and confirmed by Act of Parliament, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign.

That the Petitioner, for want of fdch Conveyance, hath received no Benefit by the said Act of Parliament; and therefore, in Companion of her Circumstances, 'tis thought requisite, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering her to enter upon the Premisses, and to receive the Rents and Profits in Arrear, and now in the Tenants Hands; with a Clause, reservtng the Right of any Person or Persons, lawfully claiming under any Contraft or Bargain, made by her the said Katherine Harris, since the passing of the said Act, any Contract or Bargain to the contrary, made by any other Person, than the Petitioner, notwithstanding; and to enable the Petitioner, by Sale, or Mortgage, of the Premisses, to raise Money, to pay off the just Debts, contracted by her in these her Sufferings, and Disappointments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for the Relief of the said Katherine Harris, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Six John Packington and Mr. Annejley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Portugal, was presented to the House, and read; fetfing forth, that the Trade to Portugal is of great Advantage to England, by the vast Exportation of Corn, and our Woollen Manufactures; but, for want of Convoys, the said Trade is very much discouraged, to the great Lois of the Traders thither, and Returns from thence, their Goods lying sometimes nine Months aboard, for want of Convoy, which could never be obtained otherwise than by taking the Opportunities of failing with her Majesty's Ships on the publick Expeditions; when a neighbouring Nation, by due Care, manage this Trade to Advantage: That, for the Encouragement of the Portugal Trade, 'tis necessary, that Bated Convoys be appointed; viz. the first to fail the 15th of August, to carry out the Ships ready; the next, to fail the 15th of November, to bring the Trade back; the next to fail the 15th , to bring home

the Ships failed the 15th of November', and then there will need no odier Convoy until August again; by which

1706.

means this Trade may be encouraged, and carried on with Advantage to England:And praying, that Consideratiort may be had, how the Petitioners may for the future have Redrels in respect of Convoys, that so important a Trade to this Nation may be secured, and encouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and Bailiffs, of the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon, relating to the Trade to Newfoundland, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Peter Meyer, Robert , Aynsworth'*

Willis, Humphry Mort ice, Merchants, and David Petty,

Draper, Assignees of the Estate of John Aynsworth, late of London, Merchant, on behalf of themselves, and the Majority of his Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in January, 1705, the said Ainfvmth became a Bankrupt, owing above £.18,000, and, proposing to pay down 8 s.in the Pound, and the remaining ia*. in three Years after, to which most of his Creditors had agreed, did not come in before the 24th of June, 1706, to take the Benefit of a Clause in an Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts; and, before all his Creditors had signed the said Agreement, Aynsworth had great Losses, and thereby became incapable to perform the Agreement, and fled into foreign Parts, concealing his Effects so as not to be recovered by his Creditors, without his Assistance: That he now offers to return, and conform himself to the said Act, if he may be allowed some short Time for Performance thereof: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to allow the said John Aynsworth convenient Time, for returning from beyond Sea, and surrendering himself, and his Estate, and in all things conforming to the several Statutes, made concerning Bankrupts, under such Encouragements for Discovery, and Penalties upon his Refusal, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to examine into the Abuses, relating to, or arising from, the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that John Privilege Foster, an Attorney at Law, by Wm. Mortice, a Bailiff of the County of Leicester, had caused Joshua Ferrand, a Servant to Richard Shuttleworth, Esquire (a Member of this House) to be arrested at the Suit of Thomas I life, and John Wright, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir John Mordant (according to Order) reported from Punishing

the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Con- Vagrants, tinuance of an Act, made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of the late King William (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and the first of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, That no Person shall bring or convey into England or Wales, any foreign

Vagabond,

5 Ann. i i® Februarii.

Prince Ship.

Regulating

Servants.

Poor Relief.

Call of the House.

Securing Church of England.

Union with Scotland.

Vagabond, or Beggar, or likely to be such, under a Penalty.

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause B, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free Ship; and that Sir William Huft/er and Sir Tho. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating Servants, and paying their Wages; and that Mr. f eke, Mr. Serjeant Sir

Humphry Mackworth, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Fortnight; and that such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Topham (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for securing the Church of England, as by Law established, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendments.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the Consideration of the Articles of the Commissioners for the Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and the Act of Parliament of Scotland, for Ratification thereof, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be one of the Articles of the Union of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland,

1. That the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland shall, upon the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year 1707, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the Name of Great Britain; and that the Ensigns Armorial of the said united Kingdom be such, as her Majesty shall appoint; and the Crosses of St. George and St. Andrew be conjoined, in such Manner, as her Majesty shall think fit, and used in all Flags, Banners, Standards, and Ensigns, both at Sea and Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

t. That the Succession to the Monarchy of the united Kingdom of Great Britain, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, after her most sacred Majesty, and in default of Issue of her Majesty, be, remain, and continue, to the most excellent Princess Sophia, Electrels and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants, upon whom the Crown of England is settled by an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 3d, intituled, An Act for " the further Limitation of the Crown, and better fe-Vol. 15.

" curing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject;" and that all Papists, and Persons marrying Papists, shall be excluded from, and for ever incapable to inherit, possess, or enjoy, the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; and in every such same the Crown and Government shall from time to time defrend to, and be enjoyed by, such Person, being a Protestant, as should have inherited and enjoyed the fame, in same such Papists, or Person marrying a Papist, was naturally dead; according to the Provision, for the Descent of the Crown of England, made by another Act of Parliament in England, in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subjects, and settling the Succession of the Crown."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

3. That the united Kingdom of Great Britain be represented by one and the same Parliament, to be stiled the Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

4. That all the Subjects of the united Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from and after the Union, have full Freedom and intercourse of Trade and Navigation to and from any Port or Place within the said united Kingdom, and the Dominions and Plantations thereunto belonging; and that there be a Communication of all other Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, which do or may belong to the Subjects of either Kingdom, except where it is otherwise expressly agreed in these Articles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

5th. That all Ships or Vessels, belonging to her Majesty's Subjects of Scotland at the time of ratifying the Treaty of Union of the two Kingdoms in the Parliament of Scotland, though foreign-built, be deemed, and pass, as Ships of the Built of Great Britain; the Owner, or (where there are more Owners) one or more of the Owners, within Twelve Months after the first of May next, making Oath, That at the Time of ratifying the Treaty of Union in the Parliament of Scotland, the same did, in whole, or in part, belong to him, or them, or to some other Subject or Subjects of Scotland, to be particularly named, with the Place of their respective Abodes; and that the same doth then, at the time of the said Deposition, wholly belong to him, or them; and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, Part, or Interest therein: Which Oath shall be made before the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port next to the Abode of the said Owner, or Owners; and the said Officer or Officers shall be impowered to administer the said Oath; and the Oath, being so administered, shall be attested by the Officer or Officers, who administered the lame; and, being registered by the said Officer or Officers, shall be delivered to the Matter of the Ship, for Security of her Navigation; and a Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Officer or Officers to the chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port of Edenburgh, to be there entered in a Register, and from thence to be sent to the Port of London, to be there entered in the general Register of all Trading Ships, belonging to Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union.

6th. That all Parts of the united Kingdom for ever, from and after the Union, shall have the same Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations, of Trade, and liable to the same Customs and Duties, on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations, of Trade, and the Customs and Duties, on Import and Export, settled in England, when the Union commences, shall, from and after the Union,

4 C take

Union with Scotland.

a86 11° Februarii. A: 1706.

take place throughout the whole united Kingdom; excepting and reserving the Duties upon Export and Import of such particular Commodities, from which any Persons, the Subjects of either Kingdom, are especially liberated and exempted by their private Rights, which, after the Union, are to remain safe and inti re to them, in all respects, as before the same: And that, from and after the Union, no Scotch Cattle, carried into shall be liable to any other Duties, either on the publick or private Accounts, than those Duties, to which the Cattle of England are, or shall be, liable within the said Kingdom: And seeing, by the Laws of , there

arc Rewards granted, upon the Exportation of certain Kinds of Grain, wherein Oats, grinded or ungrinded, are not expressed, that, from and after the Union, when Oats shall be sold at Fifteen Shillings Sterling per Quarter, or under, there shall be paid Two Shillings and Six Pence Sterling for every Quarter of the Oatmeal, exported in the Term of the Law, whereby, and so long as. Rewards are granted for Exportation of other Grain; and that the Beer of Scotland have the same Rewards, as Barley: And, in respect the Importation of Visual into Scotland, from any Place beyond Sea, would prove a Discouragement to Tillage, therefore, that the Prohibi-. tion, as now in force by the Law of Scotland, against Importation of Victuals from Ireland, or any other Place beyond Sea, into Scotland, do, after the Union, remain in the same Force, as now it is, until more proper and effectual Ways be provided by the Parliament of Great Britain, for discouraging the Importation of the said , Victuals from beyond Sea.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

7th. That all Parts of the united Kingdom be for ever, from and after the Union* liable to the same Excises upon all-excitable Liquors, excepting only, that the Thirty-four Gallons English Barrel of Beer, or Ale, amounting to twelve Gallons Scots present Measure, fold . in Scotland by the Brewer at nine Shillings Six Pence Sterling, excluding all Duties, and retailed, including Duties, and the Retailers Profit, at Two Pence the Scots Pint, or eighth Part of the Scots Gallon, be not, after the Union, liable, on account of the present Excise upon excisable Liquors in England, to any higher Imposition, than Two Shillings Sterling upon the aforesaid Thirty-four Gallons English Barrel, being Twelve Gallons of the present Scots Measure; and that the Excise, settled in England on all other Liquors, when the Union commences, take place throughout the whole united Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

8th. That, from and after the Union, all foreign Salt, which shall be imported into , shall be charged,

at the Importation there, with the same Duties, as the like Salt is now charged with, being imported into England -, and to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner: But, in regard the Duties of great Quantities of foreign Salt, imported, may be very heavy on the Merchants Importers, that therefore all foreign Salt, imported . into Scotland, shall be cellared, and locked up, under the Custoiiy of the Merchants Importer, and the Officers, employed for levying the Duties upon Salt; and that the Merchant may have what Quantities thereof his Occasions may require, not under a Weigh, or Forty Bushels, at a time, giving Security for the Duty of what Quantity he receives, payable in Six Months: But Scotland shall, for the Space of Seven Years from the said Union, be exempted from paying, in Scotland, for Salt, made there, the Duty, or Excise, now payable for Salt, made in England; but, from the Expiration of the said Seven Years, shall be subject and liable to the same . Duties for Salt, made in Scotland, as shall be then payable for Sait, made in England; to be levied, and secured, in the same Manner, and with proportionable Drawbacks, land Allowances, as in England-, with this Exception, that Scotland shall, after the said Seven Years, remain

-exempted from the Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence the Bushel on home Salt, imposed by an Act, made in England, in the 9th and 10th of King William the Third of England; and, if the Parliament of Great Britain shall, at or before the expiring of the said Seven Years, substitute any other Fund in place of the said Two Shillings and Four Pence of Excise on the Bushel of home Salt, Scotland shall, after the said Seven Years, bear a Proportion of the said Fund, and have an Equivalent in the Terms of this Treaty: And that, during the said Seven Years, there shall be paid in England for all Salt, made in Scotland, and imported from thence into England, the same Duties, upon the Importation, as

shall be payable for Salt, made in England to be levied and secured, in the same Manner, as the Duties on foreign Salt are to be levied and secured in England: And that, after the said Seven Years, as long as the said Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence a Bushel upon Salt is continued in England, the said Two Shillings and Four Pence a Bushel shall be payable for all Salt, made in Scotland, and imported into England-, to be levied, and secured in the same Manner: And that, during the Continuance of the Duty of Two Shillings Four Pence a Bushel upon Salt, made in England, no Salt whatsoever be brought from Scotland to England, by Land, in any Manner, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Salt, and the Cattle and Carriages, made use of in bringing the same, and paying Twenty Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; for which the Carrier, as well as the Owner shall be liable, jointly and severally; and the Persons, bringing or carrying the fame, to be imprisoned by any one Justice of the Peace, by the Space of Six Months, without Bail, and until the Penalty be paid: And, for establishing ari Equality in Trade, that all Flesh, exported from Scotland to England, and put on board in Scotland, to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and Provision for Ships in Scotland, and for foreign Voyages, may be salted with Scots Salt, paying the same Duty for what Salt is so employed, as the like Quantity of such Salt pays in England; and under the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions, for preventing of Frauds, as are mentioned in the Laws of England: And that, from and after the Union, the Laws and Acts of Parliament in Scotland, for pineing, curing, and packing, of Herrings, White Fish, and Salmon, for Exportation, with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irifk Salt, and for preventing of Frauds in curing and packing of Fish, be continued in force in Scotland, subject to such Alterations, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that all Fish, exported from Scotland to Parts beyond the Seas, which shall be cured with foreign Salt only, and without Mixture of British or Irijli Salt, shall have the same Eases, Premiums, and Drawbacks, as are or shall be allowed to such Persons, as export the like Fish from England: And that, for the Encouragement of the Herring Fishing, there shall be allowed and paid to the Subjects, Inhabitants of Great Britain, during the present Allowances for other Fishes, Ten Shillings Five Pence Sterling for every Barrel of White Herrings, which shall be exported from Scotland: And that there shall be allowed Five Shillings Sterling for every Barrel of Beef, or Pork, salted with foreign Salt, without Mixture of British or Irish Salt, and exported for Sale, from Scotland, to Parts beyond Sea, alterable by the Parliament of Great Britain: And ifany Matters,"or Fraud, relating to the said Duties on Salt, shall hereafter appear, which are not sufficiently provided against by this Article, the same shall be subject to such further Provisions, as shall be thought fit by the Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

9th. That whenever the Sum of One million Nine hundred Ninety-seven thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds, EightShil!ings, and Four Pence Half-peny, shall be enacted byt he Parliament of Great Britain

to

5 Ann.

i i° Februa

to be nufed in that Part of the unitoi Kingdom, now called England, on Land, and other Things, usually charged in Acts of Parliament there, for granting an Aid to the Crown by a Land Tax, that Part of the united Kingdom, now called Scotland, shall be charged by the same Ait with a further Sum of Forty-eight thousand Pounds, free of all Charges, as the Quota of Scotland to such Tax; and (o proportionably for any greater or lesser Sum, raised in England by any Tax on Land, and other Things, usually. charged together with the Land; and that such Quota for Scotland, in the Cafes aforesaid, be raised and collected in the same Manner, as the Cess now is in Scotland, but subject to such Regulations in the Manner of collecting, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

10th. That, during the Continuance of the respective Duties on stampt Paper, Vellum, and Parchment, by the several Acts, now in force in England, Scotland shall not be charged with the same respective Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

nth. That, during the Continuance of the Duties, payable in England on Windows and Lights, which determines on the First Day of August, 1710, Scotland shall not be charged with the same Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

12th. That, during the Continuance. of the Duties, payable in England on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which determines the 30th Day of September, 1710, Scotland shall not be charged therewith for Coals, Culm, and Cinders, consumed there; but shall be charged with the same Duties, as in England, for all Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not consumed in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

13th. That, during the Continuance of the Duty, payable in England on Malt, which determines the 24th Day of June, 1707, Scotland shall not be charged with that Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

14th. That the Kingdom of Scotland be not charged with any other Duties, laid on by the Parliament of England before the Union, except these consented to in this Treaty; in regard it is agreed, that all necessary Provi-(3on shall be made by the Parliament of Scotland for the publick Charge and Service of that Kingdom, for the Year 1707: Provided nevertheless, that, if the Parliament of England shall think (it to lay any further Impositions, by way of Customs, or such Excises, with which, by virtue of this Treaty, is to be charged

equally with England, in such same Scotland shall be liable to the same Customs, and Excises, and have an Equivalent, to be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain; with this further Provision, that any Malt, to be made and consumed in that Part of the united Kingdom, now called Scotland, shall not be charged with any Im-poGtion on Malt, during this present War. And seeing it cannot be supposed, that the Parliament of Great Britain will ever lay any sort of Burthens upon the united Kingdom, but what they shall find of Necessity at that Time, for the Preservation and Good of the whole, and with due Regard to the Circumstances and Abilities of every Part of the united Kingdom; therefore it is agreed, that there be it further Exemption infilled upon for any Part of the united Kingdom, but that the Consideration of any Exemptions, beyond what is already agreed on in this Treaty, shall be left to the Determination of the Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

15th. That, whereas, by the Terms of this Treaty, the Subjects of Scotland, for preserving an Equality of Trade Vo I. }5.

:throughout the united Kingdom, will be liable to several Union with Customs, and Excises, now payable in England, which Scotland, will be applicable towards Payment of the Debts of England, con traded before the Union; it is agreed, that Scotland shall have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof, shall be so charged towards Payment of the said Debts of England, in all Particulars whatsoever, in mannerfollowing; viz. That, before the Union of the said Kingdoms, the Sum of Three hundred Ninety-eight thousand and Eighty-five Pounds, Ten Shillings, be granted to her Majesty by the Parliament of England, for the Uses after-mentioned, being the Equivalent, to bean* fwered to Scotland for such Parts of the said Customs; and Excises upon all excisable Liquors, with which that Kingdom is to be charged, upon the Union, as will be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of,

according to the Proportions, which the present Customs in Scotland, being Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, do bear to the Customs in England, computed at £. 1,341,559 per Annum, and which the present Excises on excitable Liquors in Scotland, being £. 33,500 per Annum, do bear to the Excises on excisable Liquors in England, computed at £. 947,602 per Annum; which Sum of£. 398,085. 10 s.shall be due and payable from the Time of the Union: And, in regard that, after the Union, Scotland becoming liable to the same Customs and Duties, payable on Import and Export, and to the same Excises on all excisable Liquors, as in England, as well upon that Account, as upon the Account of the Increase of Trade and People (which will be the happy Consequence of the Union) the said Revenues will much improve, beyond the before-mentioned annual Values thereof, of which no present Estimate can be made, yet, nevertheless, for the Reasons aforesaid, there ought to be a proportionable Equivalent answered to Scotland; it is agreed, that, after the Union, there shall be an Account kept of the said Duties, arising in Scotland, to tho end it may appear, what ought to be answered to Scotland, as an Equivalent for such Proportion of the said Increase, as shall be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England. And, for the further and more effectual answering the several Ends hereafter mentioned; it is agreed, that, from and after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs and Duties on Import and Export, and Excises upon excisable Liquors, in Scotland, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above dated, shall go and be applied, for the Term of Seven Years, to the Uses hereafter mentioned; and that, upon the said Account, there shall be answered to Scotland annually, from the End of Seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent, in Proportion to such Part of the said Increase, as shall be applicable to the Debts of England; and, generally, that an Equivalent shall be answered to for such

Parts of the English Debts, as Scotland may hereafter become liable to pay, by reason of the Union, other than such, for which Appropriations have been made by Parliament, in England, of the Customs, or other Duties, on Export and Import, Excises on all excitable Liquors; in respect of which Debts, Equivalents are herein before provided. And as for the Uses, to which the said Sum of jC- 39®>°S5- ior. to be granted, as aforesaid, and all other Moneys, which are to be answered, or allowed, to Scotland, as said is, are to be applied, it is agreed, that, in the first Place, out of the aforesaid Sum, whatConsideration shall be found necessary to be had for any Lodes, which private Persons may sustain, by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England, may be made good;

In the next Place, that the capital Stock, or Fund, of the African and Indian Company of Scotland, advanced, together with the Interest for the said capital Stock, after the Rate of£. eper Cent, per Annum, from the respective

Times of the Payment thereof, shall be paid; upon Payment of which capital Stock, and Interest, it is agreed, the said Company be difiolved, and cease; and

also.

Union with Scotland.

288 11° Februarii. 1706.

also, that, from the Time of passing the Act of Parliament in England, for raising the said Sum of £.398,08 5. 10 s. the said Company shall neither trade, nor grant Licence to trade; providing, that, if the Olid Stock, and Interest, shall not be paid in Twelve Months after the Commencement of the Union, that then the said Company may from thenceforward trade, or give Licence to trade, until the said whole capital Stock, and Interest, shall be paid: And as to the Overplus of the said Sum of £.398,085. 10 after Payment of what Consideration shall be had for Losses in repairing the Coin, and paying the Oud capital Stock, and Interest; and also the whole Increase of the said Revenues of Customs. Duties, and Excises, above the present Value, which shall arise in Scotland, during the said Term of Seven Years, together with the Equivalent, which shall become due, upon the Improvement thereof in Scotland, after the said Term; and also as to all other Sums, which, according to the Agreements aforesaid, may become payable to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, for what that Kingdom shall hereafter become liable, towards Payment of the Debt of England; it is agreed, that the same be applied in manner following: viz. That all the publick Debts of the Kingdom of Scotland, as shall be adjusted by this present Parliament, shall be paid; and that £. 2,000 per Annum, for the Space of Seven Years, shall be applied towards encouraging and promoting the Manufacture of coarse Wool within those Shires, which produce the Wool; and that the First £. *,000 Sterling be paid at Martinmas next, and so yearly at Martinmas, during the Space aforesaid; and afterwards the same shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements, in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the united Kingdom. And it is agreed, that her Majesty be impowered to appoint Commissioners, who shall be accountable to the Parliament of Great Britain, for disposing the said Sum of £.398,085. 10 s.and all other Moneys, that shall arise to Scotland upon the Agreements aforesaid, to the Purposes before mentioned; which Commissioners shall be impowered to call for, receive, and dispose of, the said Moneys, in manner aforesaid, and to inspect the Books of the several Collectors of the said Revenues, and of all other Duties, from whence an Equivalent may arise; and that the Collectors, and Managers, of the said Revenues, and Duties, be obliged to give to the said Commissioners subscribed authentick Abbreviates of the Produce of such Revenues, and Duties, arising in their respective Districts; and that the said Commissioners shall have their Office within the Limits of Scotland, and shall in such Office keep Books, containing Accounts of the Amount of the Equivalent, and how the same shall have been disposed of from time to time; which may be inspected by any of the Subjects, who shall desire the fame.

Rejotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

16th. That, from and after the Union, the Coin shall be of the same Standard and Value throughout the united Kingdom, as now in England; and a Mint shall be continued in Scotland, under the same Rules, as the Mint in England; and the present Officers of the Mint continued; subject to such Regulations, and Alterations, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the Parliament of Great Britain, shall think fit.

Rc/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

17th. That, from and after the Union, the same Weights and Measures shall be used throughout the united Kingdom, as are now established in England and Standards of Weights and Measures shall be kept by those Burghs in Scotland, to whom the keeping the Standards of Weights and Measures, now in use there, does of special Right belong; all which Standards shall be sent down to such respective Burghs from the Standards kept in the Exchequer at subject,

nevertheless, to such Regulations; as the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article 01 the said Union,

18 th. That the Laws, concerning Regulation of Trade Customs, and such Excises, to which Scotland is, by virtue of this Treaty, to be liable, be the same in Scotland, from and after the Union, as in England; and that all other Laws, in use within the Kingdom of Scotland, do, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in the same Force, as before, except such, as are contrary to, or inconsistent with, this Treaty, but alterable by the Parliament of Great Britain-, with this Difference betwixt the Laws, concerning publick Right, Policy, and civil Government, and those which concern private Right; that the Laws, which concern publick Right, Policy, and civil Government, may be made the same throughout the whole united Kingdom, but that no Alteration be made in Laws, which concern private Right, except for evident Utility of the Subjects within Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

19th. That the Court of Session, or College of Justice, do, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in all Time coming within Scotland, as it is now constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Privileges, as before the Union; subject nevertheless to such Regulations, for the better Administration of Justice, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that hereafter none shall be named by her Majesty, or her royal Successors, to be ordinary Lords of Session, but such who have served in the College of Justice, as Advocates, or principal Clerks of Session, for the Space of Five Years, or as Writers to the Signet, for the Space of Ten Years; with this Provision, that no Writer to the Signet be capable to be admitted a Lord of the Session, unless he undergo a private and publick Trial on the Civil Law before the Faculty of Advocates, and be found by them qualified for the said Office, two Years before he be named to be a Lord of the Session; yet so, as the Qualification, made, or to be made, for capacitating Persons to be named ordinary Lords of Session, may be altered by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that the Court of Judiciary do also, after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in all Time coming within Scotland, as it is now constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Privileges, as before the Union; subject nevertheless to such Regulations, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain, and without Prejudice of other Rights of Justiciary: And that all Admiralty Jurisdictions be under the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for the Admiralty of Great Britain, for the Time being: And that the Court of Admiralty, now established in Scotland, be continued; and that all Reviews, Reductions, or Suspensions, of the Sentences in maritime Cafes, competent to the Jurisdiction of chat Court, remain in the same Manner after the Union, as now in Scotland, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be judged expedient for the whole united Kingdom; so as there be always continued in Scotland a Court of Admiralty, such as is in England, for Determination of all maritime Cales, relating to private Rights in Scotland, competent to the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court; subject nevertheless to such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that the heretable Rights of Admiralty, and Vice Admiralties, in Scotland, be reserved to the respective Proprietors, as Rights of Property; subject nevertheless, as to the Manner of exercising such heretable Rights, to such Regulations, and Alterations, as shall be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great tain: And that all other Courts, now in being within the Kingdom of Scotland, do remain; but subject

to

5 Ann. i i Februarii. 289

to Alterations by the Parliament of Great Britain: And that all inferior Courts, within the said Limits, do remain subordinate, as they are now, to the supreme Courts of Justice within the same, in all Time coming: And that no Causes in Scotland be cognofcable by the Courts of Chancery, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or any other Court in Westminster and that the said Courts, or any other of the like Nature, after the Union, shall have no Power to cognofce, review, or alter, the Acts or Sentences of the Judicatures within Scotland, or flop the Execution of the fame: And that there be a Court of Exchequer in Scotland, after the Union, for deciding Questions concerning the Revenues of Customs and Excises there, having the same Power and Authority in such Cases, as the Court of Exchequer has in England', and that the said Court of Exchequer

in Scotland have Power of passing Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and in other things, as the Court of Exchequer at present in Scotland hath: And that the Court of Exchequer, that now is in Scotland, do remain, until a new Court of Exchequer be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain in Scotland, after the Union: And that, after the Union, the Queen's Majesty, and her royal Successors, may continue a Privy Council in Scotland, for preserving the publick Peace and Order, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit to alter it, or establish any other effectual Method for that end.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

20th. That all heretable Offices, Superiorities, here-table Jurisdictions, Offices for Life, and Jurisdictions for Life, be reserved to the Owners thereof, as Rights of Property, in the same Manner, as they are now enjoyed by the Laws of Scotland, notwithstanding this Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

21 ft. That the Rights and Privileges of the royal Boroughs in Scotland, as they now are, do remain intire after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

22d. That; by virtue of this Treaty, of the Peers of Scotland, at the Time of the Union, Sixteen shall be the Number, to fit and vote in the House of Lords, and Forty-five the Number of the Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain: And that, when her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall declare her or their Pleasure for holding the first, or any subsequent, Parliament of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make further Provision therein, a Writ do issue, under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, commanding them to cause Sixteen Peers, who are to fit in the House of Lords, to be summoned to Parliament, and Forty-five Members to be elected, to fit in the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain, according to the Agreement in this Treaty, in such manner, as by an Act, of this present Session of the Parliament of Scotland, is or shall be settled, which Act is hereby declared to be as valid, as if it were a Part of, and ingrossed in, this Treaty; and that the Names of the Persons, so summoned, and elected, shall be returned by the Privy Council of Scotland into the Court from whence the said Writ did issue: And that, if her Majesty, on or before the First Day of May next, on which Day the Union is to take Place, shall declare, under the Great Seal of England, that it is expedient, that the Lords, of Parliament of

land, and Commons of the present Parliament of England, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England, then the said Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of shall be the Members of the respective Houses of the First Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England; and her Majesty may, by her royal Proclamation, V O L. 15.

under the Great Seal of Great Britain, appoint the said Union with First Parliament of Great Britain to meet at such Time Scotland, and Place, as her Majesty shall think fit; which Time shall not be less than Fifty Days after the Date of such Proclamation; and the Time and Place of the Meeting of such Parliament being so appointed, a Writ shall be immediately issued, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, for the summoning the Sixteen Peers, and for electing Forty-five Members, by whom Scotland is to be repre-fented in the Parliament of Great Britain-, and the Lords of Parliament of England, and the Sixteen Peers of Scotland (such Sixteen Peers being summoned, and returned, in the Manner agreed in this Treaty) and the Members of the House of Commons of the said Parliament of England, and the Forty-five Members for Scotland (such Forty-

five Members being elected, and returned, in the Manner agreed in this Treaty) shall assemble and meet respectively in their respective Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, at such Time and Place, as shall be so appointed by her Majesty, and shall be the Two Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain; and that Parliament may continue for such Time only, as the present Parliament of England might have continued, if the Union of the two Kingdoms had not been made, unless sooner dissolved by her Majesty. And that every one of the Lords of Parliament of Great Britain, and every Member of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain, in the First and all succeeding Parliaments of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall otherwise direct, shall take the respective.

Oaths, appointed to be taken, instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, by an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the First Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oathsand make, subscribe, and audibly repeat, the Declaration, mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament and shall take and subscribe the Oath, mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made in England, in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " to declare the Alterations in the Oath, appointed to be taken by the Act (intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for " extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of " Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and " secret Abettors) and for declaring the Association to be determined;" at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Members of both Houses of Parliament of England are by the said respective Acts directed to take, make, and subscribe, the fame, upon the Penalties, and Disabilities, in the find respective Acts contained: And it is declared, and agreed, that these Words, " This " Realm," " The Crown of this Realm," and " The " Queen of this Realm," mentioned in the Oaths and Declaration, contained in the aforesaid Acts, which were intended to signify the Crown and Realm of England, shall be understood of the Crown and Realm of Great Britain; and that in that Sense the said Oaths and Declaration be taken, and subscribed, by the Members of both Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That it be another Article of the said Union,

23d. That the aforesaid Sixteen Peers of Scotland, mentioned in the last preceding Article, to fit in the House of Lords of the Parliament of Great Britain, shall have all Privileges of Parliament, which the Peers of England now have, and which they, or any Peers of Great Britain, shall have after the Union; and particularly, the Right of fitting upon the Trials of Peers:

And, in case of the Trial of any Peer in Time of 4 D Adjournment,

Union with Scotland.

£96 i i6 — i 26 Februafit.

Adjournment, or Prorogation, of Parliament, the said Sixteen Peers shall be summoned iii the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trial, as any other Peers of; and that, in

case any Trials of Peers shall hereafter happen, when there is no Parliament in being, the Sixteen Peers of Scotland, who fat in the last preceding Parliament, shall be summoned in the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trials, as any other Peers, of Great Britain: And that all Peers of Scotland, and their Successors to their Honours and Dignities, shall, from and after the Union, be Peers of Great,

and have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Peers of the like Orders and Degrees in England at the Time of the Union, and before all Peers of Great Britain, of the like Orders and Degrees, who may be created after the Union; and shall be tried as Peers of Great Britain-, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers, as fully, as the Peers of England do now, or as they, or any other Peers of Great Britain, may hereafter, enjoy the fame, except the Right and Privilege of fitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and, particularly, the Right of fitting upon the Trials of Peers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Article of the said Union,

24th. That, from and after the Union, there be one Great Seal for the united Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall be different from the Great Seal, now used in either Kingdom; and that the quartering the Arms, and the Rank and Precedency of the Lyon King of Arms, of the Kingdom of Scotland, as may belt suit the Union, be left to her Majesty; and that, in the mean Time, the Great Seal of England be used as the Great Seal of the united Kingdom; and that the Great Seal of the united Kingdom be used, for sealing Writs, to elect, and summon, the Parliament of Great Britain, and for sealing all Treaties with foreign Princes and States, and all publick Acts, Instruments, and Orders, of State, which concern the whole united Kingdom, and in all other Matters, relating to England, as the Great Seal of England is now used: And that a Seal in Scotland, after the Union, be always kept, and made use of in all things, relating to private Rights, or Grants, which have usually passed the Great Seal of Scotland, and which only concern Offices, Grants, Commissions, and private Rights, within that Kingdom; and that, until such Seal shall be appointed by her Majesty, the present Great Seal of Scotland shall be used for such Purposes: And that the Privy Seal, Signet, Caflltt, Signet of the Justiciary Court, Quarter Seal, and Seals of Courts, now used in Scotland, be continued; but that the said Seals be altered, and adapted to the State of the Union, as her Majesty shall think fit: And the said Seals, and all of them, and the Keepers of them, shall be subject to such Regulations, as the Parliament of Great Britain shall hereafter make: And that the Crown, Sceptre, and Sword of State, the Records of Parliament, and all other Records, Rolls, and Registers whatsoever, both publick and private, general and particular, and Warrants thereof, continue to be kept, as they are, witlvn that Part of the united Kingdom, now called Scotland -, and that they shall so remain in all Time coming, notwithstanding of the Union.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be another Articleof the said Union,

25th. That all Laws and Statutes in either Kingdom, so far as they are contrary to, or inconsistent with, the Terms of these Articles, or any of them, shall, from and after the Union, cease, and become void; and shall be so declared to be by the respective Parliaments of the said Kingdoms.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Campion, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Coningsby, Lord Marquis Hartington, Sir Wm. St. Qttintin, Sir Joseph , and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, I 2" dieFebruarii;

Anno 5° Ann® Regin® 1706.

Pit A YE RS.

AP E TITI ON of James Sibley, Citizen, and Glass Seller of London, for and on the behalf of Pyle, and Rebecca Pyle, Infants, his Grand Children, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is now in the House, a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, and vetting the surplus Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: That the said Infants are the Grand-children of old Sir Seymour Pyle, and first Cousins to the now Sir Seymour; and, in case the said Bill should pass, it will debar the said Infants of all their Pretensions to the Estate of old Sir Seymour, by virtue of the Settlement by him made,' or by virtue of the Settlement, made by the now Sir Seymour, on his Marriage, in case of Failure of Issue Male, or Female, by him: And praying to be heard by Counsel, or otherwise,. against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir William Hufller (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for making the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free Ship; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Woollaflon presented to the House, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game; and the same was received, and read the First time; but, being brought in with Penalties therein filled up, the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Sir Hopton Williams have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Joseph Wall, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for Sale of the Estate of Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, and vetting the surplus Muncy, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: That the Petitioner isadvised, the said Bill, as it now stands, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioner: And praying, that he may be heard, what he has to object against the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed, that Dr. Davenant attended, from the Commissioners of the Customs, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account of Sifters Thread, imported to England from Holland, with the Duties thereon, for three Years, from Christmas, 1703, to Christmas, 1706; and also.

An Account of Goods and Merchandizes, that are of the Product and Manufacture of England, exported to foreign Parts, with the Custom, those Goods which are rated, and those, which pay ad valorem, amount unto, from Christmas, 1701, to Christmas, 1704, in distinct Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered,

Pyle's Estate#

Prince Ship.

Preservatio* of Game.

Leave of Able nee.

Pyle's Eftaie.

SiflersThread

imported.

---

5 Ann. 12° Februarii. 291

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

[Frauds by Bankrupts.]

Sir Gilbert Heathcott reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Abuses relating to, or arising from, the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, the Examinations, which the Committee had taken, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Petitioners, Merchants, and Traders, of the City of London, acquainted the Committee with the Abuses, and ill Practices, arising from the said Act; viz.

Mr. Walker, Citizen, and Linen-draper said, that this Act was made upon the account of that notorious Fraud of one Pitkyn; but that it is found by Experience to be deficient, and the same Cheat may be still acted:

1st, In not providing Penalties upon such Bankrupts, as shall remove any Goods or Effects, from off the Premisses:

2dly, By not giving sufficient Power, for the detesting, and punishing, Concealers of Bankrupts Effects; which is avoided under the Umbrage of the 30 Days Notice, allowed them by this Act to come in, to discover, after such Commission is issued forth: And,

3dly, By the Abuses, and ill Practices, of several of the Commissioners, appointed for putting the Act in Execution.

In order to the proof of these Assertions,

Mr. Walker said, that one James Stone carried off Effects to the Value of £.3,000, and has not surrendered himself, though a Reward of 50 has been published in the Gazette; and, as the Act Hands, had he been taken

within the limited Time, he must have been allowed the Benefit of this Act, without Punishment for his Villany, as if he had voluntarily surrendered his Effects to his Creditors.

Mr. Mount said, that one , formerly Apprentice to a Woollen-draper, turned Merchant, and tailing, carried off his Effects, to the Value of £. 4,000, and, when this Act was passed, he returned, to take the Benefit thereof, and, to that End, surrendered what he called his All; viz. A Silver-hilted Sword, a Pair of Pistols, two-Guineas, Six Pence, and Seven Farthings, a False

7'urky Stone Ring; and had a Certificate thereupon, signed by the Commissioners, though he is Son to a Gentleman at this Time of £. 700 per Annum.

And that the Numbers of Commissions, taken out against Butchers, Alehouse-keepers, and such Sort of Tradesmen, are very pernicious, the Expence of the Commissions generally exceeding what is left of their Effects for their Creditors.

That, upon passing this Act, one Green surrendered himself, and gave in an Inventory of his remaining Effects; but therein omitted a Bond 50 owing to him, since paid to the Assignees by the Person, and another Debt of Value, not mentioned, and after was paid for the Benefit of his Creditors.

That there can be no Conviction of a Bankrupt's Perjury, pursuant to the Act, without there had been a positive Oath appointed, by reason of the Evafiveness of the Oaths, now administered to them; such positive Oaths being always the Method prescribed in Acts of Grace.

That the Commissioners, for putting the Act in Execution, being under no Oath, exercise very extraordinary Po wers over the Subject.

Mr. Egg/eton said, that Wm. Peel, Silkman, removed

himself, and Goods, from his Shop in the Poultry, into the Mint, about the beginning of 1705.

That a commission was awarded against him, dated Vox- 1&.

the nth Day of July, 1706, Eight Months after his Removal. *

That the first Notice, most of his Creditors had thereof, was from an Advertisement in the Gazette, of the 25th of July, 1706, giving an account, that the Commissioners intended to meet at the Two fighting Cocks in the Mint, the 9th Day of August following, in order to finish the Examination of the Bankrupt.

That the Bankrupt, Peel, sent a Letter, dated the next Day, on the 10th of August, 1706, to Mr. Anth. Beckwith, one of the Commissioners, containing several extravagant Articles of Losses, and Expences, to near £. 300, for Nine Months Expences, that he had been in the Mint: Which Letter was produced to the Committee.

notwithstanding this Letter, the acting Commissioners, by a Certificate, bearing Date Seven Days after, viz. the 17th August, 1706, do certify to the Right honourable the Lord Keeper, that they found, that the said William Peel became a Bankrupt since the 24th Day of June last; and that he did on the 23d Day of July last past, voluntarily surrender himself to them; and that in all things he had conformed to the several Statutes, formerly made against Bankrupts, and to the late Act,

This Procedure, with some other Particulars, relating to the Execution of this Commission, seems very extraordinary:

That there was but one Advertisement published, of the Meetings of the Commissioners, and that in the Mint;. where few Creditors were willing to appear, for fear of being insulted:

Tliofe, that did appear, were not suffered to ask the Bankrupt any Questions, being check'd, as impertinent therein, and told their Business was to give Reasons, why a Certificate should not be signed, in order to his Discharge:

That they signed a Certificate, that he became a Bankrupt since the 24th June last? when they knew (Mr. Beckwith at lead) that he had been Seven Months before that Time in the Mint:

That the said 24th of June appears in the original Certificate to be interlined, but owned by Mr. Beckwith to be done before signing:

That, notwithstanding the Bankrupt was a Angle Person, and his Accounts so extravagant, yet the Commissioners (although defiled) would not grant Time, for the Creditors to make Objections:

That Mr. Beckwith went out of Town, and locked the Bankrupt's Depositions up, that no Copy could be had till after the Time, the Lord Keeper had set for Appeals to be made:

That this Mr. Beckwith appeared as Attorney for the Bankrupt, at an Hearing before the Lord Chief Baron Ward and Mr. Justice Powell.

Mr. Wright said, that about four Years since one Stroud broke, and carried off all his Effects; and about two Years after he offered his Creditors is. and 6d.per. Pound; which not being accepted, he surrendered himself, summoned his Creditors to Brown's Coffee-house, the 13th of November, at Five a Clock; and, though the Commissioners did not meet till Nine a Clock that Night, he had the Benefit of the late Act, and his Certificate signed by the Commissioners, one Mr. Mead being then the acting Commissioner.

Mr. Walker said, that one Stanton set up but in October last, and had then received £.156 of his Wife's Portion, and procured to himself£. 1,800 Credit, and run out, and broke on the 23d Jati. last, and carried off his Effects; but upon his Apprehensions of this Committee's fitting, he has promised his Creditors, he will return the remaining Effects, and come in to have the Benefit of the late Act.

Mr. Wilson said, it is not uncommon now for Bankrupts to get their own Assignees appointed: That one Majon, a Surgeon, owed him £. 86 and then broke; and he took out a Commission of Bankrupt, proved his Debt, and applied to the Assignee for Payment: who

292 12° Februarii. A. 1706.

[Frauds by Bankrupts.]

told him, he had contracted with another Creditor, to pay him the Bankrupt's Effects; but, upon his threatening him, to petition the Lord Keeper for Relief against his Frauds, the Assignee paid him.

Mr. Dowfe, and Mr. Mtwo of the Commissioners in a Commission of Bankrupt, awarded against one field, laid, that the Bankrupt being got into the Mint) they went to the Sign of the Two fighting Cocks to examine; who told them, that he had contracted a Debt with one Rogers, a Taylor, to the amount of £. 58, upon which he bad obtained a Judgment against him, and, upon the Execution thereof, paid himself ,£. 40, and then offered him, as a fresh Credit, the Redemption of a Mortgage, he, the said Rogers, had upon five or six small Houses, that might prove of some small Advantage to the Bankrupt; and then took out a Statute against him.

That, upon examining Rogers upon Oath, he at first confessed, that the Debt from was but 48, but

afterwards he produced Bonds from the Bankrupt, for above £. 80, and swore, the Consideration of the said Bonds were due to him, without including any Interest upon the Account of the Redemption of the aforesaid Mortgage; and that, from the said Rogers swearing backwards and forwards, they, the said Commissioners had a great deal of Reason to believe, that it was a Contrivance between Rogers and the Bankrupt, to have a Statute taben out, to screen the Bankrupt from his just Debts.

Mr. Rogers, appearing, said, the reason of his prevaricating was, by being aflced too many Questions by the Commissioners; and owned he had obtained £.38 of his Debt, before the Statute, upon his Execution, which he took out for or £. coo.

That the Charge of the said Commission amounted to about £. 60.

That it appeared to the Commissioners, that the said Rogers and Blumfield had arrested a Debtor of the said Bankrupt's j and the Commissioners are often some Years, before they make a Dividend among the Creditors, and sometimes none at all.

And an Expedient, for remedy therein, was offered, that for the future the Majority of the Creditors may elect the Assignees.

Mr. Huggins, an Attorney, said, that he had known several Commissions of Bankrupt taken out for very small Debts, to defeat their just Creditors; particularly, a Statute was taken out against one Charles Evans by his Barber, who at the same time owed his Client £. 1,000, and when the Bankrupt surrendered himself, to take the Benefit of the late Act, all, that he surrendered, for the Satisfaction of his Creditors, did not amount to above £. 5, and that the Charge of the Commission, amounted to £.30.

Mr. Walker said, that another Mischief attends the Creditors, from the Necessity the Commissioners are obliged to make three Sittings, though neither the Effects are removed, nor the Bankrupt absent; which occasions the Increase of the Charge of the Commission, to the Disadvantage of the Creditors.

One Christopher Gold, said, that when he was in Holland, a Commission of Bankrupt was taken out against him by three of his Creditors, whose whole Debts did not amount to above 45, under the Hardship whereof his Goods, and all his Effects, were seized, and fold, to the Ruin of himself, Wife, and Children

Mr. Wallis said, that he was summoned to the Two fighting Cocks in the Mint; upon a Commission against one of his Debtors; where one Beckwith, an Attorney, was fitting Commissioner, assisted by two others; and, upon his Delire of knowing, what the Bankrupt had surrendered, was sufficient to pay his Creditors, Beckwith, told him, he was very impertinent: They came there, to discharge the Bankrupt, and not to answer such Questions; and would sign their Certificate: Upon which he desiring some Time, that he might detect the Bankrupt's Discovery; but it was denied him; and by the

Usage Beckwith treated him, had it not been by the Interest of the other two Commissioners, the said Mr.

Wallis (as he was threatened) had underwent the b'caluy Usage, which they there call the Law of the Mint.

Mr. Walker said, that many Commissions of Bankrupt are taken out against Bankrupts, whole Effects have not answered the Charge of the Commission; and it's reasonably believed, four in five Commissions are taken out by the procurement of the Bankrupts themselves.

One Grevill, a Bankrupt, said, he was indebted to one Mr. Brand, in Lombard-street, in £.80, for securing where-ofhe left in his Hands the Leases of two Houses, worth £. 300, and gave him his Bond and Judgment, and 5 Procuration, and a Guinea per Month, whilst he had the Money; and having bought Ten Ton of Coffee, at £. 24. 7/. 6d. per Hundred, he was offered £. 200 for his Bargain; which he refilling, it proved afterwards worth £. 600, and, because he would not fell it. Brand took out a Commission of Bankrupt against him, and seized upon the Coffee, and kept it, till he brought to account but £.$o to the Commission; whereas, if the said Grevill might have disposed of his Bargain in a proper Time, he should have been able to have paid ics. per£. and, for want of Money, the Commission is delayed, and no Dividend yet made, but the Effects remain in their Hands; and they yet keep an Officer in his House, though the Money has been offered to be laid down.

That the last Money he could raise, was £. 4. is. which he paid for the last Sitting of the Commissioners; and Mr. Cole's Clerk (which Mr. Cole was acting Commissioner) told the said Grevill, if he expected any Fruit from the said Commission, he should have secreted £. 50 of his Effects, to have born the Expences thereof.

---

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Act, of the last Sessions, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Robert Davers, and Mr. Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

[Woollen, &c. Manufactures.]

The House (according to Order) took into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the continuing an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed.

Ordered, That the Clause, marked C, be withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, instead thereof.

And the same being twice read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

[Newfoundland Trade.]

A Petition of the Merchants of Bideford, concerned in the Importation of Salt, for the carrying on the Newfoundland Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Act of Parliament, obliging the Importers of Salt to pay down the great Duty thereon, within Six Months after Importation, has so discouraged all Traders from bringing any foreign Salt into the said Port, that the Petitioners are wholly incapacitated to supply their Ships with Salt for Newfoundland, inso much that of at least 40 Sail, employed in that Trade, they cannot now send above four or five small Vessels: And praying, that a longer Time, than Six Months, be allowed, for paying the said Duty upon Salt, for the better encouraging the Trade to Newfoundland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

[Ways and Means.]

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

5 Ann. 12* — 13* Februarii. 293

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

[Poor Relief.]

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

---

Pyle's

Ordered, That Sir John Mr. , Mr.

Eiiaie. Mr. Rowney, Mr. Pinnell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, and investing the surplus Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 5* Anns Regins, 1706.

Prayers.

Hockliffe IV /f R. Farrer (according "to Order) presented to the Road. AYA House, a Bill for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Woor borne, in the County of Bedford; and the same was received.

Supply Ship. An ingossed Bill for making the Ship Supply a free Ship, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for making the Ship Supply a free Ship.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

llocklifle A) Bill for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe Road. and Wooborne, in the County of Bedford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

pMulhing The House took into further Confederation the Report

Vagrants. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the late King William (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of an Act, made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, for the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual, was committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a dock in the Speaker's Chamber: And that Mr.

Burridge, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. , Mr. Kinafion, Lord P owlet t, Mr. Barker, be added to the said Committee.

Hyde's A Petition of Thomas Byde, of Ware Park, in the

JLit&te. County of Hertford, Esquire, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that by a Settlement, made upon the Petitioner's Father's Intermarriage, the Petitioner was intitled to an Estate in Tail Male, in Remainder, expectant upon the Death of Sir Thomas Byde, the Petitioner's Grandfather, of the Manor of Ware Park, and divers Tenements and Lands in Hert-fordshire, and of the Manor of Bengeo, settled on his Alother, after her Death, without any Manner of Re-ltraint, or Charge thereon, for railing Portions, or other Moneys, but that the Petitioner had, by the Settlement, an absolute Power to dispose of the said Premifies at his Pleasure; yet by an Act of Parliament, made in the 10th V01.IS.

Februarii. 293

Year of his late Majesty's Reign, the Petitioner, who was then an Infant, in Kindness to his Sifter Barbara Byde, did voluntarily submit to charge his laid Estates with the Payment of £. 3,000 for her Portion, whereof £. 1,000 was to be paid, with Interest, upon the Petitioner's purchasing in of his Mother's Jointure (which by the Act he was enabled to do) or upon her Death, and the other £. 2,000 and Interest, on the Death of his Grandfather: That, although the Petitioner hath no other than the so settled Estate, he finds, by the said Act, that he is wholly restrained, from doing any Act to bar, or prejudice, any of the Uses, or Remainders, limited by the said Settlement, without any Recompence to the Petitioner, for disabling himself to dispose of his said Estates, or so much as making any Provision to raise his Sifter's Portion, or any other Money whatsoever, save only £. 4,000 for younger Children, if he should have any:

That afterwards the Petitioner married, and had £.5,000 Portion; out of which he paid £. 1,000 to his Sifter, and with the rest he purchased in his Mother's Jointure, and settled it upon his Wife: That about two Years since Sir Tho. Byde died, and left the Estate, and the Mansion-house, wholly unfurnished, and very much out of Repair; so that the Petitioner has and must expend great Sums . of Money in necessary Repairs and Furniture; and his Sifter has brought a Bill in Chancery for the £. 2,000,

Residue of her Portion, which, if decreed, can be raised no otherways, than by sequestering the Rents of the Pe-tioner's Estate; whereby he will be deprived of Subsist-ance: That it is much doubted whether, if the Petitioner should have Daughters, or one only Daughter, the Provision in the said Act for younger Children is not defective: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Defect, and to repeal in part the restraining Clause in the said Act, and to enable the Petitioner, by Mortgage, or otherwise, to raise Moneys, to discharge his Sifter's Portion, and a reasonable Sum for the Petitioner's other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Monfo, Sir Tho. v Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sir Hen.

Lyddall, Mr. Hfgill, Lord Powlett, Sir Robert , Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pedley, Sir John Guise, Mr. Thornhagb, Colonel Whitchcott, Sir isaac Reboxv, Mr. Barker, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Strode, Mr. King,

Mr. Hicks, Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Poole, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Hard. Wefneys, Mr. Carey,

Mr. Clark, Mr. Wyld, and all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and all of the long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks, and Mr.

Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Felons — by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repeal- repealing ing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing, Felons, that piuflunent. commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Fees of Six into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Clerks of whom the Petition of the Six Clerks was referred. Chancery.

And the same was read, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Petitioners, the Six Clerks, by their Counsel alleged themselves to be the only Attorneys of the Court of Chancery; and that they, and their Predecessors, amongst other Fees and Perquisites, were intitled to the

4 E ancient

Fpps of Six C'leiks in Chancery.

294 130 Februani. A. 1700.

ancient Tcrmly Fee of 3/. 4 and that their Fees hare often been inquired into, and found reasonable.

To prove which, they produced an Act, made in the 31st Year of Hen. VIII. whereby their Predecessors, the Six Clerks, were incorporated; and also an Ordinance, of Michaelmas, 11® Car. I. wherein the Six Clerks are called the only Attorneys; as also several other ancient Preferments, Ordinances, and Orders, of that Court, for their Establishment; and particularly a Preferment in the 40 Year of Queen Eliz. by which the said Termly Fee of 3 s. and and the Fees of the small Writs, are presented, as the Six Clerks Fees; as aHo a Decree, made by. the Lord Keeper Bridgman, Amo 1668, was read; whereby it appeared, that the under Clerks, therein directed to be sworn, shall and may have, receive, detain, and keep, to their own IJfes, 1 s. and 4 d. out of every Termly Fee of 3 s. and and likewise a Share and Part of several other Fees, as is therein particularly mentioned, and a Moiety of all other Fees for all other Writs, usually dispatched by the Clerks in their Clients Causes; and the under Clerks respectively shall be accountable to the Six Clerks only for 2 s. of the Termly Fee of 3 s. and 4 J. and likewise for such Share of all other Fees, as therein is particularly mentioned: And it is expressed in the said Decree, that the under Clerks should duly account with, and pay to, the Six Clerks the residue of the Fees, in regard they abated much of what heretofore they used to receive.

That a Copy of another Presentment of Fees was produced, made in the Year 1689 to the House of Peers, and ligned by Mr. Derbyshire and Mr. Slater (then two of the Senior under Clerks) intituled, " The ancient " Fees of the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, " usually taken in the Six Clerks Office ;" wherein the said Termly Fee of 3 s.4 d. and the rest of the Fees, mentioned in the 40th of Eliz. are enumerated; and at the End of the said Presentment are these Words; " There hath been an Allowance out of the Fees abovementioned to the under Clerks, who dispatch the Bu-

finess of the Client in that Office; and by a Decree, " made by the late Lord Keeper Bridgman, and the then " Master of the Rolls, the 18th Day of June, in the " 20th Year of King Charles the 2d, the same are settled between the Six Clerks and the under Clerks, and have " been ever since observed.'*

By their Counsel they further insisted, that, time out of mind, they have had under Clerks under them, at such Allowances, as they thought fit.

To prove which,

Mr. Bladen produced two Papers, found in the Six Clerks Office, purporting to be two Petitions in the Year 1627, from some of the under Clerks to the then Six Clerks, for an Increase of their Allowance of 2 d. per Sheet to 3 d.which, upon due Examination of their Employments, the then Six Clerks granted: And further laid, that he had searched the Register Books, from the Year 1660 to this Time; and that he found great Numbers of Orders, made by the Court, for admitting Suitors in forma Pauperis; by all which the Six Clerks were appointed to be Attorneys, or Six Clerks, for such Paupers; and that he did not find any one Pauper Order directed to an under Clerk in all that Time: And the Register Books being produced, several of the said Orders were read, wherein the Six Clerks were stiled Attorneys.

By their Counsel they further insisted, that the Reason, why the Sixty Clerks became to be called fivorn Clerks, was from the Oath they were obliged to take, not to cmbezil, or deface, the Records of the Court; and that the Equivalent, given those under Clerks, in lieu of the Tenor of the Bill, taken away by the late Act of Parliament (for the Amendment of the Law) is become a Yery great Advantage; the Attorneys Fee, and all final! Writs, given them by way of Compensation, exceeds their Lois above Eleven hundred Pounds in every Six hundred Causes.

To prove which.

Mr. Jojlua Hinton said, that he had made a Search into the Records, hrought to him into the Six Clerks Hall, for the four Terms before Erin, last, and found Twelve hundred Eighty-six Bills filed, whereupon were 538

Dedimus's.

Mr. Samuel Ehroughton said, that he had made the like Search; and that what Mr. Hinton had declared, was true: But neither of them knew, or could say, that they were all the Records of those Terms.

Cha. Ehetford, Porter to the Six Clerks, said, he

carried the Bundles out of the Six Clerks Studies into their Dining Hall, in order to examine the Dedimus Caules: And being asked, whether those Bundles contained all the Records in those four Terms, said, he could not tell: And being further asked, whether he had not been frequently sent by the Six Clerks to their Studies, to deliver out Bills and Answers to thefworn Clerks, said, he had; and that he believed, many Answers of those Terms were in the Custocly of the fivorn Clerks at that time.

Mr. Wright, Attorney at Law, produced a printed Paper, importing a Calculation of the Six Clerks Lois, sustained from the Equivalent; from which he supposed, that the Compensation given to the sworn Clerks, does considerably exceed the Loss they sustained by taking away the Tenor of the Bill; but could not affirm the fame, otherwise, than from the said printed Paper.

Mr. Milner, one of the Petitioners, produced his Book of Entries; and said, that the Six Clerks made Entries of the Names of all Plaintiffs and Defendants in all the Bills and Answers, brought to them to be filed; and that they gave their Attendances in the Afternoons for that Purpose, and in the Mornings, in Term-time* at Westminster, to read the Pleadings of the Court there.

Then the sworn Clerks, by their Counsel, in answer to what had been offered by the Six Clerks, did admit, that the Six Clerks were ancient Officers, and that their Predecessors, at their pnmilive Institution, were Men of great Abilities and Judgment in the Practice thereof; but that now, and for many Years past, the Six Clerks have proved to be just contrary, whereby the Business, done by the Six Clerks anciently, is now devolved upon, and dispatched by the sworn Clerks; for the Performance whereof they are sworn into their Employments, and have settled Fees allowed them by the Court; and instead of receiving from, they pay to, the Six Clerks what Fees they receive by virtue of their Office; which, notwithstanding their Complaint, and though they do so small a Share (if any thing) towards the Performance of, and carrying on, the Proceedings of Causes in that Court, their Offices are worth to them, by the Receipt of the various Fees and Perquisites, they now enjoy,/.600 per Annum respectively, one with another.

To prove which,

Mr. Bez. Knight, Attorney at Law, produced a Decree of the Court of Chancery, in the Year 1663, for the regulating the Six Clerks Office, and settling and establishing the sworn Clerks, and all Fees to be paid in that Office: And further {kid, that he had been a Practitioner in that Court for 20 Years past, and always applied himself to some of the sworn Clerks, for the carrying on and dispatch of his Clients Causes; and always found, that they went through the fame, without the Six Clerks being any way concerned therein.

Mr. George Eduards, feniur, Deputy Register' of the Court of Chancery, proved* that the whole Course of Proceedings in that Office went through the Hands of the sworn Clerks; and that he did not apprehend, the Six Clerks to be any ways concerned therein, nor did they ever come to his Office, upon any Business of that Court; And said, that all Notices of Motions, and Orders, are given to the fivorn Clerks only; and that the Suitors are m all Cafes bound by the Consent of the fivorn Clerks.

Air. Nicholls, Barrister at Law, laid, that he came into

the said Office 26 Years ago, and was there bred up; and that it was the Practice of the Six Clerks then, for

18 tW9

5 Ann.

i 3° Febru

*95

two of them, in Term-time, to attend the Court at Westminster j and, upon their Return, they dine at their Hall, and in the Afternoons should give their Attendances in their Studies} but they so often omit their Duty therein, that many Causes have been ruined by their neglect of Attendance, because Recourse cannot be had to the Records in their Absence.

He further said, that formerly the Six Clerks were Men of that Ability, that the Court, upon Complaints of Irregularities in Practice, usually referred the same to the two senior Six Clerks, who used to hear them in the Hall, after Dinner, gratis; but, as those Abilities proved deficient in their Successors, the Court, for many Years pa ft, have fen t such References to Matters inChanceryj which is great Expence, and Delay, to the Suitor.

He said further, that, whilst tie was a Praftifer in the Court, he paid above £.1,500 in Fees to one of the Six Clerks, then present at the Committee j and appealed to him whether ever he knew the Merits of any one Caule: To which the Six Clerk made no Reply.

He also said, that in his Time he has often made out 50 Dedimus's in one Term; and the Equivalent of a

whole Year would not make good the Loss of that Term.

He said further, that he has had three or four Score Causes begin in one Term, and not three Hearings; and that, if one of the sworn Clerks die, a Writ ad faciendum Attornat' issues forth, before the Cause can proceed; but no such Writ, or any other, ever issues, when any of the Six Clerks die; and, upon issuing such Writ-, a new iworn Clerk is appointed, and the same Six Clerk remains.

He also laid, that, if a Defendant be brought, to the Bar by Habeas Corpus, for want of an Appearance, the Court directs a sworn Clerk to appear, and not a Six Clerk, though present in Court.

He further said, that the Six Clerks are named Attorneys of that Court in Pauper Causes, to indemnify the sworn Clerks from paying Fees to the Six Cleks in such Causes: and that he has applied himself with a great deal of Consideration of several other sworn Clerks Circumstances in Business, as well as the Experience of his own, in respect to the Recompence, given by the late Act, for the Amendment of the Law, to the sworn Clerks, in lieu of the Tenor of the Bill, thereby taken away; and does find, that their said Recompence falls Very short, in proportion to the Lois they have sustained thereby.

He said further, that, when he left his Business, he had owing to him, on his Book, about £.4,000 for Business done in the Office; and offered it to his late Six Clerk, then present, for £. 2,000, and would give him Seven Years to pay it.

And being asked, what was the present yearly Value of the Six Clerks Places; he said, at least£. 600. And being further asked, what was the Value of their Places before the late Act of Parliament; he said, he did not know, but they formerly might have been worth £.1,000 Annum.

Mr. Turner, Barrister at Law, brought up in the said Office ever since the Year 1665, and practised therein to the Year 1696, said, that he, being concerned in Town Causes, knows, that they amounted to about an 8th Part with the Country Causes; whereby he calculated that the Recompence, given to the sworn Clerks, by the small Writs, and Term Fee, falls very short of the Loss they have, in taking away the Tenor of the Bill; for that the Fees in Dedimus's, in his own Practice, usually amounted to £.100, and those of small Writs, and Term Fees, to not near so much.

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following:

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, the Six Clerks in Chancery, have not made good the Allegations of their said Petition.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Vol. 15.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That tire Petitionersy the Six Clerks in Chancery, have not made good the Allegations of their said Petition.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be dismissed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- Tolls o« cil, and Citizens, of the City of Car life, was presented to Scotch 5the House, and read; setting forth-, that the Petitioners CaUe* have, by ancient Grants, and Prescription, a Right so 'several Tolls and Customs upon Scotch Cattle and Goods, amounting to £. 140 per , or more, for which they pay a Fee-farm Rent, of £. 40 Annum, lo the Crown: That those Tolls are applied to repair the Guild-hall, Moot-hall, publick Buildings, Highways, and other Occasions of the said City, and Suburbs; and which'are a great Branch of their Revenues, and will be taken away by the intended Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland: And praying, that they may have such Relief in the Premises; as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and what the Value of the said Tolls ' and Customs now are; and to report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Colonel Stanwi Mr. Mr. Peyton, Mr. Skippon, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Call hr ope,

Mr. Aylmer,. Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. IVyMr. Walsh, Lord Powlett, Mr. Pultetiey, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Farrer, Sir

Rushout Cullen, Sir Tho.Liitlelon, Mr. Middleton, Sir Jof.

Jekyll, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Clayton, Mr. MonElon; and all for the Six Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocis, and Mr. Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nicoll'sDebt to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of to the Crown, the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Benjamin Nicoll, Citizen, and late Merchant, of £o»^o«, and his Securities, for the Debts by him owing to* her Majesty, without any Amendments.

And then, the Messengers withdrew.

A Bil to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the lnfportation Importing of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they.relate to such Lapes, was read a Second time. ace*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill for beautifying and preserving, the Square, Lincoln'*-called Lincolns Inn Great Fields, was read a Second time. jnn'I lel^‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jof. Jekyll,

Sir Hump. Mackworth, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Eyre, Mr.

MonElon, Mr. Masters, Lord Powl Sir Tho. Powys,

Lord Coningsby, Sir Wm. Gostwick, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Topham, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Neviil, Mr. Gervois, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.

Calthrop, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Skippon; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe; and all, that serve for London and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the further and better Relief, P°°r R*Ti*fc Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An

13° — 14 ° Feiruarii 1706.

Preservation of Game.

State of Trade.

lUcrmting the I^and Forces.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed ynto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to -be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 1. L. a8. To leave out,* thereof," and insert therefore

Pr. 8. L. 22. To leave out " Conditions," and insert " Condition."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed upon by the House i and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be. An Act for the further and better Relief, Employment, and Maintenance, of the Poor.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir William Strickland (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Committee do in the first place consider, how the Duties stand upon foreign or English Salt, imported, exported, or carried Coastwise.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do consider, how the Allowances stand in respect of all Sorts of Corn exported.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year 1707.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. , Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands thishonourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for securing the Church of as by Law

established:

An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing, Felons, that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses:

An Act for regulating, and ascertaining, the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers ot Coals into the Port and Borough of Great "Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Benjamin Nicoll, Citizen, and late Merchant, of London, and his Sureties, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty.

do insert therein the Act for the Security of the Church of England, as by Law established, and also the Act of the Parliament of Scotland, for securing the Protestant Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government: And that the Lord Marquis of Granby, Mr. Doddingtcn, Sir William Strickland, and Sir John Holland, be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 14* die Februarii;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

ABI LL to veil several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, in Robert Hitch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to exchange, and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Hustler, SiivWm. St. Quintin, Mr. Freke, Mr. Mondial, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mompe/fon, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. England, Lord Fairfax, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr. S cob ell,

Mr. Booth, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir Rich,

Mx.Thornhagh, Sir Harvey Elwes, Mr. Barker, Mr. Wyld; and all, that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the

Proprietors thereof; and that Mr. Bromley and Mr. Cocks do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, ro whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of John Weedon, Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the uses of his Father's voluntary Settlements, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Yoke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for removing feme Obstructions in the Sale of the Manor or Lordship of Rawmere, and other Estate of Sir Thomas May, Knight, in the County of SuJ/ex, and to enable him, and his Trustees, to sell and dispose of the said Manor, and Premisses, for Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Hitch*

Estate.

Droitwich Suit Spring*.

Weeduu's

Estate.

May's Estate.

Union with Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, A Bill for making the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free pfince Ship, fctuiluid. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, Ship, was read a Second time.

f , upon the Resolutions of the House, relating to the Union Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tha. of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, That they Littleton, Sir Robert Eden, Sir , Mr. Bromley,

Sir

5 Ann. 14° — i 50 Februarit. 297

Sir Robert Corbett, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Manley, Sir Fra. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Masham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Roger Morning.

Hill, Mr. Squire, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Barker, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dowdf- directed to move, that they may have Leave to fit well. Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Plymptree, again.

Lord Windsor, Mr. Worthy: And they are to meet this That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, In the Speaker's Chamber; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for cords. railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Clark's Mr. Hern reported from the Committee, to whom Mate. the Bill to enable Thomas Clark, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in London, to Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys, Knight, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Woollen, &c. The House (according to Order) resumed the further Manufac- Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to mre*. whom the Bill for the continuing an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Ful-tian. Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed.

And the Clause, offered on Wednesday last, was agreed unto by the House.

Clause D, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned; Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 15° die Februarii;

Anno 5° Annas Regina?, 1706.

Prayers.

Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County Palatine of Durham, in the room of Sir William Botves, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Sale of who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill Offices, and for preventing the Sale of Offices, and Delays, and ^'^tI0US regulating the Fees, in the Courts of Law and Equity, that they do bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleetwood have Leave to withdraw ivfton

his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

Escapes out An ingossed Bill for rendering more effectual the ^Queen's Act, passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen s Bench and Fleet Prison, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual the Act, passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Ordered, That Mr. King do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Elfon'a A Bill to enable the Trustees of William an

Mate. Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his

Father's Debts on Specialties, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Toke, Sir Francis Masham, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bromley, Sir Richard Vivian, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Palmes, Mr. MonUon, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Annejley, Sir. Hen. Colt, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Barker, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Plump-tree, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Windsor, Brigadier Farrington \ and all, that lerve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways The House (according to Order) resolved itself into od Means. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to.her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 15.

Mr. Toke (according to Order) presented to the House, Regulating a Bill for the regulating of Servants, and paying their Servants. Wages; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was preservation read a Second time. of Game.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Strickland, Mr. Polex/en, Mr. Plumptree, Lord Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. MonUon, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Jessop, Sir Hen. Lyddell, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Peyton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Ireton, Sir John brey. Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Skippon, Sir Harvey Elwes, Sir Jeffry Jeffreys, Mr. Tates, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Nevill, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Harvey,

Sir Wm. Phippard, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wol-laflon, Mr. Strode, Mr. Masters, Sir Jo/. Jeky/l, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Digby, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Mompeffon:

And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Bounds of That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to determine the Forests and Bounds of Pursues in Forests and Chafes, since the Reign of King Edward the First;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Tho. Grebell, Merchant, and John Skin-. Importing ner, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and Bourdeaux read; setting forth, that the Ship Katherine, of Amfter- ^ine* dam, bound thither from Bourdeux, in November last, became shipwrecked on the Coastof Sussex, and (he, and all her Cargo loft, except about 40 Tons of WhiteWine, which coll the Petitioners above £. 150 Salvage; which is more than the prime Cost, or what the Proprietors Value them at, and therefore refuse to pay the same:

That the Wines are daily perishing, and will not bear

4 F the

15° — 17* Februarii. . 1706.

the Charge of Exportation, but in a short time will be worth nothing; whereby the Queen will lose the Duty, and the Petitioners their Salvage, unless the Wines be speedily disposed of; which cannot be done, unless they be admitted to an Entry as Portugal Wine, and to pay Custom as such: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Ways Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the

*iul Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty,a Fund be provided, for securingan Interest, not exceeding Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, for One million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, to be circulated in Exchequer Bills, redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year's Notice, and to be Specie Bills upon their firfb issuing.

' The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and to continue lo, during their Currency."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Fund be provided, for securing an Interest, not exceeding Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent, per Annum, for One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, to be circulated in Exchequer Bihs, redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year's Notice, and to be Specie Bills upon their first issuing, and to continue so, during their Currency.

Stat*of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

; irade; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of

the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whqle House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Expiring Ordered, That Mr. Strode, and Mr. Serjeant Corny ns,

Laws. be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring.

Byde's Ordered, That Mr. P, and Colonel King, be added

Estate. to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas, Byde, Esquire, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

L uiue, I yFebruarii;

Anno 5* Annas Regime, 1706.

Prayers.

Eiiat* \ IO N of John Byde, Esquire, was presented 4 D\. to the House, and read; letting forth, that

Byde, Esquire, hath lately petitioned the House for

Leave to bring in a Bill to amend a Defect in an Act of the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, relating,

to the said Tho. Byde, and to repeal (in part) the restraining Clause therein, to enable him, by Mortgage, or otherwise, to raile Moneys, to discharge his Sifter's Portion, and a reasonable Sum, for his other necessary Occasions: That the Consideration of the said Petition is referred to a Committee; and the now Petitioner is concerned in Interest in the Estate mentioned in the said Tho. Byde's Petition: And praying to be heard by Coun-fel before the said Committee, touching the Macters in the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard before them by his Counsel, if he think fit.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regulating the better regulating the nightly Watch, is committed, have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records. utc '*

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Birmingham, in the Birmingham County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and Church, read; setting forth, that the said Town is very populous, and has but one Church, scarce sufficier.t for a 5th part of the People, and but one Church-yard, so small, that they cannot bury their Dead, without great Indecencies on the buried there: That they have raised a considerable Sum by Subscriptions, towards building a Church, and Parsonage House; and IVm. Ing, Esquire, freely oilers a Piece of Ground, very convenient for those Purposes:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Parish Church, and Parsonr.ge House, and making a new Church-yard, and a new Parish, at Birmingham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Serjeant Girdler, and Mr. Gwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for repairing the Highway between Ho cl: life flockliffe

and Wooburne, in the County of Bedford,-was read a Road. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer,

Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Dryden, Sir Win.

Goflwick, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Charnock, Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Pocklington, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Mr, Wilson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Dyott,

Colonel Lee, Sir Hen. Goff, Sir W Forester, Mr. Bui-

teele, Lord Powlett, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Bridges, Sir Fran. Maffam, Sir John WoolJlenholme, Serjeant Girdler,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Clark, Sir Rufhout Cullen, Mr,

Coke, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bromley; and all, that serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Fork,

Northampton, Bedford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Pye's Estate,

House, a Bill to enable Henry Pye, Esquire, to make a Jointure; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bromley (according to the Order) presented to the Droitwich House, a Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Salt Sprin-s. Springs in Droitwich, in the County of IVireefier, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord William Powlett (according lo Order) pre- Regulating fented to the House, a Bill to regulate the Six Clerks Six Clerks Office, and for the better keeping the Records there; 0lTiee> and the same was received.

Ordered, That *he Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

The

t

5 A nn. 17° — 18® Februarit.

Way* The House (according to Order) resolved itself into and Mean*. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 18° die;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

Tettcnhall A PETITION of the Lords, Tenants, Freeholders, Miniiieis fl and all other the Inhabitants, of the Parish o{ fetus euauce. tenhall, in the County of , was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that is a

large Parish, has a large Collegiate Church, which in Edward the 6th's time was endowed with £. 500 per Annum, but fold away, and only a Grant left, of 20 Marks per Annum, for a preaching Minister; which being so small a Living, they cannot get any Person of Learning, and sufficient Abilities, for l'uch a Cure, and, for want of a House, to reside amongst them: That, to encourage a Minister to reside in the said Parish, the Inhabitants, having a Parcel of Common Ground, of about 50 Acres, called have unanimously

agreed to inclose it, and settle it for ever, as an Augmentation for a Minister's Support, and allb to provide a House for him; but are advised, the same cannot be Well settled, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Common, for an Augmentation of the Minister's Support there, and also for providing a House for him to live in.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Hen. Gough and Mr. Dyoit do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

Rich'* Mr. Nevi/l reported from the Committee, to whom Charities. gjj yor vesting jn Trustees certain Messuages, and Lands of Inheritance, in the County of Berks, of the Value of£.2,cco, for such charitable Uses, as are mentioned in and by the lait Will and Tefiament of Dame Elizabeth Rich, Widow, deceased, and for discharging other Lands, in the County of of and from the lame, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vat. 15.

An ingrossed Bill for removing some Obstructions iti May's Ertate. the Sale of the Manor or Lordship of Rave mere, and other Ellate of Sir Tho. May, Knight, in the County of Sussex, and to enable him, and his Trustees, to sell and dispose of the said Manor, and Premisses, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for removing some Obstructions in the Sale of the Manor or Lordship of Rawmere, and other Ellate of Sir

sho. May, Knight, in the County of «S7^w, and to enable him, and his Trustees, to sell and dispose of the said Manor, and Premisses, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. soke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Whitwrong (according to Order) presented to FornliiU

the House, a Bill for repairing the Highway between Road. Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved," the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Packington (according to Order) presented to Ilarr!*'

the House, a Bill for the Relief of Katherine Harris , and ^1!utCv

the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, late Receiver Rich's Debt General for the County of Essex, was presented to the to the Crown. House, and read; setting forth, that he, and his Father, were Receivers General lor Fffex, from 1689 until 1703 j during which Time, they paid into the Exchequer £.1,086,523. 3J. 4 \d.but by Lofics on Alteration of the Coin, and other Accidents, they became in Arrear to the Crown, and the Petitioner's real and personal Ellate extended, and himself imprisoned; whereby, and by raising £.1,000 upon a Copyhold Ellate of his Wife's (not extendible) he has advanced considerable Sums; and yet there remains £. 3,419. 9-f. 7 due to her Majesty, which he is utterly unable to satisfy: That one of his Sureties is dead insolvent, and the other Two are willing to pay their Proportions; and the Petitioner hopes, by the Assistance of Relations, to discharge a further Part of the said Debt, if he may be admitted to a Composition; otherwise he mull perish in Prison:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioner, for the Debt by him owing to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Francis Maffan, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Fleming,

Mr. Coatsworth, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr Mr. Wyld,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Baljh, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Barker, Mr,

Ireton, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Walter Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cope, Mr. Kendall, Sir Tho.

Webjler, Mr. Ash, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Fitch, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Coningsby (according to Order) presented to Building the House, a Bill for making the Acts tnore effectual, for Churches in appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland, for Jrc*!U*'^ the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages, there; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in Woollen, &c. the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more Manufac-cfieftual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, tures-employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen,

Fustian,

i8° Februarii

Union with Scotland — Elt&ion of Peers and Members*

A. 1706.

Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An mgrossed Clause was offered as a Ryder, That the Act shall not extend to suffer any Person to travel with, or fell, Goods without Licence, except the real Makers thereof.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Skuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that her Majesty having received from Scotland an Extract of an Act, settling the Manner of electing the Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Members, to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain, (he had commanded him to lay the same before this House.

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table} where the same was read, and is as followeth j viz.

Act, settling the Manner of electing the Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Members, to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain.

AT Edinburgh, the fifth Day of February, 1707 Years.

Our sovereign Lady considering, that by the 22d Article of the Treaty of Union, as the same is ratified by an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament upon the 16th of January last, it is provided, that, by virtue of the said Treaty, of the Peers of Scotland at the Time of the Union Sixteen shall be the Number, to fit and vote in the House of Lords, and Forty-five the Number of the Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons, of the Parliament of Great Britain; and that the said Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Members in the House of Commons, be named, and chosen, in such Manner, as by a subsequent Act, in this present Session of Parliament in Scotland, should be settled, which Act is thereby declared to be also valid, as if it were a Part of, and ingrossed in, the said Treaty: Therefore her Majesty, with Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, statutes, enacts, and ordains, that the said Sixteen Peers, who shall have Right to fit in the House of Peers of the Parliament of Great Britain, on the Part of Scotland, by virtue of this Treaty, shall be named by the said Peers of Scotland, whom they represent, their Heirs or Successors to their Dignities and Honours, out of their own Number, and that by open Election, and Plurality of Voices, of the Peers present, and of the Proxies for such, as shall be absent, the said Proxies being Peers, and producing a Mandate in Writing, duly signed before Witnesses, and both the Constituent, and Proxy, being qualified according to Law; declaring also, that such Peers, as are absent, being qualified, as aforesaid, may send to all such Meetings Lists of the Peers, whom they judge fittest, validly signed by the said absent Peers, which shall be reckoned in the same Manner, as if the Parties had been present, and given in the said Lift; and, in case of the Death, or legal Incapacity, of any of the said Sixteen Peers, that the aforesaid Peers of Scotland shall nominate another of their own Number in place of the said Peer or Peers, in Manner before and after mentioned: And that of the said Forty-five Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons, in the Parliament of Great Britain, Thirty shall be chosen by the Shires, or Steuartries, and Fifteen by the Royal Burrows, as follows; viz. One for every Shire, and Steuartry, excepting the Shires of Bute and Cathness, which shall choife one by Turns, Bute having the First Election; the Shires of Nairn and Cromarty, which shall also choife by Turns, Nairn having the First Election; and in like Manner the Shires of -

*5

manan and Kinross shall choife by Turns, Clackmanatt having the First Election; and, in case of the Death, or legal Incapacity, of any of the said Members from the respective Shires, or Steuartries, above-mentioned, to fit in the House of Commons, it is enacted and ordained, that the Shire, or Steuartry, who elected the said Member, shall elect another Member in his Place: And that the said Fifteen Representatives for the Royal Burrows be chosen as follows; viz. That the Toun of Edinburgh shall have Right to elect, and fend, one Member to the Parliament of Great Britain; and that each of the other Burghs shall elect a Commissioner in the same Manner, as they are now in use to elect Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland-, which Commissioners, and Burghs (Edinburgh excepted) being divided in Fourteen Gaffes, or Districts, shall meet at such Time, and Burghs, within their respective Districts, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall appoint, and elect one for each District; viz. The Burghs of Kirkwall, Week, Domock, Dingwall, and Taine, one; the Burghs of Nairn, and Forrefs, one; the Burghs of Elgin, Cullen,

Banff, Inverury, and Kintore, one; the Burghs of Aberdeen, lnverbervy., Montrose, Aberbrothock, and Brochine, one; the Burghs of Forfar, , Dundee, and St. Andrews, one; the Burghs of Craill, Kilreunie,

Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, and one; the Burghs of Dyfart, Kirkaldie, and

Bruntisland, one; the Burghs of lnnerkithen, Dunfermline, Queensferry, Culrefs, and Sterling, one; the

Burghs of Glasgow, Renfrew, Ruglen, and Dumbarton, one; the Burghs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, one; the Burghs of Selkirk, Peebles, Linlithgow, and one; the Burghs

of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, Lochmaben, and Kirkcudbright, one; the Burghs of Wigtoun, New Galloway, Stranraver, and Whitehern, one; and the Burghs of Air, Irvin, Rotbefay, Campbletoun, and Inverary, one. And it is hereby declared, and ordained, that, where the Votes of the Commissioners for the said Burghs, met to choife Representatives from their several Districts to the Parliament of Great Britain, shall be equal, in that same the President of the Meeting shall have a calling or decisive Vote, and that by and attour his Vote, as a Commissioner from the Burgh, from which he is sent; the Commissioner from the eldest Burgh presiding in the first Meeting, and the Commissioners from the other Burghs, in their respective Districts, presiding afterwards, by Turns, in the Order, as the said Burghs are now called in the Rolls of the Parliament of Scotland; And in case that any of the said fifteen Commissioners from Burghs shall decease, or become legally incapable to fit in the House of Commons, then the Town of Edinburgh, or the District, which choifed the said Member, shall elect a Member in his or their Place. It is always hereby expressly provided, and declared, that none shall be capable to elect, or be elected, for any of the said Estates, but such, as are Twenty-one Years of Age compleat, and Protestant, excluding all Papists, or such, who, being suspect of Popery, and required, refuse to swear and subscribe the Formula, contained in the third Act, made in the 8th and 9th Session of King William's Parliament, intituled, " Act for preventing the Growth of PoperyAnd also declaring, that none shall be capable to elect, or be elected, to represent a Shire, or Burgh, in the Parliament of Great Britain, for this Part of the united Kingdom, except such, as are now capable, by the Laws of this Kingdom, to elect, or be elected as, Commissioners for Shires, or Burghs, to the Parliament of Scotland. And, further, her Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, for the' effectual and orderly Election of the Persons, to be chosen to fit, vote, and serve, in the respective Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, when her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall declare her or their Pleasure for holding the first, or any subsequent, Parliament of Great Britain, and when, for that Effect, a Writ shall be issued out under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom,

directed

Ann.

i 8° Eebruarii

301

directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, conform to the said Twenty-second Article, ffcatutes, enacts, and ordains, that, until the Parliament of -Great Britain shall make ifurther Provision 'therein, the said Wirit shall contain a Warrand and Command 10 the said 'Privy Council, to issue out a Proclamation, in her Majesty's Name, requiring tire Peers of Scotland, for the Time, to meet and assemble at such Time and Place within Scotland, as her Majesty, and royal Successors, <shall think tfit, to make Election of the said Sixteen Peers; and requiring the Lord Clerk Register, or two of the.Clerks of Session, to attend all such Meetings, and to administer the Oaths, that are, or shall be, by Law required, and to alk the Votes ;and having made up the Lifts, in Presence of the Meeting, to return ithe Names of :the Sixteen -PeeFS chosen (certified under the Subscription of the said Lord Clerk Register, Clerk or Clerks of Session, attending) to the Clerk of the Privy Council of; andfick-

lyke requiring and ordaining the several Freeholders, in the respective Shires, and Steuartries, to meet and convene at the head Burghs of their several Shires, and Steuartries, to elect 'their -Commissioners, conform -to the Order above set down; and ordaining the Clerks of the said Meetings, immediately after the said Elections are over, respectively, to return the Names of the Persons elected to the Clerks of the Privy Council; and lastly ordaining the City of Edinburgh to elect their Commissioner, and'tire other royal Burrowsto el eft each of them a Commissioner, as they have been in use to elect Commissioners to the Parliament, and to fend the said respective Commissioners at such Times to such Burghs, within their respective Districts, as her Majesty, and Successors, by such Prolcamation shall appoint; requiring and ordaining the common Clerk of the respective Burghs, where such Elect ion shall be appointed to be made, to attend the said Meetings, and, immediately after the Election, to return the Name of the Person so elected (certified under his'Hand) to the Clerk of Privy Council; to the End that the'Namesof the Sixteen Peers, thirty Commissioners for Shires, and fifteen Commissioners for Burghs, being so returned to the Privy Council, may be returned to the Court, from whence the Writ did issue under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, conform to the said Twenty-feeond Article. < And whereas by the said Twentydecond Article it is agreed, that, if her Majesty shall, on or before the firstDay of May next, declare, That it is expedient, the Lords and Commons of: the.present Parliament of England thou Id be the Members of the . respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the iPart of England, they shall accordingly be the Members of the said respective Haufes, for and on the Part of England; her Majesty, with Advice and Consent foresaid, in that Cafe, only, doth, hereby istatute and ordain. That the Sixteen Peers, iand : Forty-five Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, who shall be chosen by the Peers, Barons, and Burghs, respectively, in this present Session of Parliament, and out of the Members thereof, in the same Manner, asi Committees of Parliament are usually now chosen, shall be the Members of the respective Houses of the said first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of Scotland;: which Nomination, and Election, being certified by a Writ under the Lord Clerk Register's Hand, the Persons, so nominated, and elected,.shall have Right toifit and, vote in the House of Lords, and in the House of Commons, of the first Parliament of Great Britain.

The Act of Parliament, written on this and- the foregoing five Pages, is extracted from the Records of Parliament, and each of the said Pages aresigned by me. Sir James Murray, of one of

the Senators of the College of Justice, Clerk to the Parliament, and to her Majesty's 1 Councils, Registers, and Rolls.

Ja. Murray,. Cl's Reg.

Vo L. 1

o.

Ordered, That the Aid Act do lie upon ithe Table, to be perused by the Members of this iHttufe.

Ordered, That the said Act be printed.

A Petition of John Higgons, Gentleman, and Higgons' his Wife, formerly Alice.C^Jar, Widow, for themselves, 9,an.n on. and on the behalf of her four Children, viz. Irene, ^Chatham Margaret, Mary, and Alice Ca/ar, Spinsters, was pre- Dock, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Year 1691 the Petitioner Alice, and her Children, petitioned their late Majesties King William apd Queen Mary, setting forth their Title to three Acres of Land,

Part of Chatham'Dock, built on for the Service of the

Publick, without any Satisfaction to the Petitipners:

That in a Cause in the Exchequer the Petitioners fully proved their Title to the Premisses, and the Boundaries thereof j and, upon.further Application to-King William, he referred the Matter to the Lords of the Admiralty, to consult the Commissioners of the Navy, to the Attorney-General, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they to the Surveyor General; who in their several Reports fully stated the Petitioners Title to the Rrepiifles, and gave their Opinions, that they ought to have reasonable Satisfaction for their Title, upon, their conveying to the Crown: That the Petitioners have made all due Application to -the now Lord Treafprpr, but have not yet received any Satisfaction for their said Estate, which is their foie Fortunes: And praying the <Consideration of the House in this their Cafe, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the , Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) presented to tire Union with House, a Bill for an Union between the t^ro.Kingdoms Scoland-of England and Scotland; and the feme was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed, to a Bill, intituled, An Act Mead'* for Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Ki'tate., Knight and Baronet, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering Escapevput more effectual an Act, passed in the first Year of her Qijeen'* Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the bet ter. pre- Bench' &c' venting Escapes put of the Queen's Bench and «Fleet Prisons, without any, Amendments:

And also to, the Bill, intituled, An.-Act for naturahjiM Enden'8 Nat* 'Philip Merchantywithout^yAfPendfnept.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for, an Union between, the , two ;Kingdfln)s of Union with England and Scotland, was read the-Fifft time. Scotland.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read ,a Second tipne.

Ordered, That the Bill be, read, a Second -feme upon 'Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow, Morning, Importing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ho.use, upon foreign the Bill to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the , Importation Lac*' of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they relate to such Laces.

Resolved, That this House wilU. upon /ri^jy Morn- Recruiting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of, the whole Land House, upon the - Bill for the better recr, uiting her Forfe* Majesty's Land Forces, and the' Marines, for the Year 1707.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- State of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, toconsider further of the Trade of this JCingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. ‘Thornhagh, 'Mr. Mr. Punching

Sacheverall, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. ,' Mr.-Dig by, Vagrant*.

Mr.. Clayton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Farrer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Con-

4 G tinuance

Preservation of Game.

Rich'*

Charities.

Baines*

Eftatt.

Clark'#

Estate.

Wee don's Estate.

302

18° — x 90 Februarii. A. 1706.

tinuance of the Acts, made for the Punishment of Vagrants, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurity 19° di Februarii;

Anno 5* Annae Regina, 1706.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Poulterers of on behalf of

themselves, and the rest of the Corporation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Preservation of the Game, which (as it now Hands) will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners Trade: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, what they have no offer against the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is commiteed; It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for vetting in Trustees certain Messuages, and Lands of Inheritance, in the County of Berks, of the Value of £. 2,000, for such charitable Uses, as are mentioned in the last Will of Dame Widow, deceased, and for discharging other Lands, in the County of Worcester, from the lame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for discharging several Lands, in the County of Worcester, from the Sum of Two thousand Pounds,

given by the Will of Dame Elizabeth Rich, Widow, deceased, for charitable Uses, and charging the same upon other Lands in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Nevil I do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rectifying the Mistake and supplying the Defects, in an Act, passed in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 2. L. 15. to leave out " a Judgment," and, instead thereof, to insert " Judgments."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon, of Sotilderne, in the County of Oxon, Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to his younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's voluntary Settlements.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of stiepnard'*

Cannings and Roivde, and of the Borough of Devizes, Shoaid. See. in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, R»ad*. and read; setting forth, that the Highway between Sheppard's Sboard and the Devises, leading through the Partih of Bishops Cannings, about three Miles in length, being Part of the Road from London to Trowbride and Bradford, through the said Borough, and also the Highway between the Top of Ashlington Hill and Roivde Ford, being about three Miles and an half, being the Road between Andover, Wine heft er, and , through the said Borough, are so ruinous, and out of repair, that 'tis dangerous, for all travelling that way; and that the ordinary Course, appointed by the Laws, is not sufficient to repair the fame, nor are the Inhabitants of the said Parishes able to do it: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing tue Highways, leading through the said Parishes of Bishops Cannings and Rowde, by Tolls, or otherwise, as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Fra. Child and Mr. Dison do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Moor (according to Order) presented to the Punishing House, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3d anil

and 4th Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act e erUo*' for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee importing of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the foreign Acts prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, L»ces-made of Thread, so far as they relate to such Laces, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause,

That the Lace-makers, who have Places assigned them, for felling their Laces, may be freed from the Disturbance of Informers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Clark, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in London, to Sir Jeffrey Jeffries, Knight, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable 'Thomas Clark, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in London, to Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys, Knight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hern do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon, of Souldern, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, and for let-tling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's voluntary Settlement, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Six Clerks RegUiatina Office, and for the better keeping the Records there, be Six Clerk* read Tomorrow Morning. Office.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Ways whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- 811,1 Means, therof Ways and Means for raising of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

lft. Resolved, That it is the Opinion ot this Committee, That the Duties on Houses, which by an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's lleign, (intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and pruerving the publick Credit) are already granted, to continue until the first Day of August, 1710, shall be further continued,

from

5 Ann.

19° — -20° Februarii.

303

from the last Day of July, Heirs and Successors, and

1710, to her Majesty, her from the said last Day of

July, 1710, shall be charged and chargeable with the yearly Fund, after the Rate of £.4. 10 'Centum per Annum, to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for circulating Exchequer Bills; and that the said Fund, and Duties, be redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year's Notice.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Houses, to arise by the said Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, afrer all the Principal and Interest, thereby charged thereupon, shall be satisfied, be applied for or towards the Payments, which at or before the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, 1710, shall be grown due upon the said Fund, after the rate of £. 4. ioj. perCent. per Annum, redeemable, as aforesaid.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Churches in Ireland.

JoviS, 20° did Februarii;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A BILL for making the Acts more effectual, for Buildins: appropriating the 'forfeited Appropriations in Ireland for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages, there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3d and punching 4th Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and Oeiertion. for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better regulating Servants, and paying

That for so much, as shall be necessary quarterly, to wit, their Wages, was read a Second time

on every one of the four usual quarterly Feast Days of the Year, from the first issuing of the said Exchequer Bills, until and for the Quarter to end at , 1710, to pay, or make up, lo much, as upon every such Quarter Day shall be due, after the rate of £. 4. ioj. per Cent, per Annum, for circulating the said Exchequer Bills, there be issued more Exchequer Bills (over and above the said £. 1,500,000) to be chargeable on the House Money, with the like Allowance for Circulation, and to be also redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year's Notice, in like Manner, as aforesaid.

The first and (econd Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That for so much, as shall be necessary Quarterly, to wit, on every one of the four usual Quarterly Feast Days of the Year, from the first issuing of the said Exchequer Bills, until

Regulating

Servants.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Afill, Mr. , Mr. Harley,

Mr. Bromley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Peyton, Sir IVm.

Huftler, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Parker, Mr. Ire/on, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Walter Tong, Mr. Mon Bon, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Molsworth, Mr. Coatsworth-, and all

the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed from the Committee, to Regulating, whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly nightly Watch, is committed, that one Mr. Joseph Billers, of "atch‘ the City of London, hath been at great Expences, and Hazard, in detesting, and bringing to Justice, several Burglars, and other Criminals, and hath several Papers to lay before the Committee, relating the reunto;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that the said Committee do receive the said Papers, and make their Report, with their Opinion

and for the Quarter to end at Michaelmas, 1710, to pay,

or make up, so much, as upon every such Quarter Day thereupon, to the House.

shall bs due, after the rate of £.4. 10 s.per Cent, per Annum, for circulating the said Exchequer Bills, there Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom be issued more Exchequer Bills (over and above the said the Bill for repairing the Highway between Hcck/ije and £ 1,500,00°) to be chargeable on the House Money, in the County of was commuted-, that

with the like Allowance for Circulation, and to be also they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which redeemable by Parliament, upon a Year's Notice, in like they had directed him to report to the House: Which Manner, as aforesaid;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noesj^J; C*t";

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and the Resolution of the fifteenth Instant, for a Fund for Exchequer Bills, to be circulated; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hocklifle

Road.

he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon,) 1-26. Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the i House.

J

72.

Ways

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fo. L to iniert the Word " Clay."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of the late King

Punishing

Vagrants.

and Weans, the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means William (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of

for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 15.

an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the continuing the said former Act, and making it more effectual, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to give the like Power to the Justices in their Quarter Sessions, in case of Appeals from the Constables Rates, as they have in Cafes of Appeals from the Poor's Rate.

A Bill to regulate the Six Clerks Office, and for the Regulating better keeping the Records there, was (according to Six Clerk's Order) read the First time; and, being drawn beyond the Order of the House, it was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr.

Office.

3°4

20°- — 21" Februarii. A. 1706.

Duties on Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Dutch Linsn. ^|QU^ thtU the Envoy of the States General having presented to her Majesty a Memorial, relating to the Duties, laid upon Dutch Linen, and some other Commodities j that Matter, by Direction of her Majesty, hath been under the Consideration of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, and also of the Commissioners of the Customsj and they having made their Reports thereupon, her Majesty had commanded, that the lame, containing a State of that Matter, be laid before the House.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole 'House, who are to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ways Mr. Conyerf (according to Order) reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raiifing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding^. 1,120,000, be raised by Sale of Annuities for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to commence from Lady-day, 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Impositions, granted by an Act of Parliament, of the 4th Year of their late Majesties King William and Queen Ma, of glorious Memory (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for prosecuting the present War again!! France) and which by an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit) are already to continue until the first Day of , 1710, shall be further continued, from the last Day of July, 1710, for the Term of Ninety-six Years from thence next and immediately ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rates and Duties, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, for four Years, towards carrying on the War again!! France) and which by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, are already granted to continue till the first Day of , 1710, shall be further continued, from the last Day of 1710, for the Term of 96 Years from thence next and immediately ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Impositions on Goods and Merchandizes, and the said Rates and Duties upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, to be granted, as aforesaid, when the same shall respectively commence, be appropriated and applied to make good the Fund for Payment of the said Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pound, be raised by Sale of Annuities, as aforesaid, to discharge the two first quarterly Payments, to grow due on the 24 th Day of June, and the 29th Day of next, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Impositions on Goods and Merchandizes, and the said Rates and Duties upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, to arise by virtue of the said Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, (after all the Principal and Interest, thereby charged thereon, shall be paid and satisfied) be applied towards

satisfying the quarterly Payments, which at or before the Feast of Saint Michael, the Archangel, 1710, shall be grown due, and unsatisfied, for the said Annuities, to be purchased as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, That, for completing all the Moneys, which shall grow due, for the quarterly Payments of the said Annuities, at, or at any Time or Times before, the said Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, 1710, so much as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, be taken, and applied, out of the overplus Moneys, which shall arise from Time to Time by the Funds, formerly settled for the Payment of Annuities, granted before this Session of Parliament, the said overplus Moneys being such, as are disposable for the publick Service by the several Acts of Parliament relating the reunto.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Duties on lay before this House, an Account of What the Dutres, NavalStorcs, upon a Medium for three Years last, do amount unto for c' the additional Impositions upon all Naval Stores, Dying Goods, French Wines, and Brandies, granted by an Act, in the 4th Year of the Reign of their late MajestiesKrng William and Queen Mary, and continued by an Act, of the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for an Union between the two Union with Kingdoms of England and Scotland, be read a Second Scotland, time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning State of (after the reading the Bill for an Union between the two Trade. Kingdoms of England and Scotland) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Venerisy 21* die Februarii;

Anno 50 Annae Regina, 1706.

Prayers.

/~\RD E RED, That Mr. George Rodney Bridges have Leave of Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Absenc*. Occasions.

A Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs Droitwich in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights Salt Spring', of the Proprietors thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Windsor, Sir John Packington, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Foley,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Medlicott, Lord Couingsby, Mr.

Musgrave, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Strangezvayes, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Bilson, Mr. Masters,

Mr. Wild, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Top ham, Mr.

Mr. Lawton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.

Mr. MonSlon, Mr. Toke, Mr. Pinned, Mr. Hampden,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Wolafton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Ogle, Sir Hen. Coll, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Mr.

Verney, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Squire, Mr.

Calthrope, Mr. Fofter, Mr. Coke, Mr. Popliam, Sir Jof.

Jekyll, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shackerl'ey, Mr.

Mr. Aijlaby; and all, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber;

5 ANN;

2i° Februarii.

SOS

Pye's rfta>.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Yarn* imported, pay Custom 7 s. Hundred and Records. Weight, but upon Exportation draw back 8

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, C. Weight: That all Cordage, made in England., pays, to whom the Bill is committed, that they have Power to on Exportation, Six-pence per C. Weight, but, with receive a Clause, lor Preservation of the Corporation of the Duty upon Hemp included, it pays 2 s. 10 per Droilzvich. Hundred Weight more than foreign Cordage; which

is 16 s. 8 Ton lols to her Majesty in the A Bill to enable Henry Eye, Esquire, to make a Join- Cadorns, beside £. 6. per Ton loss to the Nation in the ture, was read a Second time. manufacturing thereof, as well as an apparent Detriment

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, to Navigation, for that one Ton of Hemp takes up the Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Con- Stowage of two Tons of Cordage; so that, in a great

yers, Serjeant Byrch, Sir Hum. Kir. Vaughan,

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

Balhirjl, Mr. Vernon, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Mtifgrave, Mr. Worthy, Sir Colt, Mr. Tho,

Sir IVm. Robin/on, Mr. Lowther Mr. Peyton, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Hicks, Mr Owen; and all, that serve for the Counties of Berks, Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Degree, that Trade is lod to this Nation, and Encouragement given to foreign Countries to manufacture the fame, who often work of damaged Hemp; by which 'tis feared, several Ships have been loft in the Plantations: That, during the War, great Numbers of Apprentices, add Journeymen; have been pressed for the Service of her Majesty's Rope-yards 5 so that their Masters have been conltrained to take more Apprentices; so that, when a Peace shall be concluded, many of those Journeymen will probably become chargeable to their

TV»mhill

Road.

respective Parishes for want of Work, as the same was A Bill for repairing the Highway between Fornhi/l, after the last War: And praying, that, for the Encou-in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Strat- ragement of their useful Trade, the Drawback of all ford, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second foreign Cordage, exported to any of her Majesty's Plantime. tations, may be taken off, as has been done on foreign

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicho- wrought Iron, exported thither, or that a Drawback be las, Marquis of Granby, Sir Wm. Gojlwick, Mr. Batliurjl, allowed upon^Exportation of English Cordage, as is al-

Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Whitchcott, Mr. Harvey, Sir Jo.

.Mordant, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Mr. Shackerly,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Sir John Guise,

Mr. Dyotl, Colonel Lee, Mr. Bulteele, Lord Sir Jof. Jekyll, Sir Fra. Mr. Mole [worth. Sir

Yho. Clark, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Coke, Mr. Foster, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Bridges, Sir RufhoutCullen, Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Wyld,' Mr. Barker, Sir Phil. Monouks, Lord Cavendish, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Piumptree, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Peyton, Sir John Cope; and all, that serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, York, Northampton, Stafford, W and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

fyle'sEuate. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of an Estate in in the County of Wilts, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, from Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, and inverting the surplus Money, arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Ufies, is committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

lowed upon English refined Sugar.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Recruiting a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the p0ercIe'^nd better recruiting her Majesty's land Forces, and the r Marines, for the Year 1707.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St.John reported from the Committee, that

that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Lincoln's Jnn Fields Improvement.

A Bill for an Union between the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill; The House divided 2 The Yeas go forth:

Telte for the Yea,.

rp ., XT {Sir Nicholas Morris,

Teller, for the Noe,.|Mr Wf;

So ic was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to insert in the Bill the Act of the _ y Parliament of Scotland, for settling the Manner of electing

Bill brought into this House, for the beautifying and the Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Members, to represent preserving the Square, called Lincoln's Inn Great Fields; Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain. wherein there is a Clause for the Inhabitants to meet in Lincoln's Inn Hall, without the Petitioners Knowlege:

And praying, that they may be heard, touching the Rights and Privileges of the said Society.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Union with Scotland.

Length of A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and the Own-Broad Cloth. ers of Fulling Mills, with others, trading in the Woollen Manufactures, within the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the excessive Length of broad Woollen Cloth, for some Years part made in the said Riding, has been very destructive to the Woollen Manufacture in those Parts: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to redress that and other Grievances, to the Improvement of the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

J172.

184.

A Petition of the Society of Lincoln's Inn was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom; and nothing to intervene.

State of Trade.

Drawback A Petition of the Rope-makers in the Port of London, Ordered, That Mr. Dryden, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Regulating an Cordage, and the other Ports of England, was presented to the Wm. , Mr. Payne, Mr. Snell, Sir Gods. Copley, Servant*.

House, and read; setting forth, that foreign Cordage be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Vox. 15. 4H better

) ® Februaru.

Hitch's

Estate.

laic's Eft ate.

Pdffige into New Palace Yard.

Preservation of Game.

Ainsworth's

Eliate.

305 21° — 22

better regulating Servants, and paying their Wages, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Bacon, Mr\Musgrave, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Balch, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Money, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Snell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to veil several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, in Robert Hitcb, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to exchange and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County, in lieu thereof, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotV Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 2 2° dFebruarii j

Anno 50 Ann* Regime, 1706.

Travers.

SI II Richard Hozve reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of an Estate in in

the County of Wilts, for discharging Portions, Incumbrances, and Debts, from Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, and inverting the surplus Money arising by such -Sale, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Pa lace Yard through the Gatehouse at was

committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching the Pifposal of the surplus Money, arising by the Bill.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was committed, be received upon Morning

next.

Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Meiies, and other Assignees of the Estate of John Ains-worth, late Merchant, on behalf of themselves, and the Majority of the Creditors, was referred; that, upon Hearing the Petitioners, their Witnesses, and Proofs, the Committee had come to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

1706.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-frion Council, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Merchants, Citizens, and Traders, of the said City have found, by Experience, th&t the Laws now in force, relating to Bankrupts, are very defc&ive; whereby ill-designing Persons have committed many Frauds and Perjuries, tending to the Decay of Trade, and Ruin of Traders: And praying, that they may be heard, and relieved, therein.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend the Act of the last Session, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, be brought in.

A Petition of Mary Harris, Wife or John Harris, Esquire, one of the Daughters of Sir Thomas late of Bramwith, in the County of York, Knight, deceased, was presented to the House:

And the same relating to Sir Thomas Travel!, a Member of this House;

And the House being acquainted, that he was in the Country;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do attend in his

Place upon Monday Seven-night; and that the Petition be then read.

Sir William Hnjller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Ship Prince (ioreign-built) a free Ship, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Lord Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to vest several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, in Robert Hitch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to exchange, and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to regulate the Six Clerk's Office, and better keeping the Records there, that they do insert a Clause, or Clauses, for paying-the Six Clerks a Recompence for their Offices, upon takng them away, and for appointing a general Record Keeper in the said Office.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highway between Iiockliffe and Wooburne, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highway between life and Wooburn, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they relate to such Laces.

Ordered,

A Member to

attend, Leing ineiUioness m a i t title-a.

Prince Ship,

Hitch's

Elute*

Regulating Six Clerk'f Oiiice.

IIocklilTe

lluaiL

Import.u

foreign

Laces,

Union with Scotland.

tornliill

Hoad.

5 Ann. 228 — 24°

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for an Union between the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, is committed, that they may receive a Clause, That the Two Universities of this Kingdom may continue for ever, as they now are by Law established.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they may receive a Clause, to make the like Provision, that the Subjects of this Kingdom shall be for ever free of any Oath, Test, or Subscription, within this Kingdom, contrary to, or inconsistent with, the true Protestant Religion, Government, Worship, and Discipline, of the Church of England, as now byLaw established, as is already

provided for t he Subjects of Sco with respect to their Presbyterian Government;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for tire

I l8.

209.

Tellers for the N=cs|^' } 184.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker d,) now leave the Chair

The House divided: /

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yea« ^Sir 1 \

1 elkrs for the 1 eas, VJr: )

Tellers for the Noes.J^, )

So it was resolved in the Aflirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair accordingly; and the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Houfi ,-upon the said Bill for an Union between the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

Air. Compton took the Chair of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment, which they had dire died him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. BathurftSir Cha. Buncombe, Mr. Ba/divyn, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Pugh, Mr. S/tacke r!y, Sir John , Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mavdey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Thynn Mr. Johnson, Mr. r-

ntinique, Mr. Ehmjlcn, Sir John , Mr. Mr. Buncombe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and StoneyStratford, in the County of

Bucks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

plying the Defects, in an Act, of the third Year of her Baines' Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Lrtate. Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 20. to leave out " of," and inlert " and L. last but one, to insert " the."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Bejolved, That the Bill do pafis; and that the Title be, An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and supplying the Defects, in an Act, of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Richard Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provisions for his Daughters.

Ordered, That Mr. Monson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Peyton (according to Order) presented to the Delays in House, a Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits*

Suits in Law and Equity; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for making the Acts more effectual, for approx BuildiDg priating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland, for the *B

building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages, there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord,

Sir Gilbert Bolben, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Owen, Sir Hen. Colt,

Mr. Caithrop, Mr. Monclon, Mr. Med'.icttt, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Peyton, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Ajgill, Mr. Strode, Sir Robert Corbitt, Sir John Mor-

daunt, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Manley, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Bavers, Mr. Southwell, Sir Fra.Masham, Mr. Kendall,

Mr. Bryden, Mr. Fox, Mr. Whitchcot, Sir Wm. Cor it on', and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir John Packington, Baronet, was pre- Droitwicti fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the si,r*n8* Petitioner is intitled to a Fee-farm Rent, of about £.100 per Annum, out of the Salt-works in; and he

hath also a Share in the Pits there: That in case the Bill now in this House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Broitwich, in the County of IVorcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, should pass, the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced thereby: And praying to be heard by himself, or Counsel, what he has to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by himself, or Counsel, before them, if he think fit.

Luna, 24.0 Februarii;

Anno 50 Anna? Reginae, 1706.

>. Pray ess.

' TcttenlaU QI II Henry Gough (according to Order) presented to Minifies O the House, a Bill for the better Support and Main-. kmun.ance. tenrnce of the Minister of in the County of

Stafford, for the Time being; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulating Mr. Harvey (according to Order) presented to the Six derk's House, a Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a (> Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for

: appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the

» Records of, that Court; and the same was received.

An ingrefled Bill for rectifying a Mistake, and sup-Vol. 1*.

[Frauds by Bankrupts.]

Sir Gilbert Heathcot reported from the Committee, to Frauds by whom it was referred to examine into the Abuses, re- Bankrupts, lating to, or arising from, the Act, of the last Session, to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts; and to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and Traders, in and about the City of London, was referred; and who were to inquire into any Abuses committed, or Charges expended, in relation to the Bankruptcy of Thomas Pitkin; the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Abuses committed, or Charges expended, in relation to the Bankruptcy of the said Thomas Pitkin, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. St. John (according to Order) reported from the Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Land°

the fr°rc*

Supply Ship.

Thomfcur's, &c. Nat.

Union with Scotland

State of Trade

Regulating

Servants,

Apprehending llouft-breakers.

Pyle's Estate.

'Passage into New Palace Yard.

508 24* — 2 50 Februarii. 170

the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and the Marines, for the Service of the Year 1707, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughotit, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there1' upon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of the Peace might discharge Persons lifted, in case it should appear to them, they were not within the Description of the Act.

And the same being twice read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr, Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Ship Supply a free Ship, wthout any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others; to which they

dejjre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for an Union between the two Kingdoms of England and , was committed,

the Amendment, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Duton Colt, Mr.

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Verney, Colonel Lee, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating Servants, and paying their Wages, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marti^ 250 di Februarii;

Anno 5* Ann* Regin*, 1706.

Pt At IRS.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Discovery and apprehending, of House-breakers, was committed, be maide upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, for Payment of his Debts, and laying out the residue of the Money, anting by such Sale, for a Provision for himself, and Family, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Sir Seymour Pyle, Baronet, for Payment of his Debts, and laying out the residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, for a Provision for himself, and Family.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hove do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehouse, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 4. L to insert " have."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace

Tard through the Gatehouse, Wtjlm.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for giving the Six Clerks inChancery a Recom- Regulatinng pence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Mx Clerk* Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of that Court, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to Rich* D?ht whom the Petition of Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, late to the Crown. Receiver General for the County of Essex, was referred; that they had examined the Matter of the Petition, and are so far satisfied thererein, that they are ofopinion, that the House be moved, that a Bill be brought in, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Middleton, Sir Thomas Littleton, and Mr. Serjeant Comyns, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Harvey (according to Order) presented to the Aynsworth'* House, a Bill for the better Discovery of the Estate of ^iule* Mr. John Aynjworth, late of London, Merchant; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Report Frauds by from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire Bankrupt*, into any Abuses committed, or Charges expended, in relation to the Bankruptcy of Thomas Pitkin.

And the Report was read, and is as followeth;

That Mr. Randall Stracey, one of the Commissioners in the Commission, issued against the said Pitkin, laid before the Committee Pitkin's Depositions upon Oath before the said Commissioners; whereby appeared the said Pitkin's Villanies, and horrid Combinations with Brerewood, Williams, and Miles, in cheating and defrauding his Creditors of Goods and Commodities to a very great Value.

Mr. Cookes, one of the Assignees, said, that Pitkin's Assignees having seized several Parcels of the Bankrupt's Effects, computed to the Value of £.12,000, which he had privately conveyed to Places, provided by Mr. Brerewood, there were so many and such heavy Actions brought against the Assignees, at the Suit of Brerewood,

John Dam, and Job Williams, by one Mr.

(Brerewood'sAttorney) and all the rest of the said kin's Effects, except some Goods, supposed to the Value of about £. 500, which were seized in his House, were either fee re ted, or claimed by the said Dann, and others; so that the said Assignees, and other the Creditors, were necessitated to comply with Mr. s Offers of

paying 8 s.6 d. per Pound; and accordingly Articles were drawn, and executed, between Mr. Brerewood, and the Creditors; whereby he covenanted to pay them the said 8 s.6 d.per Pound, and they were thereupon to assign their Debts; which Composition-money would amount to about £. 24,000, but is not all yet paid.

Mr. Cookes also laid before the Committee, an Account of the Charges, the Creditors sustained upon that Commission, amounting to £.2,075. *7 9^- before the

Articles of Agreement were executed between them and Mr. Brerewood-, which Charges arose by the prosecuting, and defending, several Suits at Law, seizing of Pitkin's

Goods

5 Ann.

Goods onboard divers Vessels, which were shipped in Other Persons Names; in fending Messengers to Holland, and other Places, for the apprehending the said Pitkin, and Rewards paid for taking of him; and in the Prosecution of the said Commission: And said, that another Reason, that prevailed upon the Creditors to accept the Composition of 8.r. 6d. in the Pound, was one Mr. Wilcox's Afluranees of Mr. s Poverty (a

'Person employed by Brerewoodto make the said Agreement with the Creditors) who told them, that he knew Mr. Brerewood' % Circumstances so well, that, if they would not take the Ss. 6per Pound, the Delay, attended with the Expences, would reduce the Composition to much less. The Creditors knowing Vvhat Persons they had to deal with under the Villany they had discovered; and for, that the whole Contribution Money, paid by the Creditors, amounted to no more than £.160, or thereabouts, although the Assignees were then in Disburse near /. 2,000, and seeing little Prospect of getting any thing Considerable out of Estate; and

in regard the said Actions and Claims were still maintained, and depending, and others threatened; they thought it most adviseable to accept the said Proposition of 8j. Sd.-per Pound, with their Charges then in disburse.

Mr. Walker said, that the said Mr. Wilcox acquainted him, that the Expences, that attended the Commission against Pitkin, amounted to /. 4,500, and that Wilcox said, he could make it appear, that the Creditors might have had 15 s.instead of 8j. 6 Pound: And Mr. Walker said, that he was one of those, that was Bail in Actions, to the amount of /. 16,000 brought against the said Assignees.

Mr. Wilcox, being ordered to attend the Committee, was required to give an Account of the said /. 4,500, how the same was expended, and by whom paid: To which he answered, that the Creditors had expended /. 2,070 before the Articles of Agreement were executed, in which he was employed by Mr. Brerewood-, and for his Trouble and Pains therein, and in procuring the Creditors to accept of the Composition of 8j. 6d. per Pound (which took up near 12 Months of his Time) Mr. Brerewood agreed to pay him £. 1 ,coo, of which he has received £. 600, and has his Bond for the rest; and he was to be paid the like Fees, as the Commissioners should receive for such Sittings, as should happen after the Articles were executed, the said Brerewood being from time to time to pay all Charges, relating to the further Prosecution of the said Commission: And laid before the Committee an Account of the Expences of the Commission, after the Articles of Agreement were executed, amounting to £.351. i6j. besides other odd Charges and Expences: And said, that Mr. Lucy, for his Trouble and Charges in following and taking the said Pitkin in Holland, had an Allowance of £.6 Cent. upon the said 8 s.6d.per Pound, which amounted to about £. 1,400, and that Mr. Brerewood had reason to give him, the said Wilcox, such a Reward, for that he advanced £. 4,000 for him to pay the Creditors, towards his Compositions. And being asked, what Securities he had for the Money, so advanced; he said, he had two Clothing Assignments, one for /.4,500, (which he has since delivered up) and another for/. 1,300, with a Parcel of Goods, which had been redeemed from the Creditors.

Mr. Jasper Waters said, that he is the greatest Sufferer in this Affair, and by means thereof, of any Person whatsoever, all, that has been dear to him in the World, having been greatly affected thereby, beyond Expression; and that he was drawn in hereto by the villanous Contrivance of Brerewood, and others, as, among other things, appears as follows: That Pitkin, when he was carrying on this villanous Design, comes to him, and proposes to buya large Quantity of Goods of him; and, to induce him to let him have them, Pitkin offered to pay him £. 1,000 upon account of Goods, which Pitkin had bought ofhimfome time before, but the Time was not fully expired, which was allowed for the Payment; and in a few Days after Pitkin brought the said £. i,coo Vol. 15.

to him; which/. 1,00b, he supposed Pitkin had received ;^aa0sir as Part of his Wife's Fortune, having married a few Bankrupts. Months before, and had {hewed him his Wife's Mother's Bond for the Payment of £. 2,000; but as Pitkin has declared . since, this £.1,000 was at that time given' to him by Brerewood, with this Direction, " Let Waters <c have this, and it will draw him in ;and do it as far as " possible you can And further said, that after the said Articles were executed, Mr. Wilcox came to him, and pressed him to fell his Debt for Us. per Pound:

Which last Matter Wilcox denied.

That three Commissioners in the Commission of Bankrupt against Pitkin, being present, declared, they never received one Peny of the said £. 500 pretended to be paid by Brerewood to Mr. Wilcox upon their account.

The said Mr. Wilcox, being examined touching that £. 500, said, he gave Mr. Brerewood no such Advice as to the Commissioners; but that the said /. 500 was included, in the £. 1,000 for himself, by the Agreement between him and Brerewood.

Mr. Wilcox being a Iked to produce that Agreement, he said, it never was reduced into Writing, but was a verbal Agreement between themselves; and that he was a perfect Stranger to Brerewood and Pitkin, until he was employed to make the said Agreement between Brere-and the Creditors.

Mr. Cookes, one of the Assignees, laid before the Committee a Parcel of Notes from Brerewood to Elias Rick, Esquire, which were delivered by Pitkin to Mr.

Lucy at the Burfs; some absolute, some accountable, and some Receipts.

£. s. d.

The absolute Notes amounted to - 21,461 11 —

The accountable Notes amounted to - 8,835 5 5

30,296 16 .5

The Receipts amounted to/. 3,379. os. 4

That it appeared to the Committee, that it was agreed between Brerewood and Pitkin, that those Notes should be given in the Name of Rich (Pitkin's Brother-in-law,) to the end, that when Pitkin mould run away, Brerewood might swear before the Commissioners, that he did not owe Pitkin, or his Estate, any thing; which he did accordingly.

That upon all the Notes (which Notes were given for Goods sent in by Pitkin) the said Brerewood deduced /. 25 per Cent, which amounted to /. 6,008, only giving him a promissory Note, when all Charges, Losses, or Damages, attended the disposing of the Goods,

Brerewood had of him, he would be accountable for the Remainder; and that the Reason why he changed his Name in the said Notes, was, for that he found, he could stand no longer, and that Mr. Brerewood very well knew, when he gave him those Notes for/. 30,296. And the Committee, to come at a true Light of the whole Villany between Brerewood and Pitkin, and theif Confederates, caused their own Depositions to be read.

Mr. Wright, one of the Commissioners, laid, that the Debts proved, amounted to /. 50,947. 5/. and the claimed Debts to /. 7,938. 4J. 4 d.That the Composition at 8j. 6d. per Pound, amounts to about /. 24,000; that the said Brerewood and Wilcox have declared, th&t dll the said 8 s.6d. per £. was paid upon the proved Debts, except so much of the said 8j. 6 d.as amount to /. 1,600, or /. i,8co.

Mr. Brerewood owned the said Notes byhimgiveri to Pitkin by another Name, at hisReqUeft; but that he always traded fairly with him, dnd knew nothing of his Circumstances: Which was denied by Pitkin. And Pitkin said, that he delivered as many Goods and EftetSts into Brerewood's Power, as amounted to/.47,000 in eight Months before Pitkin broke; and produced an Account of the fame.

Pitkin acquaints the Committee, that he knows, it has been a Practice among Traders, and Captains; and Matters of Ships, to export Goods upon a large Draw-

4 I back,

2 50 Febfri

3iO 25° Februarii. . 1706.

Frauds by back, as 70J. is in Proportion to 2$s. prime Cost;

Bankrupts, and then have the Goods re-landed again, paying so much per Bale for the same; and that the Broker, or his Boy, swears the Oath of prime Cost, required upon the Exportation of the Goods.

That he has known Mr. Lovefetto, Mr. , Mr. Beckingham, and Mr. John , to follow this

Trade with Mr. Magnus Majon and Captain Selby.

Mr. Diston, a Member of this House, charged Mr. Wilcox with having offered him 20/. per £. upon the account of one Keen a poor Clothier, whose Goods Brerewood had got from , to the Value of about

£. 260, provided the said Mr. Diston would hold his Tongue, and not complain against him to this Committee.

Mr. Wilcox owned, he had made some such Offer, but it was by Brerewood*s Direction.

John Woodward laid, that, about three Months after the Articles of Agreement between Brerewood and his Creditors were made, he applied himself to Brerewood for 8r. (d. per £. Composition Money, and he sent him to Wilcox, to pay him 8j. in the Pound: That Wilcox demanded a Guinea, before he would pay him such Composition Money, which amounted to £.92. 13;. and he paid him a Guinea accordingly.

David Fackney said, that he applied himself to Mr. Wilcox for his Composition Money, and Wilcox paid him but 8j. per £. but in the Assignment of his Debts it is mentioned to be 8j. 6 d.per

Mr. Barnes said, that upon his going to the Irish Chamber at Guildhall, London, to sign the Article? of Agreement between Mr. Brerewood and Creditors, he met with M r. Wilcox, who acquainted him with the Purport of the said Articles; and he refuting to sign the fame, because there was no Certainty, when the Composition Money, thereby agreed to, was to be paid, the said Mr. Wilcox desired, he would not refuse signing the Articles, for that it would be a Prejudice to the whole Affair; and to encourage him to come in, offered to buy his Debt, and would pay his Composition after the rate of 7*. 6 d. per £.for that he believed, the Compo-

fition Money of is. 6 dper would not be paid in 12 Months; and he, being necessitated, took the 7 6d.

per£.with a Promise, that he should fend such other Clothiers, as he knew to be Creditors, to the said Mr. Wilcox, and to take the said Composition of 7*.

6 d.and accordingly, amongst others, sent Mr.

Mr. Perry, and Mr. Slope, who, he believed, took the same Composition of 7 6d. per £. of Mr. Wilcox:

And that he knows, Mr. Wilcox made it his Business to find out Pitkin's Creditors, in order to make his Terms with them.

Mr. Wilcox owned, that he compounded Mr. Barns* Debt for -js.6d. per £.believing, Mr. Brerewood could

not pay his Composition of 8r. 6d. in a considerable Time after the Articles of Agreement with the Creditors were executed; and that Mr. Barnes frequently solicited him for the 7 s.(sd.per £. before he paid him; and that he compounded no other Debts under 8j. (>d. but what he had Orders for from Mr. Brerewood; upon which he had from some p. 6d. and some 10 upon taking their Arguments.

Mr. Waters, one of Pitkin's principal Creditors, said, that, when he was informed of Pitkin's going off, he went to Mr. Brerewood, to enquire after; and

Brerewood desired Mr. Waters not to be uneasy, for that Pitkin was only gone into the Country, and would be at home again the next Day: And one Williams, a Confederate with Brerewood being then present, desired an Opportunity to speak with Mr. Waters; and upon that Occasion represented Brerewood to be a great Rogue, not only to the Creditors in general, but to himself in particular; and brought one Miles (another Confederate) to him; who proposed, that if Mr. Waters would undertake with the Creditors, that, he should have£. 25 per Cent, he would make a Discovery of Pitkin's Effects; and at the same time Williams told him, that he heard

24

Pitkin express himself with Reludancy on s

endeavouring to draw him in, with a particular Accla* mation of Pitkin's, That God knew, how many Families he should ruin by that Undertaking.

Mr. Waters further laid, that one Mr. Lucy, a Creditor of Pitkin's, being in Holland, had the Opportunity of meeting with Pitkin there, and placed him at the House of two of his Correspondents at; and then

came himself for England, and acquainted the Creditors, he had got Pitkin in his Power; and that, without the Creditors would agree to pay him a Reward of £. 200, and £.6 per Cent, upon the whole Estate, that was, or should be, recovered (which amounted to 1,400, all the Force of England should not get him into their Custody: upon which the Creditors were forced to comply to his Terms: And thereupon Mr. Lucy went for Holland again, to fetch Pitkin over; but when he came to Harzvichhe sent a Letter to his Wife, to acquaint the Commissioners, and Creditors, that he was not latis-fied, that the aforesaid Agreement was penned for his Security; and, that if the Creditors would not execute, a corroborating Agreement, he would proceed no farther; upon which the second Agreement was executed: Both which Agreements were produced to the Committee.

Mr. Pitt, one of the Assigneesin Pitkin's Commission, and Mr. Wright, one of the Commissioners, confirmed Mr. Waters' Testimony.

Mr. Lucy, being present, said, that he, being in Holland, had Intelligence from England, that Pitkin was gone off, and embarked on board some Scotch Ship, bound for Holland: He went from Amsterdam to terdam, to enquire after Pitkin (who then went by the Name of Smith) and upon the Discovery of one York (who Brerewood had sent, to accompany Pitkin) he pursued them to the Buss, and there, by a Power he had from the States of Holland, he seized Pitkin; and, upon his Seizure, Pitkin offered him £. 10,000 to let him make his Escape; which being refused, delivered

to him as many Notes under s Hand, as

amounted to£. 30,296. 16s ,$dand made a further Discovery, amounting toj£. 40,000. Upon which he placed him at the House of his Correspondents at,

and left those Notes there for his Security, till he could come over, to make his Terms with the Creditors, to insure himself of the Reward, of which they had before that time offered, by an Advertisement in the which being agreed to by the first and second Agreements, he went back again to Holland, to fetch Pitkin over; which; he did accordingly; and brought those Notes under Brerewood's Hand, and delivered them up to the Commissioners; whereby he became intitled to the^. 1,400 Reward, besides his Charges, which, by a Bill of Particulars amounted to above £.200.

That the said Lucy being asked, whether he had the whole £. 1,400 to himself; he said, he had but £. 800, That he gave £. 100 to one Mr. a Merchant

in Hollattd, toaflifthim in taking Pitkin, and gave his Promise, to pay him £. 100 more; and that he had promised the remaining 500 to Lupton and Green, Merchants in Holland, who ailifted him in getting a Power from the States to seize Pitkin.

That the said Mr. Marshall, being examined, said, he had received £. 100 from Lucy, for his Assistance in taking Pitkin. and had his promise of Friendship, as a further Reward; but has not received any Money, or Security, from any since.

Mr. Waters, as to Lucy's taking Pitkin, said. that had not Lucy accidentally met with Pitkin in Holland, the Creditors, having by an intercepted Letter from York (Pitkin's Companion) to Brerewood, for a Remit-

tance of Money, made a Discovery where Pitkin was, and by a Letter, they procured from Mr. Secretary Harley, to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough and Mr. Stanhope, sent two Messengers in quest of; who

found Mr. Lucy had secreted him two Days before.

Mr.

c Ann. 250 Februarii. 31 x

Mr. Pitkin being examined as to his being taken by Lucy, he laid, when Mr. Lucy found him at the he put him into an Officer's Hand, by way of Arrest; and then telling him, that he mull live a Prisoner in Holland for Life, and never fee ,without he

would make his Creditors what Satisfaction was in his Power, he was prevailed on to do the latter, and was presently discharged from the Arrest; and then, as a Proof of his Intention to serve his Creditors, he voluntarily gave him the said Mr. Notes out of

his Pockets (which Lucy knew nothing of before) and offered to come with him, and promised a Discovery to the Creditors; but Mr. Lucy would not permit him so to do, but lodged him at his Correspondents House at Amsterdam, where he was under no manner of Confinement; and Lucy went to England, to make a Treaty with the Creditors for his, the said Benefit (as

Lucy said) but, instead thereof, finds, Lucy came over, only to make a Bargain for himself, without any other Confederation for Pitkin, than to betray him; which had he knew, he could have made his Escape; and, when he came to England, he made his Discovery, before Lucy delivered the Notes to the Assignees.

That the Assignees in the Commission against Pitkin were of opinion, that Pitkin was the true Discoverer of his Effects.

That the said intercepted Letter from York to wood was read, which confirmed Pitkin's Testimony it? the Matter of Lucy's arresting him: And said, that, if Pitkin had not voluntarily surrendered himself, po Power could have secured him at the the Mob being up, with a Resolution to have rescucd him.

Mr. Brerewood's Affidavit, made in the Court of Common Pleas, was produced; whereby he swore, he was not indebted Ten Pounds to Pitkin's Estate.

Mr. Elias Rich appeared (to whom all the Notes, taken with Pitkin, were made payable by Brerewood, as also the Articles of Copartnership were mentioned in his Name, instead of Pitkin) and acquainted the Committee, that he knew nothing of any such Notes, or Articles of Copartnership, nor ever so much as heard of them, till he was told by the Creditors; and that he has not, nor ever had, any Demand upon Brerewood, but dif-claims any Pretence thereto.

That it appearing to the Committee, upon the Information of Brerewood's Creditors, that one Mr. Dann, a Goldsmith, had secreted some of Pitkin's Effects, to a very great Value, upon pretence offeveralSums of Money he pretended to have advanced to Brerewood, for the carrying on his cloathing the Regiments, Brerewood was Agent to;

That the said Mr. Dann being present, the Committee ordered, That Mr. Dann do lay before the Committee, all the Particulars of the joint Account between Mr. Brerewood, Mr. Pitkin, himself, and Partner; as also the Particulars of the separate Account between the said Brerewood and Dann; together with what Securities he now hath, or hath had, in his Hands, upon either of the said Accounts; as also the Bill of Sale, made of the Goods he took upon an Execution of some Goods, he had in his Power, for securing part of his Money he advanced to Brerewood.

That the said Mr. Dann being asked, what Time he desired to comply with the said Order, he undertook to do the same in four Days; which Time being granted him, he then produced an Account, which appeared to be very unsatisfactory to the Committee, and evasive to their Order: And as to the Bill of Sale, he had mislaid it, and could not make up the said Account, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, considering the Business he has upon his Hands, under ten Days time.

Mr. iValker laid before the Committee, a particular Account of what Mr. Brerewood was Debtor to Pitkin's Estate four Days before Pitkin broke, amounting to

C44,583- 12*- which Pitkin being examined to, owned the same to be true; and that he never received any Effects to answer it, but only the aforesaid absolute Vol. 1 6. m

and accountable Notes from Brerewood, made payable to pra,^t the said Mr. Elias Rich; and that, upon his going off. Bankrupts. Mr. Brerewood had all the Effects he had, but his Hous-hold Goods.

Mr. Brerewood, being present, was examined as to the Effects he had got from Pitkin, to the Prejudice of the Creditors: He laid, he was ready to make up his Accounts with the Creditors, if the Committee would allow him sufficient Time; and that, if the Articles of Agreement between him and the Creditors must be laid aside, he would give Security to answer the Balance, if it appeared to be in his Hands, if the Creditors would do the like for what the Balance should prove deficient.

That he owned all the absolute Notes, made payable to the said Mr. Elias Rich; and that, as to the accountable Notes, he was ready to comply to the Conditions therein mentioned; and as to what Effects he had from Pitkin, he keeps as a Security for what he has suffered upon Pitkin's Account; for that he has paid, and is obliged to pay by the Articles of Agreement, to the Debts proved, and claimed, £. 25,000 to the Charges of the Commission of Bankrupt, before those Articles were,

£. 2,100 and £. 450 since; and to Mr. Lucy, upon taking

of Pitkin, £. 1,600, to Mr. Wilcox, for procuring the Articles of Agreement, £. 1,000, and to his own Charges, when in Custody, and otherwise, 600, amounting in the whole to £. 31,750.

That the Creditors of Pitkin, by way of Reply, and in order to prove the aforesaid Combination between Pitkin,

Brerewood, Williams, and Dann, referred themselves to Pitkin's own Depositions upon Oath before the Commissioners upon the Statute of Bankrupt, taken out against him; which were read at the Committee, and an attested Copy of the fame, marked A, was ordered to be reported to the House.

The Copy of Pitkin's Depositions, marked A, mentioned in the Report, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in, a Bill to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcttt, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Woollaston, and Mr. Harley, and Mr. Hern, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

It appearing to this House, by the said Report, that George Wilcox, an Attorney at Law, was the great Agent of the said Brerewood.'s, to draw in the Creditors of Pitkin to compound with the said Brerewood for Eight Shillings Six Pence per Pound, for which Service Brerezvood paid, and secured, to the said Wilcox the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that the said Wilcox did, by several other indirect Means, draw* in several poor distressed Creditors to take less than the Composition agreed for;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare the said Bill, that they do bring in a Clause, for the said Wilcox's Re-payment of the said One thousand Pounds, for the Benefit of the said Creditors.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine Frauds in into Frauds, committed in Drawback of Goods and Drawbacks. Merchandizes exported;

And it is referred to Mr. Peyton, Mr. Hampden,

Lord Powlett, Mr. Verney, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Serjeant

Birch, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. AshurJ Mr. Ttpham, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Iretott, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Woollaston, Mr. Aiflaby, Lord Mr. Butler,

Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Gale, Sir John Hawles, Mr.

Barker, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pulteny, Mr. Monfton, Sir John Mordaunt. Sir Fran. Masham Sir Wm. Dairies, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fox, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Coatsworth, Mr. Maine, Mr. Cejar, Sir Yonge,

Mr. Herne, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Strode, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Bere:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in

Rwuiting tire Land Forces.

Importing

foreign

Laces.

State of Trade.

H itch's Estate.

12 250 — 26° Febru&rii.

the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration t>f the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's -Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year 1707, was committed.

And the Clause, Yesterday offered to the House, to be added to the' Bill (For discharging Persons lifted, that -were not within the'Description of the Act) being withdrawn;

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, instead thereof

And the fame, being twice read, and amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the /House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any three Justices within , or the'Liberties

thereof, may put the Act in execution.

And the same being twiceread, was, upon the Question <put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Tart of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Miners, and Colliers, shall not be impressed by virtue of the Act.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read -a-Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, Tor punishing such Officers, as shall discharge Persons for a Reward.

And the lama* being once read, was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For punishing Officers neglecting their Duty.

And the fame, being twice read, and amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fo. 2. L. 1. to insert after " Employment" these Words, " or do not follow or exercise the fame."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended Accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, lo far as they relate to such Laces.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februarii.

Anno 5* Anna* Reginas, 1706.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to vest several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of , in Robert

Hitch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to exchange, and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to vest several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, in Robert Hitch, Esquire, and

his Heirs, and to exchange, and settle, other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof, to the Fame Uses.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire the Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Drugget-makers, Serge-makers, Fullers, Dyers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and Parishes adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that within four or five Years last the Weavers (who are very numerous) have in most Towns, where the Woollen Manufactures are made, formed themselves into Clubs, particularly at Taunton, and have a common Seal, Tipstaffs, and Colours, which they display at Pleasure, and meet, as often as they think fit, at their Club-house, being an Inn at Taunton; and four or five Persons, appointed as their Supervisors (if any of their Club are about to be prosecuted) give them a Certificate under their Hands and common Seal, and Money out of their Common Stock, to travel from their Families, whereby their Families have become chargeable to their several Parishes; and by their arbitrary Proceedings they hinder many honest Labourers, who refuse to join in their Club, from using their lawful Employments, whereby they might get a comfortable Maintenance for their Families: That the said Taunton Club have committed many Outrages and Riots, and put many of her Majesty's Subjects in great Danger of their Lives, forced many from their Habitations, broken the common Gaol, and also private Houses, and refeued several Persons, who were committed for the said Crimes: And praying the House to consider of feme effectual Method to suppress these riotous Clubs, and the future ill Consequences that may attend them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of Tiverton, in Devon, together with other the Merchants Clothiers, and other principal Traders, of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Combinations, or Clubs, into which the Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures have of late formed themselves, is a growing Complaint at Tiverton, and, after a great deal of Forbearance from their Matters, are become so infelent, as to oblige them to comply with whatever their Clubs shall determine; and assemble themselves, when they please, in a riotous Manner, abusing their Mailers, intuiting Justice, and daring all Authority, that opposes them: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge-makers, and Stuff-makers, in and near the City of was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that, although the Petitioners have constantly paid their Journeymen their Wages, yet great Numbers of them near the said City, in imitation of others in divers Places of the Kingdom, have combined together, and infill on several unreasonable Demands, wherewith if their Mailers will not comply, they have determined, they shall have no Ser* vants to work; their Demands being, in effect. That no Mailer Weaver shall take a Prentice, without Leave of the Confederacy, and the Apprentice to be inrolled in their Books; that a Mailer shall not employ a Journeyman, before he becomes one of the Bristol Confederacy, or brings a Certificate, that he is confederated at feme other Place: That these Demands, amongst others of the like Nature, the Confederates have often, in a riotous Manner, attempted to put in execution, and have often abused their Mailers, and spoil their Goods, and yet must have no other Satisfaction, than what their Supervisors (who are elected out of the Confederates) will please to allow; all which Practices tend to the Destruction of the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, that the House

Riots by Weaven.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Riots by Weavers.

Address for profeening Offenders.

Copy Right of p. lilted Books.

Bifoop's absconding from African Company.

Payment of Tythes.

Demands on Col. Jtice.

5 Ann. a6° Februarii. 313

will take the Premises into Consideration, and effectually Act of Parliament, the last Sessions, for £.11,500 in relieve the Petitioners therein. Debentures (which he hath received) for the said Regi-

Ordered That the Petition do lie upon the Table. ment, upon Suggestion, that he, out of his own Money,

The said Petitions complaining, that the Weavers, had paid all the Officers of the Regiment their several Combers, and other Labourers, in the Woollen Ma- Quota's for their Troops, amounting to about £.1,200 nufactures, have formed themselves (without any legal each Troop; to prove which, he produced Releases Authority) info Bodies, and provided a common Seal, under the Hands and Seals of the several Officers: That Colours, and Tipstaffs, and assembled together in Num- the said Releases were given in Confidence of, and upon bers, and have a common Stock, and by violent and Promise, that the said Colonel should pay the arbitrary Proceedings hinder others from exercising their several Quota's out of the said Debentures, when made lawful Employments, and have committed Outrages, out; which he has not done, and threatens to set up Riots, and Tumults, and put divers of her Majesty's the Releases against the Petitioners Demands, who can Subjects in Terror, and Danger of their Lives, and forced have no other Satisfaction from him, but Promises of several Persons from their Habitations, and broken getting them established on Half Pay; only the Peti-open the common Gaol, and private Houses, and tioner, , has received £. 40. And praying, that

rescued several Persons from their Crimes, and had af- the Effects, either in the Debentures, which the said faulted several Justices of Peace, and other Magistrates, Rice has had, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament for in executing their Offices, and committed other riotous his Relief or what else he hath converted the same into,

Actions; may be subjected to answer the Petitioners Demands,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her notwithstanding the said Releases given by them, unless Majesty, that flic will be pleased to give Directions, for the Moneys, for which such Releases were given, shall detecting and prosecuting the Offenders, and for sup- appear to have been paid.

pressing all such Afllmblies, and riotous Proceedings. Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her this House, upon the Matter of their Petition, upon Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Tuesday Morning next.

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council. OrdThat the said Colonel Rice do attend this

, . - , House upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of Edward Brewjler, Henry Mortlock,

Robert C!avell, Richard Chiswell, Charles Harper, Samuel Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for an Union between Union with Roy croft. Freeman Collins, William Rogers, Darnel Browne, the two Kingdoms of and Scotland, be read the Scotland.

Jacob Tonfon, Timothy Goodwyn, John Walt hoe, and Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Benja. Took, on behalf of themselves, and other Book-

fellers, and Printers, in and about the City of London, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Regulating and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; whom rthe Bill for the better regulating Servants, and Serrants. setting forth, that many learned Men have spent much paying their Wages, was committed, be received upon Time, and been at great Charges, in composing Books, Saturday Morning next, who ul'ed to dispose of their Copies upon valuable Considerations, to be printed by the Purchasers, or have Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Punifting reservtd feme Part, for the Benefit of themselves, and whom the Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, Vagraut». Families; and the Purchasers also have, by such their made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of the late King Property, made Provision for their Widows, or Children; (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of an Act, but of late Years such Properties have been much in- made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, vaded, by other Persons printing the same Books, either for the continuing the said former Act, and making it here in England, or beyond the Seas, and importing more effectual, is committed, be received Tomorrow them hither, to the great Discouragement of Per- Morning, fons from writing Matters, that might be of great Use

to the Publick, and to the great Damage of the Proprie- The Orders of the Day being read;

tors: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Delays, and Delays in

in a Bill for the Securing Property in such Books, as Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, be read To- Suiu*

have been, or shall be, purchased from, or reserved to, morrow Morning.

the Authors thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the f0J^rtin8 according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Acts prohibiting oreign aces* Mr. Compton, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Topham, and Sir the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far Wm. Ashurst, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. as they relate to such Laces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mr. Ireton took the Chair of the Committee, whom the Petition of the Royal African Company was Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

referred, be received Tomorrow Morning. Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, that they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, the better setting forth the Payment of Tythes; and when the House will please to receive the same, that Sir Thomas Parker, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Harvey, and Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Sir James Mountazue, do prepare, and bring in, the Morning.

Bill.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the State (

A Petition of Captain Morgan O Brien, on behalf of whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Trad*, himself, and of Captain Kennedy O Brien, Captain Gar- Kingdom. rett Fitz Gerald, and their Subalterns, and other Officers, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Sir R took the Chair of the Committee, that the Petitioners were Officers of Horse in the late Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

King James's Army in Ireland, and upon the Surrender Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee,

of Limerick, joined with Colonel John Rice, and were that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had regimented in the Service of King William; but were directed him to report, when the House will please to broke the first of February, 1691, and their Horses, receive the same.

Arms, and Accoutrements, taken from them by Briga- Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow dier Eilliers: That the said Colonel Rice obtained an Morning.

Vol. 15. -4K Sir

leave of Absence.

Sheppards

Shoard,&c,

Hoads.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Fornhill

Hoad.

Punishing

'Vagrants,

j

314 — 27

Sir Robert Davers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die;

Anno 50 Annas Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir William Contort have Leave to to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir Francis Child (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shoard and the Devizes, and between Arlington Hill and Roved Ford, in the County of j and the same was received.

[Frauds by Bankrupts.]

Sir Gilbert Heathcot (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts; and the same was received.

Mr. John Whitwrongreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing the Highway between hill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was committed j that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, whiqh they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed, and the residue agreed, unto by the House; and several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Mordaunt (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the iftli and 12th Years of the late King William (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of an Act, made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign for the continuing the said ' former Act, and making it more effectual, was re-committed; that they had made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout.

Clause A, being read a Second time. For preventing foreign Vagabonds from resorting to England, and for transporting such, as are already arrived here, to the Places, from whence they came;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It paflTed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

AClause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the ' City and Liberties of Westminster shall be deemed as a County at large, for the Purposes in the Act.

0 Februarii . 1706,

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause fee made Part of the Bill;

It palPed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Vagabonds, with Letters of Request.

And the fame, being once read, was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of privjie,e^ Elections and Privileges, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Mr. Owen (a Member of this House) be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Woolaston, reported from the Committee, to preservat;OB

whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, of Game-was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then all of them, as far as Clause B, a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time. For ascertaining the Purlieus of Forests;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, alf/mor] ,03'

Tellers for the Noes, j ajlm:"' } 15°'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Persons to prove themselves qualified to keep Dogs.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Rega'afinj Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Delays, and Delays ia Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, be read upon i>uus' Monday Morning next.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Bishop's whom the Petition of the Royal African Company was absconding referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the £t,m A^r, Ui* Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had mPany-directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable; where the same were read, and are as follow;

That the said Committee having heard the Petitioners, their Witnesses, and Proofs of the Matters complained, of in the said Petition;

And the Committee having summoned Mr. Hen.

Bishop, Major Bishop, Mr. Benjamin Bishop, and Mr. Arthur

Zouch, to attend the Committee, to answer Matters alleged against them, in relation to the secreting Mr.

Henry Bshop (the African Company's Servant) together with the said Company's Books and Effects; they thought fit not to attend the said Committee, though duly summoned by the Serjeant's Messenger, attending the Service of the House.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved,

5 Ann. 270 Februarii. . 315

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, the Royal Company, have

fully proved the Allegations in their Petition.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the said Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, together with the Books, and Effects, of the said African Company, by a certain Day to be therein appointed, under such Penalties, as this House shall think fit, upon their Refusal so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the said Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, together with the Books, and Effects, of the said African Company; and that Sir Robert Davers and Mr. Moor do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Arthur Zouch, for his Contempt in not attending the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company was referred (although duly summoned for that Purpose) to be examined touching the Matter, directed to be inquired into, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Importing

foreign

Lact*.

.u

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Acts prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they relate to such Laces, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were once read throughout, and all of them, as far as Clause A, a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second Time, That the Country Lace Buyers, and Makers, may quietly fell their Laces by Whoiefele in such Places, as the Lord Mayor and Aldermen have or shall license, without disturbance by Informers, by reason of their not being free of London;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,j

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Shackerley:

Sir Hen. Dutton

3

46.

36.

sp

'IfMr. Ireton So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fol. 1. L. x 8. after " Thread " to insert " except as is " before excepted."

And the same was, upon the Quefcion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr!

Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

Lee's F.state. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Agues LeeWidow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Manle's Also, the Lords have.passed a Bill, intituled, An

qualifying Act for impowering tl.e Barons of the Court of Exche-for Office. quer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme Persons in England, to administer to Thomas Maule, Esquire, Remembrancer of the said Court, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those requ'ifite to be taken, and subscribed by the Laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said Yo L. 15.

Office; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee of the State of whole House, who were to consider of the Trade of this 1 Kingdom, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all foreign Salt, imported into England, , or Berwick upon Tweed, after the first Day of May, 1707, shall be cellared and locked up under the Custody of the Merchant Importer, and the Officer employed for levying the Duties upon Salt; and that the Merchant may have what Quantity thereof his Occasions may require, not under a Weigh, or Forty Bushels, at a time, giving Security for the Duty of what Quantity he receives, payable in six Months.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for all English Salt, which from and after the first Day of May, 1707, shall be shipped, to be carried Coastwise, the Duties having been paid, or secured, according to former Laws, there shall be an Allowance made of the Duties of so much of such Salt, as shall be actually wasted in the Carriage, for Wastage, upon Certificates, to be given Gratis by the proper Officers at the Port of Lading, of the true Quantity of Salt, laden or put on board, and a Certificate of the proper Officers, at the Port of Discharge, of the Quantity of the said Salt, which shall be there discharged, and upon Proof made upon Oath, to verify the said Certificate; which Proof, and Certificates, being produced to the propec Officer of the Salt Duties, by whom the Duties of the said Salt, so carried Coastwise, was paid, or secured, he shall be allowed upon the Security, or repaid (in case the Duties be actually paid) io much, as the said Allowance for Wastage shall amount to, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That fiorn and after the first Day of May, 1707, there shall, upon the Exportation of White Herrings from England and Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, be the like Allowances, as are to be made, upon the Exportation of White Herrings from Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be allowed for every Barrel of Beef, or Pork, felted, and exported from England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, after the first Day of May,

1707, for Sale, the like Allowances, as are to be allowed upon Exportation of such Beef, and Pork, exported from Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be the like Premium given for all Oatmeal, and Grain called Bear, alias Bigg, upon the Exportation thereof, exported after the first Day of May,

1707, from England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, as are to be given upon Exportation of Oatmeal and Bear from Scotland.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr, Lowndes, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Carr, and Mr.

Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Ditto, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Harris1

Eltatf.

Tettenhall

lUinifter's

Maintenance'.

DyingGoods,

&c.

Leave of Absence.

Birmingham

Church.

Baker's

Belief.

j 16 28° Febr. A. 1706.

Veneris, 28* dFehruarii\

Anno 50 Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

QR D E R ED, that the Bill for the Relief of Katherine Harris, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Minister of Tettenha/l, in the County of Stafford, for the Time being, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry

Gough, Sir Gilbert Dolhen, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Shocker ley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Baldwyn Mr. Gwynn, Mr Mr. Winstanley, Sir Fra. Mafltam, Mr. Mr.

Chandler, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Moles Mr. Hicks, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Carr, Sir John Sir Richard How,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Brezver, Sir John Conway, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Verney, Mr. Piiltcney; and all for the Counties of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Dr. Davenaiit, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of certain Dying Goods, Naval Stores,

Wines, and Brandy, imported to England between the 25th Day of December, 1702, and the 25th Day of December, 1705, which pay the additional Impositions, granted by an Act, in the 4th Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and continued by an Act, of the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Cooper have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir John Mordaunt (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for building a Church, and Parsonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and a new Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of ;and the fame

was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that the same of John Baker, deleft Son of Colonel Henry Baker, late Governor of Londonderry, in the Kingdom of

and of his Mother, Brother, and Sifters, having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty hath been pleased to give Leave for them, according to the Vote of the House, to make their Application to this House.

And he presented their Petition accordingly.

And the same was read; setting forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in considera-

tion of the said Colonel Baker's Services, granted to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, a forfeited Estate, of the Value of £. 367 per Annum; which happening to be only a Forfeiture during the Life of a forfeiting Person, the Person in Remainder recovered the Estate of the Petitioner; and he, and the Remains of his Father's Family, being then left destitute of that Support, as was intended them, made Application to the Parliament in 1703; who pnfled an Ai.t, whereby they were to receive/.4,00a English Money, out of the Remains of the Forfeitures in Ireland: That the Petitioner hath received no Benefit by the said Act, only, upon the Credit thereof, hath contracted great Debts, for the Support of himself, his Brothers and Sifters, for which lie is threatened to be sued; and, unless relieved by the House, he, and they, it

mull starve: And praying, that their same may be taken into Consideration, and that they may have such Relief, as the House shall think fit. "

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Harley, Mr. AJgill, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Pitfleld, Sir Huftler, Sir Strickland, Sir RujhoutCullen, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Call hr ope, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Freke, Mr. WinSir Gilbert Lord Powlett. Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Juf. Jekyll, Mr.

Topbam, Sir Hen. Lid dull, Mr. Mr. Mason,

Mr. St. John, Mr. Diyden, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Harvey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Francis Masham (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of; and the same was received.

Mr. Topham (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the better securing the Rights of Copies of printed Books; which was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Hampton Lovett, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill depending in the House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, should pass, it will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, who now get a Livelihood by the carrying Coals and Salt to and from Droitwich; which Employ will be loft, if the Brine be conveyed to Severnt, to the Impoverishment of the Petitioners Families, and Disability of paying their Rents: And praying to be heard, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Did Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed; and the same was received.

An ingroft'ed Bill for making the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free Ship, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and, that the Title be. An Act for making the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free Ship.

Ordered, That Sir William Huftler do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered,

Rich's Debt to the Crown.

s

Copy Right of printed Books.

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

Prince SLip.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties,

Union with bcotluud.

Apprehending House-breakers.

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Frauds in Drawbacks.

5 Ann. 28°

Ordered, That the Cdditflissioners of the Custorrii do lay before this Hflufe, ati Accodnt of the Drawbatki and Allowances* Which have b'fceh fluidfc dpbn Eipbrfo-tion of Dying Goods, Naval Stores, Wines,1 and

Brandy, imported between! fHfe 45th Day of December; 1702, and the 2 jth Day Of December; <703, Which paid the additional Impositions, granted by an Act, of tlifc 4th Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mdry, And continued by an1 Act, of the first Year of her prrife'rit Majesty's Reign.

An irigtoffed Bill for an tJnion between' the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, was read the Third time.

The fevetal Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 10. L. 20. Leave out "for," and insert " to."

Pr. it. Lr. r6. Leave out " shall."

12. L. 46: Leave ortt Times," and insert Time."

1*3. L. 9. Leave out of," a'nd ihfert " On."

16. L. 13. Leave out die first "the."

17. L. 20. Leave out " their," and irifert " the." 2io. L. 28s., Leave out " of," and insert " or."

it, L. 13. Leave out " arid," and insert " as." 22. L. ad. After " for" leave out " the."

L. 22. Leave out " Sacrament," and insert " Sacriaments."

25. L. 40. Leave out " Alberbrothockand insert " Abcrbrothock."

26'. L. 22. After " and" insert that,"

27. L i'o. Leave Out *'continue," and insert " contain."

And the same were, upon the Questori severally put thereupon, agreed urito by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas'go forth:

{Mr. Chancellor of Y

Exchequer, / 274.

Mr .{Port ley:*

Tellers for the Noes, Anhefi") j

' (Mr. Casa: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative': Aind, that the Title be. An Act for an Union between the two Kingdoms of ' England and Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defird their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Discovery and apprehending of House-breakers, was committed, be

made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Mirquis of Granby, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Sir Geo. Bedtimont, Mr. Sir John

Whit-wrong, Mr. Wallis, Mr.' W, Mr. Bence, Mr. Maine, Mr.' Pelham, Mr. Verney, Mr. MonSlon, Mr.

Shackerly, Mr: tiarvey, be added to the Corhmittee, to

whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich', in the County of is

committed'.

9 Mar tit. 317

8abb at iy i® dieMartii;

Anno 5* Arini Reginae, 17 Praters.

A BILL to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Rich'*Debt England;Or Commissioners of the Treasury, for to the Cro'vn. the Time being, to compound with Nathaniel,

EsquirC, late Receiver General for the County of EJcx, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lee's Estate. for the enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant, Wis read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Art ingrossed Bill from the Lords', intituled, An Act Maule'* for impowering the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to feme Persons in or ce" England, to administer to Thomas Maule, Esquire, Remembrancer of the said Court, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those requisite to be taken; and subscribed, by the Laws of England, and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said'

Office, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.'

A Petition of Francis Sarsfield, Gentleman, was pre- Sarsfield'* fented to the House, and read, setting forth, that in Estatei 1684 the Petitioner purchased the Lands, called the Maudlins, and the Mill of Clone, in Ireland, from Colonel Patrick Sarsfield, who was afterwards attainted of high Treason, and his Estate forfeited to his late Majesty; who granted the same to Charlotta Vesey, the Wife of Agmondifham Vesey, who procured an Act of Parliament, for purchasing Colonel Sarsfields forfeited Estate from the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, at three Years Purchase, which the Trustees conveyed to Mr. Vesey accordingly; but the said Mill, and Maudlins, is not mentioned in the said Conveyance, the said Trustees having allowed and decreed the Petitioner's Title thereto; and yet the Tenant in Possession refuses to pay the Petitioner any Rent, but defends himself, as claiming under the said Mh Vesey; and though the Petitioner brought an Ejectment against the Tenant, and produced his said Purchase Deed, and Decree, at the Trial, yet one of his Witnesses to the Deed being dead, and the other not to be found, the Petitioner was forced to suffer a Nonfijit:

And praying such' Relief in the Premisses, as shall be thought fit.

Otdered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Baker, is referred; and that Sir, William Ashhurfi, Sir Henry Dutton Colt,

Mr. Diflon, Mr. Egdrton, Mr. Wallis, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Duckett, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Afgill, Mr.

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Baljh, be added to (he Committee, to whom it is referred to examine into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported.

i ( s v

And then the House adjourned till'Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 15.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of Brjjlol, Duties onFifU trading to Newfoundland, vias prefepted to the House, captured, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners fitted out the Ship Greyhound, and had Letters of Mart for her; and in August, 1704, (lie took' at Newfoundland a French Ship, laden with 13,800 Couple of Fish, which were appraised there by the Lord High Admiral Agent, who received £.32. 4 s.for ioths, and his own Fees; and in November following the said Prize was brought to Bristol, and there condemned in the Admiralty Court; and the Petitioners judging, that, by her Majesty's Declaration, all Goods-,' taken from the Enemy, should

4 L pay

Pye's Eft ate.

Payment of Tythes.

Regulating

Servants.

Leave of Alienee.

Privilege.

318

pay Duties as Plantation Goods, they fold 8,000 Couple of the Fish at Bristol, and about Ten Months after, for want of Sale, the remaining 5,800 perished, and were carried out to Sea, and there funk, at the Petitioners Charge: That the Collector of the Customs hath lately demanded a Duty, of near 26 on every Sixty Couple of the said Fishj as well for those funk, as fold; which amounts to above 150 more than the Petitioners received for Ship and Cargo, besides £. 40 expended in maintaining 20 Prisoners. taken in the Prize: That, if the said Duty had been demanded on the Ship's Arrival (which neither the Collector, nor the Petitioners, thought to be due) no Part of the Fish should have been landed: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Henry Pye, Esquire, to make a Jointure, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Parker (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the better setting forth, and Payment, of Tythes j and the same was received, and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j 6SI.

Tellers for the NoesJ ^]r' , 54.

'(Mr. Molesworth: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Tokereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the better regulating Servants, and paying their Wages, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Payne have Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to

25

A. 1706,

them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against IVyriott Owen, Esquire (a Member of this House)

and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the , Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, in arresting John Higgins, Steward to IVyrriot , Esquire (a Member of the House) by Joseph Tivycr, Samuel 'Thomas, and Jan.es IVUffin, at the Suit of Thomas Christopher

Coke, and Thomas Kilpin.

That the Fact was admitted, as to the Arrest.

That, to make good the Complaint, several Witnesses were examined, to prove John Higgins Steward to Mr. Owen.

Mr. John Griffith laid, that on , the 8th

of January last, he gave Notice to the Bailiffs (having then in their Custody the said Mr. Higgins) that Mr. Higgins was Mr. Owen's Servant; and the Bailiffs said they could not discharge him, without Mr. Ford's Order: And that afterwards he went to Mr. Ford, and informed him, as he had done the Bailiffs; and Mr. Ford refused to give any Order for his Discharge, laying, Mr. Higgins might take his Course; or Words to that Effect.

Mr. Griffith, Mr. Cozens, said, that they did know, that Mr. Higgins had lived with Mr. Owen, and his Father, Sir Hugh Owen, as their Servant, for 15 or 16 Years last past, and particularly with Mr. for two

Years last past: And Cozens laid, before he came to Town, he had gone with Mr. Higgins to several of Mr. Owen's Tenants, and fee him receive the Rents.

That it was admitted, that Mr. Higgins did not live with Mr. Owen at the Time of Ins being arrested.

That, on the other Side, tojuftify the Persons complained against, several Witnesses were called:

Mr. Richard Natt; who laid, he had known Mr. Higgins 5 or 6 Years; and that he had a House, ever since October was 12 Months, in St. JM«'s Court, and lived there: That he always looked upon him as a Merchant, he appearing every Day upon the Exchange; and that they had been concerned together in a Sloop; and some time since Mr. Higgins told him, he was going to Wales, to remove his Effects.

That, to corroborate his Evidence, two Letters of Mr. Higgins were produced; in one of which he desired Mr. Natt to insure£.1,200, in the other 300 upon two Ships at Sea.

That a Bill of Loading was also produced, by which. Mr. Higgins had Goods assigned to him.

Mr. IVII/iam Carwitty ttlbfied, that he fee a Gold-smith's Bill, for £. 100 delivered to Mr. Higgins-, and, he believed Mr. Higgins received the Money.

Mr. Roger Aldy was also examined, who gave an Account, that Mr. Higgins was arrested on the first of January; and on the 3d he went to him: That Mr. Higgins said, he had a Paper amongst Mr. Owen's Writings, by which he had Privilege; but he did not care to make the Matter publitk, and so desired Mr. Aldy to procure him Bail. Mr. Aldy said, accordingly he did procure two sufficient Persons to be Bail to the Action; but then the Bailiffs produced two other Warrants; and then Mr. Aldy advised him to send to Mr. Owen.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Higgins is such a Servant to Wyrriott Owen, Esquire (a Member of this House) as is intitled to Privilege of Parliament.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Ford, Christopher Coke, and Thomas Kilpin, in causing the said John Higgins to be arrested at their Suits, in the Time of Privilege of Parliament, are guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

3. Resolved,

i0 Martii.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Regulating Six Clerks Office.

5 Ann. i° — 3°

j. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Joseph Tvoycrojfe, Samuel Thomas, and James Wilson, in arresting the said John Higgins, at the Suits of Thomas Ford, Christopher Coke, and T in the Time of

Privilege of Parliament, are guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The first Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The ad Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, by inserting the Word " and, " after the Word " Ford,' and to leave out " and Thomas ."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That Tho. Ford and Christopher Coke, in causing the said John Higgins to be arrested at their Suits, in the Time of Privilege of Parliament, are guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of this House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after the Word " Ford," the Word " and, " and to leave out " and Thomas Kilpin."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That Joseph Twycroffe, Samuel Thomas, and James Wilson, in arresting the said John Higgins, at the Suits of Thomas Ford and Christopher Coke, in the Time of Privilege of Parliament, are guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Ford be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Christopher Coke be, for his laid Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Twycrojfe be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Samuel Thomas be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said James Wilson be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, who were to consider of the Abuses, relating to, or arising from, the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, of the City of London (formerly presented to the House) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to repeal a Clause in the Act, of the Twenty-first of King James the First, by which Persons are to be Bankrupts, if they do not pay within six Months after an Arrest.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do except Farmers, Grafiers, and Drovers, out of the Laws of Bankruptcy.

A Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court, was read a Second time.

Vol. 15.

Martii. 319

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a List of the Fees of the Ninety Clerks, of the Six Clerks Office, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they do leave out of the Bill the Clause for reducing Ninety Clerks, as they die, to their former Number of Sixty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing the Ninety Clerks of the Six Clerks Office, as they die, to their former Number of Sixty; and that Mr. Harvey, Mr. Peyton, and Mr. Pocklington, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce,30 die Martii;

Anno 5* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

A BILL for the better Discovery of the Estate of John Aynsworth, late of London, Merchant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Montagu, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir John Sir

Robert Eden, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Caltbrop, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Medlecot, Mr. Lowther, Sir Hen. Colt, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Diston, Sir Wm. Mr.

Coivper, Mr. S hacker ley, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Mr.

Pedley; and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Relief of Katherine Harris, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Katherine Harris was referred: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Wooborne, in the County of Bedford, without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch have Leave to go in the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highway between Fornbill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press a. L. 2. before " Esquire" to insert " William Norclidf."

And

Reducing Clerks in Six Clerks Office.

State of Trade.

Aynsworth'g

Estate.

Karris'

Estate.

Hockliffe

Road.

Leave of Absence.

Fornhill

Road.

330

3° Mart'u.

A. 1705.

And the same was, upon the Questfon put thereupon, agreed unto by the fioufe $and tW Bill amended 3kt the Tabie accordingly.

Rejb(ve4, That the Bill do pass; ap.d that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highway between Born-hill, in the County of , and the Town. of Stoney

Stratford\in the County of Ordered, That Sir John dot carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Eicon's Mr. Take repotted from the Committee, to whom the Estate. gin ta enable the Trustees of William Elfon, an Infont, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Father's Debts on Specialties, was committed; that they had examined; the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Contents to the Bill', to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and> afterwards delivered* in at- the Clerk's Table; where the fame, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Obliging Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) presented to Bishop to the House, a Bill to oblige Henry Bishop, and his Ac-surrender complices, to surrender themselves, together with the Company! Books and Effects of the Royal African Company; and the same was received.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Expiring Ordered, That all the Members, who. serve for the I*aw*' Counties of Kent, Sitfex, and Southampton, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring, and to report, what are fit to be revived, or continued,

Punishing A, Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3d and Mutiny and 4th Year? oFher Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Dsfertion. pufliChipg MutjnyandPefertion, and falseMuller*,.and> for the better Payment, of the Army, and . Quarters, was read;a Second time.

Resolv.ed.iThat, the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the- Bill be committed to a. Committee of the whole House,

Rtfolyed., That, this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods, continuing and Merchandizes, and t such of the Duties upon stampt Dutiu. Vejlom, Parchment, and Paper, as. are therein mentionedj*asd for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and bjy, the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to -be fold, for- raising.a/urther Supply,.to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, was. read the Second time.

Resolved, That tfre. Bjj] be. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolytd,'Tha.t this, H4ufe will, upon Wednesday Morning.ne$k refolye;itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon. the faic) Bilk.

Ordered, That it be an, Iostruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for. paying the Duties on Wines in one gross Sum, and afterwards paying the same into the Exchequer according to the Proportions of the.Fund, and for -ascertaining the Wine Meafore.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Harley reported to the House, that

Address. their Address of Wednesd; last ..(relating to the Riots and Turpults at. Taunto, Tiverton, and Bristol, and that her Majesty would be pleased to give Directjpns,.

Delays in buits.

for detesting, and pfofecuting, the Offenders, and for fqppressing of all such Assemblies, and riotous Proceedings) havuig been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that foe had given drift and aecessary Directions for prosecuting the Offenders.

Sir Thomas Travell (according to Order) attending in Privilege-!* his Place; a Suit aSa;c"

The Petition of Mary Harris, Wife of Harris, a Member-

Esquire, was read; setting forth, that Sir Thomas Hodgfen, the Petitioner's late Father, settled his Lands in with, in Yorkshire, upon Trustees, for Payment of £. 100 per Annum to the Petitioner, for Life, and since her Marriage the same are settled, for her separate Maintenance: That Sir The. Travell married the Petitioner's Sifter, to whom Part of the said Estate was deviled by h.er Father's Willand the said Trustees have assigned their Trust to Sir Thomas, who. is gotten into- Possession of the said Estate, and refules. to pay the Petitioner's Annuity; and there being about two Years Arrear, (he brought her Ejectment, for Recovery thereof, at last York Assizes; and Sir Thomas Travell' % Attorney agreed, under his Hand, to produce the said Settlement at the Trial; and that it should be read.;, but when the Petitioner's Attorney brought down, the Record, Sir Thomas refused tostand to the said Agreement; so that the Petitioner could not go on to Trial, and was put to £.15 Charges to no Purpose; and now Sir Tho. infills on his Privilege: And praying, that she may have Leave to proceed at Law against the said Sir Tho. , for Recovery

of her said Annuity, notwithstanding his Privilege.

And Sir Thomas Travell wzs heard thereupon.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, was (according to Older) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to> Apprehend-whom the Bill for the encouraging the difoovery and ing House-apprehending of House-hreakers, was, committed, be breakers* made upon Thursday M-camn^ next.

A Petition of Nathaniel Carpenter, James Fordham, Duty on Tho. Ward, Charles Williams, Wm. Langmore;. Robert Upholilery. Hall, Nathaniel Tr ought on, and Jo on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the U.pholfterers of England, was presented to the House, and read; , setting: forth, that all the Duties upon Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom have been taken off, and yet, when made up into Furniture foe; Houses, pay a Duty of £.5 per Centum, and thatc

several foreign Commodities, as Ddtnalk, Sarcenet

CaJlicoes, £sV. when exported, have great Drawback's allowed, and yet, when made up; into Furniture;' with; the Additions of, Lace, Fringe, Joiners Work, Idc. have no Drawback, and pay a Duty of 5 per' . which occasions many Merchants to export them iunmanufactured; whereby many poor Families in-.this Kingdom 4ofe . their Employs,. and Foreigners reap, the:

Benefit thereof: And praying, that all the Woollen and; other Commodities, made up: into^Upholilery Goods, may have a free Exportation, and the Duty of£. 5 per Cent, taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition: be, referred to a iCommitteeof the whole House, who. are to consider further of: the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Harvey (according to Order) presented to the Reducing House, a Bill for reducing the Number of Sworn Clerks Clerks in

in the Six Clerks Office; and the same was received. Six Clerks.

Office.

The.House (according to Order) resolved itself into a~ state of Committee of the whole House, to consider. further of Trade, the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr.

5 Ann. 3° — 4*

321

Mr/ Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mariis, 4.0 Martii;

Anno 5* Annas Regina:, 1706.

Prayers.

Maule's \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

qualifying Jy\ for impowering the Barons of the Court of Ex-for Office. chequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in England to administer to ‘Thomas , Esquire,

Remembrancer of the said Court, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those requisite to be taken, and subscribed, by the Laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

lington, Sir Henry Dutton , Mr. Mr. Mu/-

grave Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr. Peyton, Mr. Diflon,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Sir John Mordaunt.

Sir Harvey Elwes, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Cha, Turner, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Squire, Mr. Fulham, Mr. Borlace, Mr. Rowney, Mr.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill for the better recruiting her Ma- ftecrahing jesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year 1707, the Land was read the Third time. forces.

The several Amendments following were severally pro-pored to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 10. Leave out " two," and insert three.'*

4. L. 2. Leave out " lifted," and insert " lift-

" in&"

6. L. 19. Leave out have," and insert live."

7. L. 2. Leave out " two," and insert three.*,

L. 19. Leave out suspecting," and insert

suspected."

And the same were upon the Questlon severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1707.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the ds, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr.

Medlicot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vetting the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton CottonHuufe House, in Westminster; to which the Lords desire the Crown. Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Building whom the Bill for making the Acts more effectual, for Churches in appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages, there, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act yetting for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton Cotton House House, in Westminster, was read the First time. indie Crown.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Copy Right A Bill for the better securing the Rights of Copies of of printed printed Books, was read a Second time.

Books. Reftdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. An Mr. AJb, Sir Hum. Mack-voorth, Mr. AJgill, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Cox, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Coke, Mr. Diston, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Wentworth, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Fulham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Swift, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Cefar, Mv. Harvey, Mr. Dowd/well, Mr. Caltbrop, Mr. Parker, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Churchill, Sir Nick. Morris, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Vernon; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered,\That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to enforce the Laws of King Charles the Second, for delivering Books to her Majesty's Library and the two Universities, and for delivering another Book to the Cottonian Library.

Sheppard- A Bill for repairing the Highways between Sheppard-shord, &c. shord and the Devtfes, and between Ashligton Hill and Roads. Roud Ford, in the County of Wilts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Crojfe, Merchant, was prefen ted CroflVs Debt to the House, and read; letting forth that, the Petitioner totho Crown, has traded very considerably, and paid great Sums to the Crown, and has by the present War suffered great Losses, whereby he is become incapable to discharge his whole Arrears due to her Majesty for Customs: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England to accept a Composition for the Debt, due from the Petitioner for Customs.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Charles Turner, Sir Cha.

Hedges, Mr. Bacon, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Skippon, Mr.

Compton, Sir Fra. Maftam, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Vincent, Sir Nicholas Morris,

Mr. Pedley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Grevill, Mr. Take, Mr.

Poultney, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Thomgfon-, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Swift, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Hevfham, Mr.

Rowney, and all, that serve for London and r* And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Fy s Efiat*. An ingrossed Bill to enable Henry , Esquire, to make a Jointure, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Henry , Esquire, to make a Jointure.

V©L. 15.

A Bill to oblige Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, obliging to surrender themselves, together with the Books and Bishop to Effects of the Royal African Company, was read the First surrender time. to A,ricatt

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Company.

4 M Ordered,

4 — 5

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Medlicot:

Mr. Speaker,

Fitch's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling Part of the Estate of William Fitch, Esquire, lying in the County of Dorsetin Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sillers Portion, and other Debts, and for preserving the residue free from all Power of Walle, and for settling certain Tythes in the Isle of Wight to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Price and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

i110" w‘th The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland for an tJnion between the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, without any Amendment.

'And then the Messengers withdrew.

Demands on The House (according to Order) proceeded in the Col. Rice. Examination of the Matter of the Petition of Captain Morgan O Brien, on behalf of himself, and of Captain Kennedy O Brien, Captain Garret Fitz , andjheir

Subalterns, and other Officers.

And Captain Morgan O Brien being called in; the Petition was read, and he was heard thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And several Letters, annexed to the Petition, were read; and also several Obligations, delivered in‘by the Petitioner.

And he was also called in again, and asked several Questions; and then withdrew.

After which Colonel Rice was called in several Times, and examined. And he delivered in a Writing, sighed and sealed by Sir Thomas Pendergajl and Morgan 0 Brien. And then he withdrew.

And the said Writing was read.

' Afterwards the said Colonel Rice, and Captain Morgan O Brien, and one Daniel Choke, were called in, and examined.

And then they withdrew.

And then the House came to this Resolutionr Whereas there was, the last Session of Parliament, granted to Colonel John Rice the Sum of£.i 1,420. 17 s.

6 d.alleged by him to be paid in discharge of Arrears,

due to his Regiment, and for Quarters, and the Loss of ‘ Horses; but, upon Examination of the Matter of the ' Petition of Captain Morgan O Brien, and others, it appearing to this House, that there is reason to believe,

the said Money was not by him so paid j ' - Ordered, That Leave be given'to bring in a Bill to oblige the &\&John Rise to account for the said Money, and to* subject his Perfofi, and Estate, for accounting for, and Payment of, the fame; and that Mr. Harley, the Lord Coningsby, Sir Godfre Mr. Bromley, Mr. Musgrave, Lord Windsor, Mr. Annejley, Sir Wm, Strickland, and Sir Richard Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.-

Baker's Ordered, That Mr. Annesley, Mr. Medlicott, Colonel . Relief. Godfrey, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mr. Pilfield, Mr.

Duncb, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Baker is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martti. A. 170

Mercurii, 50 die Mar t'

Anno 5 Anna Regina, 1766;

Prays rs.

A PETITION of the Freeholders, Proprietors in Droitwich Salt Works separate from that erf the old Salt Pita, Salt sPnD»fc and of Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, on the

behalf of themselves, and others, that are concerned in and about the manufacturing of Salt at Droitwich aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth^ that there being a Bill in the House for the betterpreserving the ancient. Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, which is- designed to convey Brine from Droitwich to the River Severne in Pipes, to be there manufactured into Salt; the Petitioners conceive, such Conveyance will not only depopulate-the. said Town, and make their Houses and Lands of small Value, but ruin their Trade and Commerce, and give a great Latitude for the fraudulent conveying away of Salt, without paying the Duty, and thereby may undersell the remaining Works of the said Town: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

A Petition of Francis Stonehouse, Esquire, was pre" Sheppard* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there &c' is a Bill in the House, for, repairing the Highways be- 03 *' tween Sheppard-fltord and the Devises, in the County of

Wilts, which, if it should pass into a Law, as it now Hands, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioner: And praying, that-he may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass, or. otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

*- t

Ordered, That it be an Ipstruction to the Committee, Copy Rigty to whom the Bill for the Better securing the Rights of of printed Copies of printed Books* is committed, that they do pro- Book*-- vide, that one Book may. be delivered to the Library of SyonCollege in the City of London.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Aq Act Thomeur't for naturalizing. John Thomeur, and others, was read the &c-NaL 'Firsttime.. -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Ldrds, intituled, An Act Fitch't for vetting Part of the Estate oi W Pitch, Esquire, Estate.

lying in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifter's Portion, and other Debts, and for preserving the residue free from all Power of Waste, and for settling certain Tythes in the IfleoF Wight to the same TJfes, was read the Firsttitne, '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard

and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker, "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for enlarging the pa)r ;nt# Passage, leading to New Palace Yard through the Gate- New Pake« house, Westmittfter, without any Amendments. Yard.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Eng- Rich's Debt land, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time to the Crown, being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, Esq.utre, late Receiver General for the County of was; read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Mafltam, Sir William Ashhvrft, Mr. Mason, Mr. Ped-ley, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Thomtf Sir Cha. Turner,

in Mr.

5 Ann. 5° Mar tit. 323

Mr. Palmes, Sir Richard Sir Rujbout

Sir John Whitwfang, Mr.. Tates, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Hampden, Mr.. Bromley, Mr, Batch, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Harvey, Mr. IVlollaflon.

Sir Wm. Ifuftler, Sir Hep. Colt, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hard.

tVaftnyes, Sir Jo. WoolftenhaIm Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Barker: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Building Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) reported

Ireland68 ^rom t^ie Commktee, to whom the Bill for snaking Ie uu ' the Acts more effectual, for appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor-Vicarages, there, was committed j that they had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fo. 5. L. 4. to leave out " therefore it was ordered," and instead thereof to tinfert " whereas it was likewise u intended."

And the lamC was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by -the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with -the Amendments, be ingrossed, - '*:: ' -

Sufferers in A Petition of several Proprietors. of-Plantations in the Nevis and Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers, in and

pherhnft°" - Merchants trading to the fame, on behalf of themselves, r3‘ and other,'the-Inhabitants, and . Traders to the said Islands,-was-presented to the House, and.read; letting forth, that'in February and Malaft the landed on the said' 'lfl'ands,.and burnt, and deftrdyed-most of the Houses, Buildings,* and Plantations, and carried away Goods and Merchandizes, to the Dafnag-e of the Inhabitants above £. 500,000, which is also greater in its Consequences ' to England, - which will lose at lead £. 150,000 per Annum, whilst the said Islands continue in their present ruinous Condition; and, without some extraordinary Assistance, a total Desertion is much to be

feared, nine Parts in Ten of the Inhabitants being reduced to the greatest Poverty, and those few, that are in any CircumstanceS of resettling, can never think of - doing it in deserted and ruined Islands; who hope, a Re-establishment of so many industrious Subjects will appear a Charity, worthy of Parliament, and in a few Years will repay, with good Interest, what shall be advanced for that Purpose i And praying the House to compassionate their distressed Condition, and do an Act of the highest Charity, to relieve the Petitioners^ they being ready to make such Proposals, as will promote the Interest of the Nation, and the Encrease of the Revenue, and will in no wife interfere with any of the prefect important Occasions of the Publick.

And Mr. Secretary acquainted the House, that , her Majesty bad bee.n acquainted with the Matter of the Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said- Petkion be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and receive such Proposals, as shall be offered to them, and to report the same to the House j And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Harley, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Daynes, Sir Wm.

Aflihurst, Mr.- St. John, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Tates, Mr. Foley,-'Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir, Cha. Hedges, Mr.

Lord Windsor, Mr. Newport, Mr. Mr. Vernon,

Mr- Maine, Mr. Lowndes, Bir Fran, Maflam, Mr. Squire, Mr. Compton, Mn Medlicot, Mr.

Mr. Peyton, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Bere, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Coatjworth: And they Vo l. 15.

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the.

Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Delays, and Vexatious Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, be read a Second Su,ts* time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Discharging discharging small Vicarages of First fruits and Tenths,.' Vicarage of and the Arrears thereof; and that the Lord Coningsby,. First Fruits.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Vernon, and Mr. Ireton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mailers, Wardens, and Company, Foreign of Gun-makers, of the City of London, was prefen ted made Guns, to the House, and read; fetfing forth, that the Petitioners have always chearfully, to their utmost Abilities, furnished her Majesty's Stores with Fije-arms, for which there is now due to them near£. 30,000. That, if the Petitioners were paid the said Debt, or such Part, as might enable them to pay their Workmen, they could furnish the Government with 30,000 Arms every Six Months, if required: That, for want of Money to carry on their Trade, and give fresh Credit, the Petitioners have had no Work; yet 10,600 Arms have been made in Holland, and marked with her Majesty's Cypher, and 10,000 more are bespoke there, for the Stores in Ireland; betides, other Arms are now made, or making the re, for several English. Regiments/ to the great Loss of the said Manufacture in (which

excels ail Europe in making Arms) and Improvement thereof Abroad, to the Encouragement of Foreigners, and Discouragement of the said Art here, many poor Workmen being ready to starve for want of Employment; which is of that dangerous Consequence, that, if the Government should have any sudden Occaflqn for Arms, it may be too late to get Workmen, when they are following their Trade abroad, or have left it off at home (as a great many have already done) to get their Bread by feme other Employment: And praying, that their same may be con fid red, and that .16 useful a Manufacture may not be loft to England.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be relcrred to a Committee, toexamine the Matter thereof,

and report the same to the House; . '

And it is referred to ‘Sir Wm^ Aflihurst, Sir Goff, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Bridges, Mr. M*\ Muff

grave, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Boyle, Mr. St.

John, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Tho. Littelton, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr Tates, Sir Walter Ten?, Sit J. Banks, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Mr. Peyton,

Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Calthrop, Mr, Lifter,

Mr. Windsor, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Squire, Mr. ' Cu'affworih:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at'Five a CJqck, in the Speaker's Chamber j and haye Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.1 *. Committees.

-A Petition of John Earl of AandPrivilege of Countess of Anglesey, his Wife, and the Lady Elizabeth a Member in Stanley, was presented to the House, and read; letting a ^uit‘ forth, that the said Countess and Lady Eliz. are the Coheirs of the late Earl of Derby; and Disputes have arisen between the Petitioners,' and Charles Stanley,

Esquire (a Member of this House) as Executor of the late Countess of Derby, his Mother, and otherwise, relating to the said Earl's Estate: and several Suits being commenced,-and a Gause ready for Trial at last Lancaster Assizes, a Reference was entered into, and Articles were executed between the Petitioners, and Mr.". whereby he expressly covenanted to wave all Privilege of Parliament, that he then had, or might after have, to all Suits touching the real or personal Estate of the said Earl, that was or should be brought against him by the Petitioner: Thereupon the said Trial was wayed.

Drawback!*

324 50 — 6° Mart A. 1706.

and the Reference is Cnee determined, without Effect, and the Petitioners are endeavouring to proceed in the said Causes; but Mr. Stanly hath caused the Petitioners Agents to be served with Papers under his Hand, thereby requiring them to take notice, that he infills on his Privilege: And praying, that Mr. Stanley may not be at liberty to resume his Privilege, so wayed by him under his Hand, as aforesaid.

Ordered That the ConCderation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, JTYa!t the Matter of the said Petition be heard by the Cud Committee upon Friday next, in the Afternoon.

Mr. Lowndes, fom the Commissioners of the Customs,

presented to the House their Report, pursuant to the Order of the 28 th Day of February last, relating to the Drawbacks upon the additional Duties.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Report is as followed); viz.

To the honourable the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 28th Day of February last, directing the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House, an Account of the Drawbacks and Allowances, which have been made upon the Exportation of Dying Goods, Naval Stores, French Wines, and Brandy, imported between the 25th Day Of December, 1702, and the 25th Day of December, 1705, which pay the additional Impositions, granted by an Act, in the 4th Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and continued by an Act, of the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, we have directed such Accounts to be drawn out; but, lead (as it requires a great deal of Time, and Labour, to do it exactly) they should not be perfected soon enough, to answer the Expectation of this honourable House, we pray Leave to offer, in the mean time, the Abstract, annexed of the net Payment into the Exchequer, from the Custom-house, on the said additional ImpoGtions, in the four Years last past, with a Medium of the Whole, and how much thereof received in London, and how much in the Out-ports; as also, what Debentures, Allowances, and other Payments, have been made in London out of this Branch, during the said four Years: And admitting, that the Sum of £. 26,583. 6s. lid. mentioned in Dr. Account, lately

presented to this honourable House, has been the gross annual Produce of the four enumerated Articles only of the French Wine, Brandy, Naval Stores, and Dying Goods, in this Branch, and that the Debentures, and Allowances, in the Out-ports, answer in the like Proportion, as the same Payments have done in London, or not of the whole Receipt s we are humbly of Opinion, that the leaving out these four Articles (if that should be thought of in the Continuation of this Fund) would be such a Diminution of it, that the rest would not suffice to answer the Credit of the Annuities, now proposed to be raised thereupon for the publick Service.

Which is humbly submitted to this honourable House.

Jo. Werden,

Custom-house, London. C. Godolphin,

4 March, 170-f. Sam.

Y.

The laid annexed Abstract is as follows j viz.

A11 ACCOUNT of the Payments into the Exchequer, on the new and additional ImpoGtions, from Chrijhnas, 1702, to Christmas, 1706.

£ S. d.

In the Year ending at7 ns

Clmjhms, 170, - I*1'*4* "

At Christmas, 1704 - - 51,165 19 5!

At Christmas, 1705 - - 28,906 9 — J The Medium,

At Christmas, 1706 - - 30,801 10 9! or i

149,416 10 7 37.354 7*

Whereof,

In the Port of London 105,889 13 if

Out-ports - - - - 43,526 17 5f

149,416 10 7

The total Receipt - 172,222 16 7!

The total Payment- - 22,806 6 — f

Exchequer - - - 149,416 10 7

Hen. Feme, Receiver General.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Yellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had madefome Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to oblige Henry and

his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, together with the Books and Effects of the Royal African Company, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis 6* die Martii j Anno 5* Annas Regina;, 1706.

Pa a r e a s.

<yO H N Guerard, Jacob C -J phen La Cruize, and Samuel took the

Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Weolafton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Baker, eldest Son of Colonel Henry Baker, late Governor of Londonderry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, on behalf of himself, his Mother, Brother, and Sifters, was referred; that they had examined the Matter thereof j and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth 1 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Petitioners; and that Mr.

the

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

Obliging Bishop to surrendep t? African Company.

Bakei'i

Relief.

Foreign-fcnade Guns.

Hertford

lloads.

Fees of Six ClerksOdice.

Obliging Bishop to surrender to AfricanCom-pany.

5 Ann. 6° Martii.

325

the Lord William Powlet, the Lord Coningsby, and Mr, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to Peyton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Gun-makers is referred, that they do enquire into any Abuses in relation to the making of Guns: And that Sir John Packing ton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Foley, Sir Sam. Garret,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Moor, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Bridges, Sir Newland, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Palmes, Mr. D Sir Robert Eden,

Colonel King, Mr. Cardinally Mr. Bliffe, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lowther, be added to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Mr. Flic cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Ad?, formerly made, for repairing of the Highways in the County of ,without any

Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that some of the Ninety Clerks of the Six Clerks Office attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Table of the Fees of the sworn Clerks of the Court of Chancery.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Tabteoffees is as followeth;

FOR every Cause in Agitation, a termly £. s. d.

Fee of - - - - 34

For every Attachment, and Attachment with

Proclamation, or Diflringas - - _ ----- ----- ----- ----- -----2 —

For all Copies of Pleadings and Records in

the said Court, per Sheet - - - — "4.

For every Commission of Rebellion - - — 4 —

For every Commission, to answer, or to ex-

* amine Witnesses, and every joining in

Commission to examine Witnesses - - — 6 8

For every special Writ, or Commission, made

by Order of the Court - 10 —

For every Writ of Execution of an Order, of one or two Sides, and proportionably according to the Length thereof - - — 6 8

For drawing every Decree, and Dismission, per Fol. - — — 8

For inrolling every Decree, and Dismission, per Fol. - — 8

For every Execution upon a Decree, per Skin 168 For drawing and ingrossing every Injunction,

and Docquet for the same - - - — 13 4

For every Exemplification of a Record, per

Skin - - - 128

For every special Certiorari or Procedendo,

Habeas Corpus or Ne exeat Regnum, in a Cauledepending in the said Court - - — 6 8

Cha. Bayliffe, IV. Webb,

W,illiam Stanton, Richard Snozv.

Ordered, That the said Table of Fees do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to oblige Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, together with the Books and Effects of the Royal African Company, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Take, Mr. , Mr.

Peyton, Mr .'Conyers, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr.

Duckett, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Moor, Mr.

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Wynn, Mr. England, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Yates, Mr. Swift, Sir Wm. Ashhurst^ Mr. York, Mr. Jenens, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Heysham', Vox.. 15.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, Maulc'* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, qualifying An Act for impowering the Barons of the Court of for 0flice* Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in England, to administer to Thomas Maulc,

Esquire, Remembrancer of the said Court, the ul'ual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those requisite to be taken, and subscribed, by the Laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said Office, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and -pin^ute* Commonalty, of the Company of Tin-plate workers, alias Wire-workers, of London, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Artificers of the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that formerly the Duty on single Tin Plates was but Eight Pence per Hundred, and the double is. c^d. per

Hundred; but by several additional Duties the same have been advanced' to 5J. 3d. and 10 6d. per

Hundred, to continue till the Year 1710 j until which Time the Petitioners (knowing the Necessity of Money, for carrying on the War) have willingly Submitted to pay the said Duties, though they have been extremely prejudicial to their Trade in general: That the Petitioners apprehend, the said additional Duties are likely (amongst others) to be continued from 1710, for the Term of Ninety-six Years: And praying, that they may . be heard, what they have to offer against the further Continuance of the said Duties after the Year 1710.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petitior be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for (ettling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, is committed.

A Petition of Alexander Pendarvis, was presented to pendarvi* the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Eft*t*. Parliament, for making Provision for the Prolestant Children of the Earl o( Clanricard and the Lord Bophin, the Trustees therein named, were required to raise, out of the Estate of the Lord Bophin, the Sum of £. 5,000 and Interest at £. 8 per Cent, and to pay the same to the Petitioner, as the Marriage Portion of his Wife, who was the only Protestant Child of the Earl of Clanricard: That by another Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, the Estate of the said Lord Bophin (by reason £. 25,000 was not paid, pursuant to the Directions of the said former Act) is vetted in her Majesty, for the Use of the Publick, subject to the Payments in the first-recited Act: That a small Part of the said £.25,000 is yet unpaid, and no Part of the Petitioner's Debt is paid, which at Christmas last amounted to £.6,100; and the Petitioner being unwilling to commence any Suit against the said Estate, for Recovery thereof, he prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees to fell so much of the said

4 N Estate,

32(5

6* Ma

A. 170

Estate, as will pay the Petitioner the said £. 5,000 and Interest, or that he may be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been made acquainted with the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Baker was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that Mr. Mr.

Meddlicot, Mr. IVindJor, Mr. Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

MafUey, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Nick. , be added to the said Committee.

Importing An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the 1 Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as r* 'ace*' they relate to such Laces, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to allow the Importation of Lace, made in the Dominions of the French King, or any Places in the Possession of the Duke of Anjou.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to repeal all the Laws, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Lace, made of Thread.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Lords Anf*a House, that the Lord Great Chamberlain, by Order of to the Lords, hath taken care, that the Passages to«their House, and the Lobby, be made clear.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Apprehend-whom the Bill for the encouraging the Discovery and j"g apprehending of House-breakers, was committed, be hreakera* received upon Monday Morning next.

State of Trade.

Delays is

Suits.

Message to Lord*; —

Resolved, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to Pafla e to be accluaml that the Lobby of their Lordships House, keptdear. and the Passages, are usually so crouded, that it is very inconvenient for the House of Commons to come up, when her Majesty commands them; and to desire, that the Passages may be kept clear upon all such Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Strickland do go with the said Message.

Eifpofiig of A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

the Mewes. 'Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better

enabling her Majesty to dispose of the Buildings and Ground, called the Mewes, for the building Stables for her Majesty in a more convenient Place;

It passed in the Negative.

Regulating Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better regulat-Servants. ing Servants, and paying their Wages, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Reducing A Bill for reducing the Number of sworn Clerks in Cjerk*‘n Six six Clerks Office, was read the First time, erks ce. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preservation of Game.

Regulating Six Clerks Office.

Punishing Mutiny and Deicrtion.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Preler-vation of the Game, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning fcext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Office.

The House resolved itself into a Committee , of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falle Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Moor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Moor reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amead-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

A Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. AJon, Deputy Royal A (Tut Gentleman Usherof the Black Rod: to Bilk.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty t And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland; and to the several publick and ptivate Bills following:

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons:

An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Wooborne, in the County of Bedjord:

An Act for continuing the Acts, formerly made, for repairing of the Highways in the County of Hertjord:

An Act for enlarging the Passage, leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehouse, Westminster':

An Act for Relief of Sir John , of the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Baronet:

An Act for naturalizing Philip Vinden Enden, Merchant:

An Act for making the Ship Supply a free Ship:

An Act for impowering the Barons' of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to grant a Commission to some Persons in England, to administer to Thomas Mawle,

Esquire, Remembrancer of the said Court, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those re-quisite to be taken, and subscribed, by the Laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said Office:

And afterwards to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; which he had obtained a Copy of, and he read as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

IT is with the greatest Satisfaction, that I have given my Assent to a Bill for uniting England and Scotland into one Kingdom.

I consider

QueenV

p«ecli.

Address on

Queen's

Speech.

Queen's Speech to be confide red.

Rich's Debt to the Crown.

\ Copy Right of printed Rooks.

5 Ann. 6° — 79 Martii. 327

I consider this Union as a Matter of the greatest Importance to the Wealth, Strength, and Safety, of the whole Island, and at the same time as a Work of so much Difficulty and Nicety in its own Nature, that, till now, all Attempts, which have been made towards it in the course of above a Hundred Years, have proved ineffectual; and therefore I make no doubt, but it will be remembered and spoke of hereafter to the Honour of those, who have been instrumental in bringing it to such a happy Conclusion.

I'desire, and expect, from all my Subjects of both Nations, that from henceforth they act with all possible Respect and Kindness to one another; that so it may appear to all the World, they have Hearts disposed to become one People.

This will be a great Pleasure to me, and will make us all quickly sensibleof the good Effect of this Union.

And I cannot but look upon it as a peculiar Happiness, that in my Reign so full a Provision is made for the Peace and Quiet of my People, and for the Security of our Religion, by so firm an Establishment of the Protestant Succession throughout Great Britain.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I take this Occasion to remind you of making effectual Provision for the Payment of the Equivalent to Scotland within the Time appointed by this Act; and I am persuaded, you will thew as much Readiness in this Particular, as you have done in all the other Parts of this great Work.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Season of the Year being now pretty far advanced, I hope you will continue the same Zeal, which has appeared throughout this Session, in dispatching what yes remains unfinished of the publick Business before you.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House for her Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne this Day to both Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address;

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Chan-chellor of Exchequer, Sir Wm. , Mr. Secretary Harley, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Littleton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Lord Powlett, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Hawles, Lord Coningsby, Mr. , Mr. Poult-

ney, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Compton, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Doddington, Sir Wm. St. Mr.

Wyld, Mr. Harley, Sir Cha.Turner: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Veneris, 70 die Martii;

Anno 5® Annas Reginae, 1706.

Praters.

<y O HN Deer, James Chatene De Roche, Rupert Beck,

J Peter Lewis Regneau, Gabriel Mozel, James Jame^ Hebert, Peter Antho. Thiolet, Lewis Marlyn,

Isaac Delpeeh, John May, Abrah. Mitchell, John Jigang, Paul Palliet, John Tills, Christopher Fred. Pruyf-man, Christian Hanmers, took the Oaths appointed, m order to their Naturalization.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, Rich's Debt to whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Trea- to the Crown. surer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich,

Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Essex, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report.to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lo^d Coningsby (according to Order) presented to Discharging the House, a Bill for discharging small Vicarages of Vicarages of First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof; and £‘5® Fru,t8> the same was received.

Ordered, That all Committees-be revived.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees of Wm. an Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Father's Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Trustees of William Elfon, an Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Father's Debts on Specialties.

Ordered, That Mr. Toke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffegners withdrew.

&c.

Committees.

Elfon'g Estate.

Luftring

Company.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Drawbacks

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Commissioners of the Customs attended, he was called on Dying

take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the said Goods* &c*

Speech this Day, and also that of the aSth of January Commissioners Return to the Order of the 28th of

last, to both Houses of Parliament. February last; and also.

An Account of the Drawbacks and Allowances, which Ordered, That Lord Powlet, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. have been made in the Port of London upon Dying

Middleton, Mr. Fitch, Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Pollexfen, Goods, Naval Stores, French Wines, and Brandy, im-SwTho. Webfier, be added to the Committee, to whom ported between the 25th Day of December, 1702, and the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer to comr the 25th Day of December, 1705, which pay the ad-pound with Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, late Receiver Ge- ditional Impositions granted by an Act, in the fourth neral for the County of Essex, is committed. Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William

and Queen Mary and continued by an Act, of the first Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sir Jo. Woolflenholme, Year of her present Majesty's Reign.

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Gould, Mr. Windsor, Mr . Jennens, And the Title of the Account was read.

Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Guy, Mr. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Return,

Hicks, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bulteele, be added to the Com- and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole mittee, to whom the Bill for the bettfir securing the House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional , Rights of Copies of printed Books, is committed. Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vdlom, Parchment, and Paper, as And then the House adjourned till Tp-morrow are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing Morning, Nine a Clock, a Fund therein, and by the Application ot certain

overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty,

Vo l. 15. for

Tettenhall

Minister's

Maintenance.

Discharging

Vicarngeg of First Fruits, Sec.

Verting Cotton House in th* Grcfwn.

Leave of Absence.

Sarsfidd

JCflate.

Bre re wood's Estate.

Baker's

Relief.

Tolls on

Scotch

Cattle.

318

7* Martii.

A. 17

For the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, is committed.

The laid Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Henry Gough reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of the Minister of Tettenhall, in the county of ,

for the Time being, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and alterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for discharging small Vicarages' of First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House, in Westminster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lozvndcs,

Sir James Mount ague, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Chafe, Mr. Topham, Mr. , Mr. Pedley,

Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Ireton, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Lee, Sir Nich.

Sir Cha. 'Turner, Mr. ManwaringMr. Harley, Sir Jo. Mor daunt. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Grevill, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Moiesworth, Mr. Fra. Sir Fran. Masham,

Mr. Aylmer; and all for the Counties of Bedford, Cambridge, Huntington, and both Universities: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Sarsfield, Gentleman, was referred; that they had examined the Matter thereof, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Francis Sarsfield; and that Mr. Peyton and Mr. Afgill do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Woolafltm (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin; and the same was received.

The Lord William Powlett (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of John Baker; and the same was received.

Sir James Mountague reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, and Citizens, of Carlisle was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Mufgrt* Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Thomas Musgrave, and George Musgrave, Sons of Sir Christopher Musgrave, Baronet, deceased, was referred, the Matter as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk*s Table.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Bishop, Esquire, was pre- Obliging fented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there Biib-'p to is a Bill in the House, to oblige Henry Bishop, and his toTrfieaa Accomplices, to surrender themselves, together with Company, the Books and Effects of the Royal African Company;

wherein there is a Clause, for seizing, and applying, all his Goods and Efteds to the Use of the said Company; by which the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced; for that he has a Note under the Hand of the said Henry Bi/hcp, dated the 17th of August, 1704, really given for the Money therein mentioned, actually put into his Hands, and no Part finee paid; and, besides, the Petitioner was bound, as Security for the said Henry, to the said Company, to the Value of fi. 4,000, and hath his counter Bonds for Indemnity; so that, if the said Company should sue the Petitioner upon the Security Bonds (the Conditions being broken by the said he ought

not by the said Clause to be deprived of such legal Means, as he hath by Law, to recover his laid Debt, and indemnify himself: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, before the Bill do p.»fs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Pye, Gentleman, was presented Pye's Debt to the House, and read; setting forth, that the 26th of to the Crow*.

October, 1693, the Petitioner was deputed Collector of the Customs in the Port of N in the room of Mr. Isaackson, deceased, and one Charles Matfen

was appointed the Petitioner's Clerk (who was Mr.

Isaackson's Clerk) and is since dead, having left his Accounts very erroneous; and the Petitioner entrusting him with the whole Management of his Affairs till the time of the Petitioner's D; (charge, has suffered very great Losses, and thereby is rendered incapable to adjust his Accounts, and Extents have iflfued against the Petitioner, and his Sureties, who are dead, and insolvent; but some Relations, in Companion to the Petitioner, and his Wife, and numerous Family, are willing to contribute to the enabling the Petitioner to compound the Debt due to her Majesty: And praying, that Leave -may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound the Debts from the Petitioner, and his Sureties, to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Shackerly, Sir Richard Sand-ford, Mr. Carr, Mr. Nevill, Mr. MMr.

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hen. Colt, Colonel Grahme, Mr.

Pottllney* Mr. Coatsworth, Lord Powlett, Mr. Muf-

grave, Mr. Brewer, Sir Tho. Colepeper, Mr. Bliffe,

Mr. Morley, Mr. Afgill', and all, that fer.ve for the Counties of Northumberland, WefimCumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

19 at

A Member wayes his Privilege in pending Suits*

Crosse'* Debt to the Crown.

Supply.

Baker's

Relief.

Supply Bill;1

continuing

Duties.

Preservation of Game.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

5 Ann. 70 — 8

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have , 8° die }

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anno 6* Anna Reginae, 1706.

329

The honourable Colonel S declaring in his Place, that he would not infill upon any Privilege of Parliament in any Suits, depending, or to be commenced, either in Law or Equity, against him by the Earl of Anglesey, and the Countess, his Wife, and the Lady Eliz. Stanley, or any of them, touching the real or personal Estate of the late Earl of Derb, or any thing relating the reunto;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections bedischarged from hearing the Matter of the Petition of the said Earl and Countess of and Lady Eliz.

Stanley.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke, Mr. , Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pitfield, Sir William Whitlock, Mr. Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wind for, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Manley, Mr. Baljh, Mr. Strode, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of John CroJJe, Merchant, is referred.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speeches, of the 28th of January Jail, and Yesterday, to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same were read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Baker is referred.

The Home (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on G oods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for rafing a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other llfes therein expressed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some further Progress; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, tipon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falle Mullers, and fur the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 15.

Prayers.

A BILL to subject the Estate of Brerewood to

-cY. the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Price and Mr. Baron Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed upon an Address to her Majestyi to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The laid Address was twice read, with a Blank, and is as followeth; viz.

Die Sabbati,8* Martii, \ 706.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal

in Parliament assembled, return our most humble Thanks to your Majesty, for your gracious Approbation of the Share we had in bringing the Treaty of an Union, between your two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, to a happy Conclusion; a Work, that, after so many fruit-less Endeavours, seems designed by Providence to add new Lustre to the Glories of your Majesty's Reign. The Success of your Arms having secured us from all Attempts from Abroad, and the Care, your Majesty has taken of the firm Establishment of the Protestant Succession, having given a great and lasting Security to our Religion, as in the Church of by Law

established; we beg Leave humbly to allure your Majesty, that our Endeavours shall never be wanting to support your Government at Home, and so to establish the Peace of this Island, that no Dispute may remain among us, but how to acknowlege, in the most dutiful Manner, the auspicious Conduct of so great and so renowned a Queen.

Resolved, That the Blank in the said Address be filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended.

Ordered, That the Earl of Hertford do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Address.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to subject the Estate of Tho. Brerewood tos'flxe'Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of t^e said Thomas Pitkin, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring, and to report, what were fit to be revived, or continued, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee b« appointed, to examine into the Delivery out, and Disposition of, the Debentures, which were made out to Colonel John Rice;

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Harley, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Topham, Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Wtndfor, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Poultney, Mr. North, NH.Aflaby, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Rowney, Mr Farrer, Sir Sam. Garrett, Mr. Bromley, Sir Hen. , Mr. Peyton, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Fran. Masham, M

4 O Mr.

Brerewood'#

Estate.

Address on Union with Scotland.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Brerewood'#

Estate.

Expiring

Laws.

Demands on Col. Rice.

330

8* — io# Martii.

A. 1705.

Mr. Yoke, Mr. Yates, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Strode, Mr. Hey- An ingrossed Bill for the further Continuance of an PunishiDg

Jkam, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Archer, Mr. Moore, A&, made in the 1 ith and nth Years of the late King Vagrant*, Mr. Annejley Mr. Doddington, Mr. Coke, Mr. AJgill, Sir William (for the Punishment of Vagrants) and also of an John Hawles: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Act, made in the first Year of her Majest'ys Reign, for the Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power continuing the said former Act, and making it more ' - - - - effectual, was read the Third time.

RThat the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whereas, upon the Examination of the Matter, upon the Petition of Captain Morgan O Brien, at the Bar of this House, it did appear, that Colonel John Rice did by false Suggestions obtain an Act for making out Debentures to him, to the Value of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence)

Ordered, That the said Colonel John Rice be taken

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating Servants, Regulating

into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this paying their Wages, was read the Third time

Servants.

Baker's

Belief.

Coventry

Election.

House.

A Bill for the Relief of John Baker, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

it

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. 36. After " Act " insert " Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that any Contraft, Bargain, Certificate, or other Writing, made in pursuance of this Act, need not be upon Paper stamped; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding."

Press last, L. last, at the End add and at every Court Leet."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put

and the Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating Servants, and paying their Wages.

Ordered, That Mr. Tokedo carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of several Freemen of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and others, Freemen of the said City, was presented to the House, and read s setting forth, that at the last Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, Sir Christopher Hales, Baronet, -

Thomas Gery, Esquire, Sir Orlando Bridgman, and Edward thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Hopkins, Esquire, flood Candidates: That before and at amended at the Table accordingly, the Election many illegal Practices were used by Mr.

John Haffard, Mayor, Thomas Diston, John Snell, and

other Aldermen, on behalf of Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins: That by the Sheriff's Partiality, in polling great Numbers for Sir Orlando and Mr. Hopkins, who had no Right of voting, and refilling the Petition- _ . r ,. .

ers, and many others, who came to vote for Sir Christopher An ‘ngrossed Bill for making the Acta more effectual, Bu.lding and Mr. Gery, and by several indirect Means by Sir J?r appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins, or their Agents, for for the of Churches, and augmenting poor Vi-

obtaining Votes, the Petitioners conceive, they are car£S"/ P^J.the ^ird t1®?* ,

deprived of their legal Representatives m Parliament: A Rflved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

And praying, that th* House will take the Premises into An Act for making the Acts more effectual for appro-Consideration, and relieve them therein. Pn^g the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland for the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition buildinS Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages.

be referred to the Committee of Privilegesand Elections; thei!e*. . T . , .

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report , ^rJer^* Vr-6 do carry the 1

the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. the Lords, and desire the.r Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill t Duties 00 Houses.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

LutieS) 1 o* die Martii;

Anno 6* Ann® Regin®, 1706. P RAY BUS.

Fitch'*

Estate.

T^A N IE L John Anthony Hazel green,

Peter John , Fran.

Miregiot, John James Laporte, Jacob Jaciner, Anthony Cougott,. Peter James Lauzee, Peter Travers, John

Monitre, Stephen Mineau, Daniel Anthony Planta,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arnold Fanbeck, John Tejnon, took the Oaths appointed, for vetting Part of the Estate of William Fitch, Esquire, in order to their Naturalization, lying in the County of Dorset, mTrustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifter's Portion, and other Debts, Sir Robert Dovers (according to Order) presented to Doti«s o. and for preserving the Residue free from all Power of the House, a Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in Salt, &c. Waste, and for settling certainTythes in the Hie of Wight relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the to the same Uses, was read a, Second time. like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Eyres, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are Mr. Thomhagh, Sir John Cope, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Hen.' ' " " ‘

Colt, Lord Powlett, Colonel Chandler, Mr. Fleming, Mr.

Johnson, Sir Cha. Turner* Mr. Chambers, Mr. Shackerly,

Sir John Holland, Mr. Nevill, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. England, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Parker, Sr John Mordaunt, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Reynolds-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, and Southampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland j and the same was received.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lee's Eft*u. for the enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwynu,

Mr. Shaekcrley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Cha.

Turner,

6 Ann.

burner. Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Mi*. Winingtoh,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Rice, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Gods.

Copley, Mr. Skippon, Sir Jo. Packington, Sir Rich. flow, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mr. Pit-

field. Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Calthrop, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bo/cawen, Colonel Chandler, and all for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford^ and Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Dar«ir» The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Estate. for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Henry Darell, Esquire, deceased, and leafing, or mortgaging, other Part, for raising Moneys to pay his Debts, charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children, with some Amendments, to which they detire the Concurrence of this House:

Emlof Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Thomond's to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, Eftale* an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. The Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

pendarvis* Mr. Pitfield reported from the Committee, to whom

Eftat*. the Petition of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, was referred; that they had cosfidcred the Petition, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner hath made out the Allegations of hh Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Clause, or BiH, for the Relief of the Petitioner, according to the Prayer of his Petition*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Alexander Pendarvis, according to the Prayer of his Petition; and that Mr. Pitfield and Mr. Bulteele do prepare, and bring, in, the Bill.

Discharging A Bill for discharging small Vicarages of First fruits

Vicarages of an(j Tenths, and the Arrears thereof, was read n Second First Fruit*,

c‘ . Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord

by. Sir James Mountague, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Butler, Mr.

johnson, Mr. Clayton, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. fVinington, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr.

cott, Mr. Bromley, Lord , Mr. Moyne, Mr.

tree, Mr. Tkornkagh, Sit Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Topham, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Barker, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Shackerly: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the-Speaker's Chamber.

Delay* in A Petition of James the Clerk who files the

Suit*. Matters Reports in the Courts of Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for preventing Delays', and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, which will be Very prejudicial to the Petitioner, if it should pals into a Law, as it now (lands: And praying, that he may be heard by* Counsel against the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the faith Petition1 Vox. 15.

33*

be referred to the Committed of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Complaint being made to the House, that William Privilege ShirwyH, and Eliz. his, Wife, had, by William , their Attorney, catifed Declarations in Ejectment to be delivered to John Grove, and Eliz. Hawkins, and other Tenants of George Granville, Esquire, (a Member of this House) of Lands in Cleiwer, in the County of Berks, in Breach of the Privileges of this House)

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Coui-plaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan, of Tredegar, have Leave Leave at to go into the Country, upon extiaordinary Occasions. Abfcuce.

Ari ingrossed Bill to irripdwer the Lord High TrCa- Rich* Debt surer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for to the Crowa. the Time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich,

Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of , was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Pill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to Sufferer* in whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Plantations in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers, in- pher*. America, and Merchants trading to the fame, on the behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants, and Traders to the said Islands, was referred; that they had. considered the lame, and received a Proposal for their Relief, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was read, arid is as followeth; viz.

That upon hearing the Petitioners, their Witnesses', and Proofs by them made of their Sufferings, and Losses, computed at a very moderate Rate;

It appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners have rally proved the Allegations of their Petition.

It also appeared to the Committee, that the Relief of the Petitioners, in order to resettle the said Iffands, will tend very much for the Benefit of Trade arid Navigation, and the Advantage of England in general; which, without the speedy Assistance of Parliament, cannot be effected, the said Islands being in imminent Danger of being loft.

The Petitioners', pursuant to the Leave of this House, laid before the Committee a Proposel for their Relief, which was ordered to be reported to the House, as followeth; viz.

It is humbly proposed by the Petitioners, that the old Subsidy, of t8d. per C. upon Sugars, in the general Mortgage, which will expire the first of August, 17 iO, may be applied for Years, for the Relief of your poor Sufferers of the said Islands, or such other Relief as this House shall think fit.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Report into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pitfield (according to Order) reported from the Apprthend* Committee, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the »ng House. discovery and apprehending of House-breakers, was com- br*keifc mitted; that they had'made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the feme were orice read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

16® Martii.

332

io° Martii.

A. 170

Supply,

Preservation of Game,

Punirtiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Saturday last, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yea W

Tellers for the N°es|^" J.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Strickland do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Moor reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To oblige the Constables to execute the Justices Warrants, with Blanks for the Penalty, in case of Neglect.

And the same was twice read, and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Toke reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring, and to report, what are fit to be revived, and continued; that they had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Ilesolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, where the same were read, and arc as follow j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, intituled, "An Act for " the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom," which was enacted to have Continuance (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) until the 29th Day of May 1665, and from thence to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament; which said Act, by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King the

ad (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) was enacted to be in force from the first Day of , 1685, and so to continue for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament: And whereas by an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of the lteign of his late Majesty King William, the said last mentioned Act (as to what therein related to the Settlement of the Poor) was enacted to be in force from the first Day of May, 1691, but no Provision was thereby made, for continuing of divers other Parts of the said Act: Which said Act, for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, as to all Parts thereof, not mentioned and continued in and by the said Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties (other than except what relates to the Corporations mentioned in the said Act, for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, and thereby constituted) was by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties, continued for the Space of Seven Years, from the 13th Day of February, 1692, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament i which said Act afterwards by an Act, of the nth and 12th Years of King William, intituled, "An Act for " continuing several Laws therein mentioned," was continued for Seven Years from the 29th Day of tember, 1707, and is now near expiring, is fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of the Act, made in the 22d and 23d Years of King Charles the 2d, intituled, "An Act to " prevent Frauds in the buying and selling Cattle in " Smithfe/d, and elsewhere," which relates to the preventing Butchers within the Cities of London and West-tniujler, or Ten Miles thereof, to buy fat Cattle, and fell the same again to any other Butcher; as also so much, as relates to the preventing fat Cattle, bought in Smithfield, in one Market to be sold there again alive; which, was continued by an Act, in the 4th and 5th Years of King William and Queen Mary, for Seven Years, from the 13th of February, 1692; and by another Act, made in the nth and 12 th Years of King Withe said Act was continued for Seven Years, from the 29th Day of September, 1700, which is now near expiring, is fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the nth and nth Years of Kir.g William, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " suppressing of Piracy," which was to be in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, is now near expiring, is fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Take, Mr. Shacker/y, Mr.

Conyers, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bilk

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holfordand Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Qu«ea ap-House, that her Majesty hath been pleased to appoint to P"ints to be attended by both Houses, with their Address, To- dttei e 4 morrow, at Two a Clock, at St. s; and that the

Lords do intend to be there at that Time:

Also, that the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An riiVip of Act for making more effectual a Settlement, made by Oxford's William Lord Bishop of Oxford, for (he Benefit of his tlute' Children; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply r,u; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Dimes on tinuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum not exceeding One Million Five hundred Thousand Pound, is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Mr.

6 Ann. io* — 11 Mar tit. 333

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made tome Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Harris' Ordered, That Sir Mr.

Ellate. Mr. Manley, Mr. DucketMr. , Sir Hum. Mack-

worth, Mr. England, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Kalher, Harris, is committed.

Vetting Ordered, That Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Robert Eden, i^ttaCrownt Mr. Dtfion, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Moyle, Mr.

Wool/ajion, Sir Tho. Frankland, Mr. Brewer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House, , is

committed.

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pedley, Colonel Sir John

Spencer, Mr. Thornhagli, be added to the Committee of

Privileges and Eiedtions.

A Petition of Thomas Butler-, Gentleman; and Ralph Obliging Gerrard, Goldsmish, on behalf of themselves, and several Niihopto others, was presented to the House, and read; setting t^Atrfcan forth, that the Petitioners are possessed of divers real Company. Bonds of the Royal African Company; and the Petitioners are advil'cd, that the Bill depending in the House, to oblige Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, to furren-der themselves, together with the Books and F.ffedts of the Royal African Company, extends, to impeach the Petitioners Titles to the said Bonds, and will greatly prejudice their, as well as others. Rights, who have been any ways concerned with the said Company: And praying, that their jufi Rights may be saved, and that they may be heard by Counsel, before the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 110 die Martii;

Anno 6* Ann* Reginas, 1706.

Prayers.

A M E S Blanc, DanielCaillaud, James Renaudet, John

J Reap, Adam BofquainIfaac De/igle, Nicholas Bowes, John Diefray, Peter Matteux, Daniel,

Trammer, Lewis Bonnet, Nicholas Le David

Tifchaiv, Charles Meiinear, James Mai tin, Philip Burger, John Martin, Francis Van Reney de la Treille, John Sore, took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

Thomeur'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nut. for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Masham, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Top-ham, Lord Powlett, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Batch, Mr. Trotman, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Cox, Mr. Feliding, Mr. England, Sir John Cope, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Squire, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Wal/h, Sir Robert Dovers. Sir John Conway, Mr. Booth, Mr. Rice, Mr. Wroth, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Manley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief of John Baker, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peyton, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Powlett, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir Wm. , Sir Jacob Batiks, Mr.

Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Monson, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Ash, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Topham, Mr. Barker, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Cope, Mr. Balfi, Sir Fra. Mafiam, Sir Wm. land, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. Diston, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Wynne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Baker'*

Belief.

Bishop of Oxford's Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more efLftual a Settlement, made by Wm. Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committee Ordered, That Sir John Holland, Sir Richard Sandhi Privilege*, ford, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Bridges, Mr. Cook, Mr. Mr. Manley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Toke, Mr. Clayton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Yates, Mr. Caltbrope, Mr. Colonel Grahme,

Vol. 15.

A Petition of Henry Bishop was presented to the Ditto. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was Clerk to the Committee of Treasury of the African Company, and finding himself unable to account-for their Effefls, either by mifeafting former Accounts, or Imbezilments from him, withdrew himself, with the Bocks, Bonds, Bills, and Effefls, of the said Company, designing only to take Time to overlook the Accounts, and take Copies of such Books and Papers, as might afterwards be requisite for his Justification, intending to restore the fame, as he has done, to the Sum of 13,500, and that all other Books and Papers shall be restored to the said Company unhurt in a very short Time; and then the Petitioner will not be found any way indebted to them in£. 7,000, which he is willing to satisfy, as far as he is able: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel, to shew Cause, why the extraordinary Remedy, intended by the Bill against. the Petitioner, should not pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee thereupon by his Counsel, if he think fit.

A Petition of John Coggs and John Dann, Gold- Brerevrood'* smiths, was presented to the House, and read; setting Eftat*. forth, that the Petitioners, at the time of Pitkin's failing, had several Securities in their Hands for Moneys, justly lent by them, which were wrested from them by the Commissioners and Assignees of Pitkin's Statute of Bankrupt: That Pitkin's Creditors came to an Agreement with Brerewood for a Composition of 8 s. 6 per Pound, over and above the Charges; which was executed by all the Creditors, with the Advice of Counsel; whereby all Pitkin's Estate was agreed to be assigned to Brerewood, several of the chief Creditors having declared, that the same was highly to their Satisfaction; whereupon the Petitioners, relying on the Credit of the said Agreement, and being advised, the same was firm in Law, did advance great Sums of Money to Brerewood, which he paid to the Creditors; and Brerewood became greatly indebted to the Petitioners, who are partly secured by A (ligaments of several of his Goods and Effects both at Home and Abroad: That what the Petitioners have done, has been fairly and openly, with the Privity of many of the Creditors: That there is a Kill depending in the House, to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Tho. Pitkin, whereby the Securities, taken by the Petitioners, may be effected:

And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

4 P

L

Brerewoods

Estate.

Sarsfield's

Estate.

Verting

Cotton House in tLe Crown.

Committees.

Duties on .^alt, &c.

B re re wood's Mate.

334

ii° Martii.

A. 1706.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table, Until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Br Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being concerned in cloathing Part of the Army, had great Dealings with Thomas Pitkin, who was a generalTrader, and reputed to be a rich Man, intending to leave off his Trade, (as he told the Petitioner) and proposed to fell his whole Stock at a Rebate of £. 15per Cent* from the prime Coil; to which the

Petitioner agreed, and gave him Notes, at his Request, in the Name of Elias Rich, Esquire, (his Wife's Brother) for the Payment thereof, at 6, 12, and t8. Months after the Date; and the Petitioner took good Discharges from Pitkin for the Goods so bought: That soon after Pitkin failed, and fled into Holland; but an Act of Parliament being passed, for punishing him with perpetual Imprisonment, and Pillory three Times a Year, in case he did not surrender by a certain Time, he surrendered himself in Holland before the time limited, but did not arrive in England till after; and he, being under the Threats of his Creditors, and the dreadful Apprehensions of the Penalties of the said Act, was prevailed on to depose whatever his Creditors pleased to charge the Petitioner with, the Truth whereof he hath since often denied: That Pitkin delivered up to the Creditors all the Petitioner's Notes (which although not due) yet they brought an Action against the Petitioner for f. zo, oco, on which he long lay a Prisoner, not being able to find Bail for such a Sum, and was obliged to comply with certain Articles of Agreement, made upon long Deliberation, with the Advice of Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Serjeant Broderick, whereby the Petitioner was to pay much more, than he was indebted to iV/C/Vs Estate; under which there has been an Acquiescence of near two Years, and a Session of Parliament intervening; yet now the Creditors of Pitkin have brought a Bill into this House, to subject the Estate of the Petitioner to the Creditors of Tho. Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Pitkin-, whereby the utter Ruin of the Petitioner is contrived, and to strip him, and his Son, of their Employments; *tis to punish ex post; and is grounded on the Suggestions of Pitkin, a Bankrupt, only, although the Petitioner has performed the said Articles of Agreement: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Peyton (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of Francis Sarsfield, Gentleman; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Heysham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cefar, Mr. BultMr. Guy, Mr.

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House, Westminster, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of George Wilcox was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in May, 1705, about three Months after P went off, Mr. wood was taken up by the Creditors of Pitkin-, and Brerewood sent for the Petitioner, to endeavour an Accommodation, and proposed to give him 500 for his

l9

Labour and Trouble, and for what Money he shotild expend to Counsel, or otherwise, in compleating an Agreement with the Creditors; which he did, to their Satisfaction, at 8 s.6 d. in the Pound; but Brerewood was to pay him £, 1,000, wherewith the Petitioner acquainted the Commissioners and Assignees of Pitkin's Bankruptcy, and several of the Creditors, who were well satisfied and pleased, that the Petitioner had undertaken the Affair; and Brerewood at several Times paid him

600, and gave him a Bond for £. 400 more: That there is a Bill depending in the House, to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, whereby the Petitioner will be obliged to repay the said £. 600, and assign the said £. 400 Bond: That, in regard the Petitioner acted only as Brerewood' % Attorney, had been at great Expence of Money, and Time, for a Year and Half, to compleat the said Agreement, in neglect of his other Business, he prays, that so much of the Bill, as relates to the Petitioner, be left out, or that the Petitioner may be heard against the fame.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supjly, Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Toll* oa whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, and Citizens, of Carlife, was referred, be taken a e* into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mu (grave*, whom the Petition of Jofejh Musgrave, Thomas J-jr.im of

grave, and George Musgrave, Sons of Sir Christopher ls* Musgrave, Baronet, deceased, was referred, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for building a Church and Parsonage House, Birminshan and making a new Church-yard, and a new Purish; in CUurch. Birmingham, in the County of Wwas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Molsworth, Mr. Mr. Archer,

Mr. Toke, Sir John Cotton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Folev,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Neville, Sir Walter Tong, Sir

Fran. Masham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bromley, Sir John

Cope, Mr. Paiker, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Sir

William Drake, Sir William AshhwflMr. Peyton, Mr.

Aylmer, Mr. Johnson, Serjeant Girdler, Lord,

Mr. Pagitt, Sir John Holland, Mr. Afgill, Colonel

Grahme, Sir John Woo.flenholme; and all, that lerve

for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and

Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thief day Morn- R^uhtinj ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Six House, upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Otiice. Chancery a Recompence, upon taking the irOlBces away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court.

Ordered,

State of Trade.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Duke of Beaufort'* Ei kite.

Bre re wood's Estate*

Sufferer* in Nevis and 8t. Christo-phera.

Duke of

Beaufort*

Estate.

Eyre's

Etiaie.

6 Ann. i i° — x Martil. 335

Ordered, That the Six Clerks do lay before this House, an Estimate of the Value of their Offices, and of their House, and Ground, belonging thereto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court, is committed, that they do enquire into the Manner ofcon-ftituting the Thirty Clerks, over and above the Sixty Clerks, in the Six Clerks Office, and by what Means, and upon what Consideration, and to whom paid.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Trevor, and Mr. Baron Price:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke cf Beaufort, from the Portions of his Daughters and younger Children, by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Plantations in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers, in America, and Merchants trading to the same, on the behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants, and Traders to the said Islands, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock:

Mercurii, 12° die Martii;

Anno 6* Annas Reginae, 1706. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Beaufort, from the Portions of his Daughters, and younger Children, by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions, was read the Fir It time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ho ford and Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to veilcertain Mills and Lands in in the County of Wilts (the Ellate of William Eyre, a Lunatick) in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Moneys, arising by the Sale thereof, for Payment of the Debts of the said Lunatick, and making some Provision V ol. 15.

for Ambrose Eyre, his eldest Son, and Heir, and for applying the Residue of such Moneys in purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Premifies, to be sold, are now settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Mansion House, and Lands thereunto adjoining, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of William Hide, Merchant, in Trustees, to be forthwith fold, for the better Maintenance, and present Provision, of his Children; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to subject the Estate of Tho. Brerewood to the Creditors of Tho. Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement or Composition made with the Creditors of the said Tho. Pitkin, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Abuses relating to, or arising from, the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts: And all, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions, which have been read, and which were laid upon the Table, until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Take (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing the several Acts therein mentioned; and the same was received.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Citizens of Carlisle was referred.

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by an Inquisition, which issued out of the High Court of Chancery, 26 Edzvardi 3'1, directed to Richard De Denton, and John De Haverington, that the City of Carlife had, time out of

Mind then, Theolonium intrinfecum et foritfecum, et Gavel Guild; which said Tolls were afterwards confirmed to the said City by the Charter of the said King Edward the 3d, dated the 7th of Febr. in the 26th Year of his Reign; and the same were afterwards confirmed by another Charter, dated the 21 ft of July, 13° Car. I.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Rook, Agent for the said City, that he hath known the Affairs of the* said City upwards of 20 Years, and during all such Time, there hath been con-llantlypaid three several Sorts of Tolls to the Farmers of the Tolls belonging to the said City; viz.

1 ft, A Peny for every Beall, brought out of Scotland, and Four Pence a Score for all Sheep, that have been brought out of Scotland, in the County of Cumberland:

adly, Another Toll, called the Gate Toll, which is a Peny for every Horse Load of Corn, or Fardle of Goods, to be sold, carried on Horse-back, or Man's Back; which is a Half-peny more than is paid by the English:

3cliy, A Toll, called the Weighly, which is a Half-peny paid by the E'tglish, and a Peny paid by the Scotch, for every Parcel, that shall be weighed, and laid up in the common Hall.

That the Toll for Cattle and Sheep, which is intirely paid by the Scotch, hath been let formerly at £. 120 per

Annum,

Hide'.

Ellate.

Brerewood's

Ellate.

Frauds in Drawbacks.

Poor Laws, Sec.

Tolls on ScotchCattle.

Musgrave Grant of Tolls.

33 6 12° Martii. A. 1706.

Annum, and now, communibus may be reckoned

at;£. no.

That the Half-peny, paid more by the than

the English, for the Gate Toll, has been sometimes let

at£. 20 per Annum, at other times at £. 12 per Annum; and may be computed, communibus to be worth

£. 15 per Annum.

That the Half-peny, paid more by the Scotch, than the English, towards the Weighly Toll, is computed,

communibus annis, to be worthy. 7. per Annum.

That it further appeared to the Committee, that the Revenue of the said City, besides what they receive by the said Tolls, is not worth more than per

Annum.

That the said City pay, by an annual Fee-farm Rent, anciently reserved by the Crown, the Sum of 40 per Annum; and that they are obliged to maintain the Guildhall, the Moot-hall, several Wears and Bridges upon the River, besides the necessary Charges of paying the Salaries, and supporting the Dignity of the Corporation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

'» The House also (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Musgrave, Muf-

grave, and George Musgrave, Sons of Sir Musgrave, Baronet, deceased, was referred.

And the same was read, and is as followeth;

That it appeared to the Committee, that his late Majesty, King Charles the 2d, granted to Sir Philip Mif grave. Baronet, his Executors, and Assigns, all Tolls arising in the Counties of Cumberland and for a Term of 31 Years, to commence from Lady-day, 1660, under the yearly Rent of 40*. payable to the Crown, in as full and ample Manner, as Tho.

William Counton, or 7ho. Earl of Berks, or any of them, before held and enjoyed the same: A Copy of which Letters Patents was produced to the Committee, and proved by Mr. Musgrave Davison.

That by Articles, before Marriage, made between Christopher Musgrave, Esquire (Son of the said Sir Philip) and Eliz. Frank!yn, his intended Wife, and her Trustees, bearing Date the first of March, 1761, the said Christopher Musgrave did covenant, that the said Sir Philip should, in his Life-time, settle his Term in the said Tolls upon the Heir Male of that intended Marriage, reserving a Power to the said Christopher, with the Consent of the said Eliz. by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to charge the said Tolls with any Sum, not exceeding £. 2,000, for Portions for their younger Children; and that all renewed Leases of the said Tolls should be assigned on the same Trulls.

That the Marriage took Effect; and by Indenture, dated the 10th of December, 1677, the said Sir Musgrave assigned over ^11 his Interest in the said Term, and Tolls, to his said Son Christopher, upon the Trulls in the said Marriage Articles, reserving to himself the Profits of the Tolls, during his Life.

That by other Letters Patents, produced to the Committee, dated the 4th of October in the 30th Year of his said late Majesty's Reign (reciting the Surrender of a former Grant of the said Tolls, made by the said late King to the said Sir Philip dated the 11th

Day of July, 1671, fora Term of 31 Years, to commence from Lady-day then last-pall, under the, laid Rent of 40r. payable yearly to the Crown) his said late Majesty King Charles the 2d did grant the said Tolls to the said Sir Christopher, his Executors, and Assigns, for the Term of 55 Years, to commence at Lady-day then last past, paying the aforesaid Rent of 40J. per Annum.

That by subsequent Letters Patents, bearing Date the 29th of November, 1701, his late Majesty King William the 3d granted the said Tolls to the Petitioner Joseph Musgrave, for the Term of Eighteen Years and

an Half, to commence at Lady-day, 1733, at 401. per Annum Rent.

That Sir Christopher Mufgraveby his Will, dated the 30th July, 1703 (reciting the aforesaid Power, reserved to himself, and his Wife, and that (lie had contented thereto, by Deed under her Hand and Seal) charged the said Tolls with the Payment of 1,000 a-piece to his said Sons, Thomas and George.

That the said Joseph Musgrave is entitled to the said several Terms of 55 Years, and ;S Years and an Half, subject to the said Charge of £. 2,oco, to his laid Brothers; and that his present Interest in the said Tolls is Years and a Half, from Lady day, 1707.

That the Value of the said Tolls at the Time of the First Grant did not appear to the Committee; but in the said Marriage Articles the same appeared to be valued at £. 400 per Annum in 1671.

That from the Year 1683 to the Year 1705 most of the annual Accounts, signed by the Collectors of the Tolls, were produced, and proved by Mr. and other Witnesses; by which it appeared, that the yearly profits of the said Tolls, for Scotch Cattle coming into England, amounted.

I- s. d.

In the Year 1684, to - 276 2 7

In 1686, to - 56 4 2 5

In 1687, to - - - - 452 17 2

In 1694, to - - - - 610 8 4

And thereupon the Committee, having an Abstra<ftof the Profits arising by the said Tolls for 18 Years, from 1684, and the Accounts produced to them, tojuftify the said Abstract, computed the whole Profits for 18 Years, and, at a just Medium, found the fame, one Year with another, amount to £.398. 13J. 'jld.per Annum-, and that, upon a Valuation of the present Interest of the said Petitioner Joseph, according to that Medium, they compute the same to be of the Value of£. 7.063. 16 in ready Money, rebating, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, compound

Interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed.

Resolved, That this House will, after Two a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding £. 1,500,000, is intended to be raised, forcariying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Mr. Speaker reported, that both Houses did Yesterday present their humble Address to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am glad to find, your Opinion so perfectly agtees with mine concerning this Union. You cannot do me a more acceptable Service than by using your utmost Endeavours to improve all the good Consequences of it.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

Supply Bill; Duties on Houses.

Answer to Addreli.

Supply;

6 Ann.

i a° — 13°

337

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege.

‘Obliging Bishop to surrender to African Company.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be, An Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the Minister of Tettenball\in the County of Stafford, for the Time being.

Ordered, That Sir John MordaUnt, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill;

Duties ou House s*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a OrdThat the Report from the Committee, to Regulating Committee of the whole House, to consider further of whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly nightly the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure Watch, was committed, be made upon Monday come- Watch, a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a seven-night.

Sum, not exceeding /. 1,500,000, is intended to be

the War, and other her Majesty's A Bill fof repairing the Highways between Sheppard- Sheppard-

shordand the Devizes, and between Hill and Shord, See. Roudford, in the County of Wills, was read a Second Road,‘

raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Shuttleworth acquainted the House, that John

Fofter, Thomas lliffe, and John Wright, (against whom there was a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, in arrest-mgjrflua Ferrand, a Servant of the said Mr. Shuttleworth) had made their Submission to him; and the said Mr. Shuttleworth desiring, that there might be it further Proceeding against them;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from hearing the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Mr. Churchill, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Jervoi/e, Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Mompeffm, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Fleming, Sir William Strickland, Mr. Booth, Lord Mr. Afgill, Mr.

Berkley, Mr. Eyre, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, with the Books and Effects of the Royal African Company, is committed: And all, that come, to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

AynfwertVi

fcftate.

ovts, 130 die Martii

Anno 6* Anns Regina;, 1706.

Praters.

' "\ /C R. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom 1VJL the Bill for the better Discovery of the Estate of Mr. John Aynfworlh, late of London, Merchant, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the ingrossed.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Diston, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Yates, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Woolf en-holme, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Topham, Mr. Barker, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Herne, Mr. Harley, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Coke, Mr. Pitfeld, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Strode, bllr.Thornbagh; and all for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Southampton, and Gloucester :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Francis Stonehouse,

Esquire, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Sir James Mountague reported from, the Committee, Discharging to whom the Bill for discharging small Vicarages of Vicarages of First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof, was Fruits, committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to avoid any annual Sum, Pension, or Annuity, heretofore granted out of the Revenues of First-. fruits and Tenths; but if, by discharging small Livings, the First fruits and ioths in any one Diocese shall not be sufficient to pay such annual Sums, then the whole Revenues shall be liable to make good such Deficiencies.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the same shall not affect any Grant, Exchange, Alienation, or Incumbrance, made of the Revenues of First fruits and Tenths, or any Part thereof.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bill, and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the J-Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tittenhall An ingrossed Bill for the better Support and Mainte-

Minister's nance of the Minister of Tetienhall, in the County of

Maintenance* Stafford, for the Time being, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Prels 3. L. 38. to leave out " Specialty," and insert " Severalty."

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Fraud* by whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Bankrupts. Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of Morgan Whitley was offered to the Bringing up House. Petition

And the Question being put. That the Petition be negatived* brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Thomas Brerewood, Son find Heir of Tho. Bwrewood'* Brerewood, Gentleman, was presented to the House, Estate* and read; setting forth, that, ever since her Majesty's

4 Q Reign,

Demands on CoL Rice.

Seizure of Worcester Ship.

Six Clerks

Office.

338 i3° Martii. A* 1706}

Reign, the Petitioner hath been a Cornet in the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, which Poll is his only Subsistence: That the Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, to subject the Estate of Brereivood (the Petitioner's Father) to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Com-

petition, made with the Creditors of Pitkin', wherein there is a Clause, to make the Petitioner's Commission liable to be sold for the same Purpose, although the Petitioner never had any Knowlege of Pitkin, or his Affairs, and was possessed of his said Employment long before the Creditors of the said Pitkin's Debts were contracted: And praying, that he may be heard at the House, or otherwise, against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by the Committee thereupon, by his Counsel, if he think fit.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to examine into the Delivery out, and Disposition, of the Debentures, which were made out to Colonel John Rice, have Power to appoint a Sub-committee, to examine Colonel John Rice, who is ill in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of Thomas Tho. Hamond, and

John Starke, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship cejier, Captain Thomas Green late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners did, by Licence from one of the Proprietors of the separate Stock, allowed by Act of Parliament to trade to the East Indies, fend the said Ship thither; where (lie made a successful Voyage, and in August, 1704 (on her Return for England) put into Leith Road, in Scotland, there to wait for a Convoy for London; but the African and Indian Company of Scotland seized the Ship and Cargo, and condemned them in their Admiralty Court, for Reprizal of the Ship Annandale, seized here by the English India Company; whereby the Petitioners were damnified to a considerable Value, besides the Charges of two Years and half Prosecution for Satisfaction, without obtaining any j and the Seamen are now filing the Petitioners for YVages: And praying, that they may be permitted to prove their Petition, and be relieved therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Churchill, Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gywn, Mr. Vernon, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Pitt, Lord Powlett, Mr.

Sir The, Littleton, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Monson, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. MonSlon, Mr. Molesworth,

Mr. Wyld, Mr. Chafe, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Cha. Turner> Sir Daines, Mr. Pugh,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Topham, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Sir Fra.

Child, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Porter, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Peyton, Mr. lleysham, Mr. Coke, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Strode; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Two of the Six Clerks attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, The Six Clerks Report of the Value of their Office, and the Survey of the Building of the Office.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report, and Survey, were read.

And the said Report, and Survey, are as follow;

In humble Obedience to the Order of the honourable

House of Commons, of the 11th Instant, that the

Six Clerks do lay before the House, an Estimate of the

Value of their Offices, and of their House, and Ground

belonging thereto.

THE Six Clerks do humbly represent, That their Offices (wherein they have a Freehold) with their House, Ground, and Fees, and Perquisites, thereto belonging, have usually been estimated worth about £. 6,000 each.

That their laid House was built by the Six Clerks, purposely for the keeping the Records of the Court of Chancery, and for other the publick Use and Business of the Office, for the Dispatch whereof the same is very conveniently situated, and accommodated j and in which, and in the said Ground thereunto belonging, they have an Inheritance by Act of Parliament; and which they have caused to be surveyed by two able Workmen, who have valued the feme, in the Condition it now (lands, and for the Purposes aforesaid, at £. 6,120, as by the annexed Estimate, under their Hands, appears.

Bazill Herne,

13 th March, 1706. John Sufi eld.

The said Survey.

WE, whole Names are under-written, having carefully surveyed the Building called the Six Clerks Office, in Chancery Lane, and the Ground belonging thereto, are of Opinion, that the fame, in lire Condition it now is, and to be continued, to be used for the same Office, is worth £.6,120. Witness our Hands this 12th Day of March, 1706.

Tho. Denning,

Tho. Dennett.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Survey, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for giving the Six Cieiks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court, iscommitted.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire into the Manner of increasing the Number of the Clerks in the Six Clerks Office from time to time, to the Number of Ninety, and upon what Consideration;

And it is referred to Mr. Pitt, Mr. Peyton, Mr* Bofcawen, Mr. Fortescue, Sir Tho. Mr. Manly,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Compton, Sir Gods. Copley, Sir John Awbrey, Sir John Spencer, Mr. Pulteny, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Herne, Mr. Lowt, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Clayton, Lord , Sir

Fran. Masham, Mr. Wentworth, 'Mr. Strode, Sir

Ashhurst, Mr. Owen, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Mr. MonSlon, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Rice, Mr. Pugh, Mr. Vaughan; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity, after the Reports, which are ordered to be received this Day from the Committees of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, and of the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding £.1,500,000, is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, 15 and

Clerks* in Six Clerks Uii*r.

Delays is Suits.

Regulate* Six Cler* Ollice.

6 AnN.

i 3°- — rq. Mar-fit* 330

and for appointing Attorneys for* and the better keeping the Records of, that Court.

Frauds in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Drawbacks, were to enquire into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three hundred Ninety-eight thousand Eighty-five Pounds, Ten Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, to discharge the like Sum, mentioned in the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union between England and Scotland, confirmed by Acts of Parliament in both Kingdoms, being the Equivalent, to be answered, by the said Article, to Scotland, for such Customs, and Excises, which Scotland is to be charged with, and will be applicable to the Debts of England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 2,641, be granted to her Majesty, to enable her Majesty to make a Recompence to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Carlisle, for l'uch Tolls, as they are to be deprived of by the 6th Article of the said Treaty of Union.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding/. 5,000, be granted to her Majesty, to enable her Majesty to make a Recompence to Joseph Musgrave, Tho. and George

grave, Sons of Sir Christ Musgrave, Baronet, de-

ceased, for such Tolls, as they are to be deprived of by the Sixth Article of the said Treaty of Union.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for faifing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply BUI; Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Duties on whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the oufes. Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding/. 1,500,000, is intended to be raised, for carrying On the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, the Amendments, they had: made to the Bill, which they hid directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the proper Officers for making forth Malt and Lottery Tickets, and Army Debentures, shall (upon producing a Cerificate front the Barons of the Exchequer, that the feme are loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed) make forth Duplicates thereof, and pay the same off, as if they had been tjifc original Tickets, or Debentures.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Delays b Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

Suits. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iHouse, upon the Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences,. in Suits in Law and Equity, before the Committee upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks inChan-Vol. 15.

eery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V1eneris, 140 die Martii;

Anno 6° Annas Regime, 1706.

Prayers.

\ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ear! of Act to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl 5

of Thomond, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his

Estate, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy, and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rich.

Onslow, Sir John Awbrey, Lord Fairfax, Mr.

Mr. Middleton, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Sir John

Mordauv.t, Mr. Peyton, Sir 1/aac Rebow, Mr. Tates,

Sir IVm. Aflihurst, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Walsh, Mr.

Coke, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Plympiree, Mr. Booth, Mr.

M-anwdring, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Rich. Sanford, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Compton, Mr.

laston, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Thcmpfon, Earl of Hertford; and all, that serve for the Counties of Northampton, York, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bulteel (according to Order) presented to the Pendarvi* House, a Bill for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, Estate. in relation to Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided for him out of Lands in Ireland and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from tile Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of for making more effectual a Settlement, made by Wm. 9£ford

Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children, ate* was read a Second t ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Harvey, Lord Powlett, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Gale, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr Skippon, Mr. Cox, Mr. Pit field, Mr. Eyres, Sir Fra.

Masham, Mr. Coke, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Yates, Mr. Manwaring, Lord Chenye, Sir Rich. Sanford, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Thomp-fen. Sir Ja. Mount ague, Mr. EMr. Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Ash-hurst. Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Booth, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Aiflaby, and all for the Counties of Hereford, Oxon, Worcester, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eyre's Estate. to vest certain Mills, and Lands, in in the County of Wilts, the Estate of William Eyre, a Lunatick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Moneys, arising by the Sale thereof, for Pay-; ment of the Debts of the said Lunatick, and making same Provision for Ambrose Eyre, his deleft Son, and Heir, and for applying the residue of such Moneys in purchasing of other Lands, to be ‘settled to the same Uses, as the said Premisses, to be ibid, are now settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hide'sEstate. for vetting a Mansion-house, and Lands thereunto, adjoining, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of William Hide, Merchant, in Trusteeis, to be forthwith fold, for the better Maintenance, and present Provision, of his Children, was read the First time.

Resolved,

Reducing Clerks in Six Clerks Office.

Foreign-made Guns.

Frauds ii* Drawbacks.

Ditto.

Vanholte's, &c. Nat.

Rich's

Charities.

Duties on Salt, &c.

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Christophers.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

340

14* — 150 Martii. 1706.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for reducing the Number of sworn Clerks in the Six Clerks Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, who are to enquire into the Manner of the increasing the Number of the Clerks in the Six Clerks Office, from time to time, to the Number of Ninety, and upon what Consideration: And all, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of Gun-makers, of the City of London, is referred, be received upon WednesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards reland them in England, without Payment of the Duty; and that Mr. Lowndes, the Lord Coningsby, Sir Henry Dut-

ton Colt, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord William Powlet (according to Order) reported from the Committee, appointed to examine into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon 7 ‘hurfdayMorning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Vanholte, and others; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging several Lands, in the County of Worcester, from the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, given by the Will of Dame Elizabeth Rich, Widow, deceased, for charitable Uses, and charging the same upon other Lands in the County of Berks, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, OatmeaJ, and Grain called Beer, Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make an Allowance for the Waste of Salt, exported to Ireland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Plantations in the Blands of Nevis and St. in America,

and Merchants trading to the fame, on the behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants, and Traders to the said Blands, was referred, be taken into Con. ^deration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing

such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund therein, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Ways a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Aieons, and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Seizure of

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Johnson, Sir Wm. Worcester Huftltr, Mr. Morley, Mr. Wallis, Sir Geo. Beaumont, lf>‘

Mr. Toke, Mr. Parker, Sir RichOnflow, Sr Cha.

Hedges, Mr. Fulham, Mr. Dibble, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Bowrey,

Tho. Hamond, and others. Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship Worcester, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Aiflaby, Sir William Hufller, Sir Birmingham Richard Howe, Mr. Sharp, Mr. , Mr. Thorn- Church.

hagh, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Squire, Mr. Trotman, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Church and Parsonage House, and making a new Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 15* die Martii;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

S)RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling Lands in Chelsea, in the County collegia, of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheyne,

Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there in John Lord Vaughan, Earl of Carbery, and his Heirs; and that Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Eyres reported from the Committee, to whom Fitch1* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling Part of the Estate of William Fitch, Esquire, lying in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Siller's Portion, and other Debts, and for preserving the relict ue free from all Power of Waste, and for settling certain Tythes in the Use of Wight to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Darell's Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Eilat*. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Henry Darell Esquire, deceased, and leafing, or mortgaging, other Part, for railing Moneys to pay his Debts, charged

thereupon,

Preservation of Game.

Williams'

Estate.

Baker's

Belief.

Aynsworth KA ate.

6 Ann. i 50 Mar til 341

thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 4. L. 35. After " up" insert 0 Leases."

Pr. 5. L, 11, and 12. Leave out " and otherwise,

in all to the amount of £.8,000 or thereabouts/' and, instead thereof, insert "and such as will affect and charge the said real Estate, in all to the amount of 5,870 odd Pounds, besides what may further appear."

L. 19. Leave out " and left a personal Estate only to the amount of £.1,000 or thereabouts, most * Part in Stock upon Land," and, instead thereof, insert " and left a personal Estate, scarce sufficient to pay his " Debts by simple'Contract."

Pr. 6. L. 10, 11, 12th. Leave out "there are several Years Interest in Arrear for several of the said Debts, and."

L. »6, 17, 18th. Leave out " and the said Stock and personal Estate, to pay all the said Debts with what Speed may be."

L. 40, 41, 42. Leave out " as well all the said Stock and personal Estate, late of the said Henry " Darellas."

Pr. 7. L. 4th. Leave out " Edmund , of

Place" and insert " Anthony of

L. 7. Leave out from "Clerk" to " their,"

in 23 L.

Pr. 8. L. 7. After " Bonds" insert " amounting in the whole to the said 5,870 odd Pounds, and such other Debts, as may assect the said real Estate, and may be " charged thereupon."

L. 8 th. Leave out " in priority of Time, as " the said Debts upon Mortgages and Judgments, and " afterwards upon Bonds, were contracted."

Pr. 9. L. 3d. Leave out " and the said Portion or Portions of such Daughter or Daughters, dying," and, instead thereof, to insert " shall determine, and " the Portion for such Daughter, so dying before her " Portion shall become due, shall go.to the Survivor " of such Daughters, and, in case of the Death of " both the said Daughters, before either of their said Portions shall become due, the said Portions."

Pr. 10. L. 27th. After " D" insert " the Father, " deceased."

Ordered, That Mr. Bojcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Freservation of the Game, without any Amendment:

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate, in London, late the Estate of William Williams, Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord William Powlet t reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of John Baker, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 28. After to insert " and:*

Line 34. To leave out " he will."

And the same were, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for the better Discovery of the Estate of John Aynjworth, late of London, Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in PcndarVi*' relation to Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided Estate. for him out of Lands in Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Francis Gentleman, Sarsfield'*

was read a Second time. Estate,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coningsby, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Afgill, Sir Daines,

Mr. Strode, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Nevill,

Sir Cha. Turner, Sir JoJ. Jekyll, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. North, Mr. Tates, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Toke, Mr. Manley, Mr. Clayton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing of the several Acts therein Poor Laws, mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Defect of nn Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John Canham,

Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Totteridge, in lieu of£. 1,300, the Remainder of a Sum of Money, agreed to be laid out in a Purchase, without any Amendments:

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free Ship, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to Crofte'sDebt whom the Petition of John Crofj'e, Merchant, was referred; to llieC‘0',vn* that they had examined and considered the famej and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Crosse, Merchant, hath fully proved the Allegations in his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, TJiat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of his said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Cha. Turner and Mr. Strode do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Ra;(r,s the raising the Militia for the Year 1707, notwithstanding Militia, the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy-money; and that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Barker do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

ttc.

Canham's

Estate.

Prince

Skip.

»* An ingrossed Bill for the better Discovery of the Estate Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Duties on of Mr. John Aynsworth, late of London, Merchant, was of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ease of her Salt, &«. read the Third time. Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt,

Vol. 15. 4R and

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Ways and Means,

342 150 Ma 170

and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alicts Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing a further Premium upon malted Wheat exported.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved*That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Moor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are ' as follow; viz.

I ft. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties, payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, which by an Act, of the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign, have Continuance until the 24th Day of June, 1710, shall be further granted and continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the 23d Day of June, 1710, for the Term of Ninety-six Years from thence next ensuing.

2d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, there be paid for every Barrel of Sweets, made for Sale, from and after the 24th Day of , 1706, for the Term of 99 Years from thence next ensuing, the Sum of 3C s. and so proportional'y for any greater or leller Quantity, to be paid by the Maker of such Sweets.

3d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the overplus Money, arising by the Rates and Duties of Excise, which were granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen (of glorious Memory) by an Act, of the 4th Year of their said Majesties Reign, for the Term of 99 Years therein mentioned, and are liable to the Payment of several Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship, and other Annuities, Avail, from and after the 29th Day of 1710, be appropriated towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

4th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandizes imported and exported, which were lirft granted to King Charles the 2d, in the 12th Year of his Reign, for his Life, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the First Day of August, 1706, and by an Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making good Deficioncies, and preserving the publick Credit," are granted to continue until the Fiift Day of 1710 (except

such of the said Duties, as have been taken away, or lessened, by Acts of Parliament) (Hall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July, 1710, to the First Day of , 1712, and no longer.

5th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines and Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Goods, charged therewith, which were first

granted to King Jan:es the id, in the First Year of his Reign, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the First Day of August, 1706, and by an Act, of the I'irll Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making good Deficiencies, and " preserving the publick Credit," are granted to continue until the First Day of 1710 (except such

of the said Impositions and Duties, as have been taken away, or lessened, by Acts of Parliament) shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Success'ors, from the last Day of July, 1710, to the First Day of August, 1712, and no longer.

6th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the additional Rates, Duties, and Impositions, which were at first granted to King William and Queen Mary, in the 4th Year of their Reign, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the First Day of August, 1706, and by an Act of the l irft Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick " Credit," are granted to continue until the First Day of August, 1710 (except such of the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, as have been taken away, or lessened, by Acts of Parliament)shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July, 1710, to the First Day of , 1712, and no lonper.

7th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the several Impositions and Duties upon Whale-fins imported, which were granted to his late Majesty King William, by an Act, of the 91h Year of his Reign, and by an Act, of the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, were continued until the First Day of August, 1710, be further continued, from the last Day of July, 1710, until the First Day of August, 1712, and no longer.

8th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the Time, that all the Principal and Interest, which by the said Act, of the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, are charged upon the said Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and East India Goods, and upon the said additional Impositions, and upon the fad Duties upon Whale-fins, shall be paid off, and satisfied, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, the said Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, for the Remainder of the Term, to end the First of August, 1712, shall be appropriated towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The ill, 2d, 3d, and 4th, of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 5th Refilution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were propostd to be made thereunto; viz.

After " Wines" to leave out " and

After " Vinegar" to insert " and

After " Tobacco" to leave out " and, " and inlert " which were granted first to King James the Second, " in the first Year of his Reign, and the Impositions " upon

After the Words " were first" to leave out " King tc James the 2d, in the First Year of his," and inferc " their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, " in the 2d Year of their."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were granted first to King James the 2d, in the first Year of his Reign, and the Impositions

6 AnN.

i 5° — 170 Martii.

Supply Bill; Duties on Houses.

fitions upon East India Goods, and other Goods, charged therewith, which were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in the 2d Year of their Reign, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the First Day of August, 1706, and by an Act of the First Year of her Majesty's lteign, intituled, "An Act for making good " Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit," are granted to continue until the First Day of August, 1710 (except such of the said Impositions and Duties, as have been taken away, or lessened, by Acts of Parliament) shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of , 1710, to the First Day of August, 1.712, and no longer.

The 6th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " or leflcned."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the additional Rates, Duties, and Impositions, which were at first granted to King William and Queen in

the 4th Year of their Reign, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the First Day of August, 1706, and by an Act, of the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit," are granted to continue until the First Day of 1710 (except such of the said Rates, Duties, and Im-pefition?, as have been taken away by Acts of Parliament) shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of , 1710, to the First Day of August, 1712, and no longer.

The 7th and 8th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, is committed, that they leave out of the said Bill the said additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and, in lieu thereof, do insert the said Duties on low Wines, and Spirits, and the Duties, payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and the said Duties on Sweets, and the said overplus Moneys, arising by the Rates and Duties of Excise, as Part of the Fund for Payment of the said Annuities, and other the Uses in the said Bill, pursuant to the three first of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the five last of the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they do bring in a Clause of Credit into the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding £. 1,500,000, is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 8. L. 5. after "weekly" to insert "or other."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Hills, Vol. 15.

345

whereby a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred Tliouland Pounds, is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pit:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, with an Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Inrolments of Bargains, and Sales, within the West Riding of the County of York, in the Register Office there lately provided, and for making the said Register more effectual, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of and the Town

of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, be taken into Consideration upon Tueflay Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Sir Gilbert Heathcott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was committed; that they had considered the Petition to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 170 d Martii;

Anno 6° Ann® Regin®, 1706.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Vonho and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Beaufort, from the Portions of his Daughters, and younger Children, by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Goring, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Yates, Mr. Coke, Sir JoJ. Jekyll, Mr. Granville, Mr. Manley, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Laharne, Mr. Pynnell, Mr.

Mr. Monti on, Lord Powlet, Mr. Trotman, Sir William Haines, Sir Tho. Powys, Colonel Kendall, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Brydges, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Fox, Mr. Maifers, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Mor ley; and all, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester,

Monmouth,

Fornhill

Hoad.

York

Registry*

Fornhill

Road.

State of Trade.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Vanholte'*, &c. Nat.

Duke of

Beaufort's

Estate.

Baker's

Kelicf.

Chelfe3

College*

Vfevideefofd's

Eftafc.

Birmingham

Church.

344 17° Mar tit.A. 1706.

Monmouth, and Wales i And they are to meet this After- Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was committed;

noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and that they had made several Amendments to the Bill,

have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records. which they had directed him to report to the Houfo:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of John Baker, was at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read

read the Third time. throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto

be, An Act for the Relief of John Baker, his Mother, by the House.

Brother, and Sillers, Widow, and Children, of Colonel Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Henry Baker, deceased. ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence there- A Petition of the articled Clerks in the Six Clerks Reducing ttnto. Office in Chancery, was presented to the House, and Clerk, in Sir

read; setting forth, that a Bill being now depending in er Cfc

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the this House, for reducing the Number of the ftvorn House, a Bill for veiling Lands in Chelsea, in the County Clerks in the Six Clerks Office, the Petitioners are of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheyne, advised, that some Clauses in the said Bill will be very Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, prejudicial to the Petitioners, who have been placed in

for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other the said Office by their Friends and Relations, for con-Lands there in John Lord Vaughan, Earl of Carberyin siderable Sums to their Mailers, and no Care or Pro-

lr eland, and his Heirs; and the same was received. vision is thereby taken for them; but, on the contrary,

such Alterations are thereby made of the ancient Course A Petition of Elizabeth Wandesford, late Widow and and Practice of the said Office, and of the Covenants Relidl of Garret Foulk, Esquire, who, with five of her between the Petitioners, and their Matters, that the Brothers, was killed in the Service, and of Elizabeth Petitioners are in danger (after many Years Service, and FoUlke, her Daughter, was presented to the House, and without Fault) to be ruined, unless relieved by the House; read; setting forth, that her said Husband was, for his And praying to be relieved by the House against such early Service to King William in Ireland, condemned for Parts of the Bill, as tends to their Prejudice; and that high Treason, and lay 16 Months in Prison at Galway, they may be heard by Counsel thereupon, had all his real and personal Etlate seized, and the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Petitioner, her aged Mother, and Children, exposed to be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is great Misery: That after the Battle at the Boyn her committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Husband was at Liberty, and voluntarily went into the Counsel before the said Committee thereupon, if they Service, where he, and five of the Petitioner's Brothers, think fit. were killed: That, in Consideration of their Services,

the late Queen Mary granted a Pension, of £.200 per A Bill for continuing of the several Afla therein PoorL*w

Annum, for the Support of the Petitioner, and her mentioned, was read a Second time.

Mother, and Children; That his late Majesty directed a Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Grant of to much of the forfeited Lands in Ireland, as Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the Com-£. 200 per Annum, to the Petitioner, in lieu of the said mittee, who are appointed to inquire into the Laws Pension, which (he surrendered up, but had no Lands expired, or near expiring.

passed to her, by reason of the Act for Sale of the Irish Ord, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Forfeitures; and, upon Application to this House for mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for

Relief, a Bill passed this House, for the Trustees to explaining a Clause in the Act, of the 12th and 13th

demise £.200 per Annum, of the Irish forfeited Lands, Years of his late Majesty's Reign,' intituled, "An Act

for the equal Benefit of the Petitioner, her Mother, and for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the

Children, and was read in the House of Lords; but by " Harbour of for the Benefit and support of

reason of the Petitioner's Sickness then happening to her, " the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom," relating

and the Shortness of the Stfiion, the Bill never passed to the repairing the Highways, leading to the Town of

into an Act, to the utter Ruin of the Petitioner, and Birdlipp, at the Top of Hills, and in the County

the Dependants of the said Pension, who have received of Gloucester.

no Benefit firtce the said Surrender thereof (being above

eight Years since) have run themselves very much in Debt Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) presented to CrolTe's DcU for their Support: And praying the House to take their the House, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, to the Cnmn. miserable same into Consideration, and give them such or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being.

Relief, as shall be thought fit. to compound with John CroJJe, Merchant, and his Se-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be curities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty; and referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the the same was received.

Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion

therein, to the House; The Orders of the Day being read;

And it is referred to Lord Fairfax, Sir Fran. Masham , Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Fnwub by- Mr. Tates, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Call hr of, Mr. Moor, Mr. the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Bankmpii. Pou/they, Sir John Cope, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Mona on, Sir an A&> of the last Sessions of Parliament, for preventing

Robert Eden, Sir Richard Sanford, Mr. Squire, Mr. Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was com-Barker, Lord Poivlett, Sir Edward Lawrence, Sir Johnmitted, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Spencer, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Lowther, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt,

Mr. Woollafion, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Brewer, Sir Tho. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Supply Bills Littleton, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Win. Gojlwick, Mr. Fox, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing continuing Sir John Woolf etiholm, Mr. Ash, Mr. Annejley-, and all, such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and Duties,

that serve for the Counties of York, Northumberland, such of the Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Cumberland, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of Chamber. certain overplus Moneys, or otherwise, for Payment of

Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other

the Bill for building a Church, and Farfonage House, Uses therein expressed, was committed, that they do and making a n,ew Church-yard, and a new Parish, in provide, that, in case the Funds, to be charged by the

19 feid

Ways and Means.

Sale of Lands at ‘Ratcliff* Guley.

Chelsea

College.

Duties on £alt, &c.

Fitch's

Estate*

Chaplain.

6 Ann. 170 — 18 0 Marti345

laid BilJ with the said Annuities, fcould not be sufficient, that the same shall be supplied out of any other Aids, to be granted in Parliament.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratclifft Cu/ey, in the County of Leicej, to be sold, upon the settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be loid are settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MefiTengers withdrew.

A Bill for vetting Lands in in the County of

Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Vi (count

Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there in John Lord Vaughan, Karl of Carbery in,

and his Heirs, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for permitting the Importation of Cochineal from any Parts in Amity with her Majesty, during the War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martts, 18* die Martii;

Anno 6* Anna Regina, 1706,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of fVm. , Esquire,

in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifter's Portion, and other Debts, and for preserving the residue free from all Power of Waite, and for settling certain Tythes in the Isle of Wight to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 4. L. 6. to leave out " Titles," and insert " Tythes."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Address of this House be renewed Vol. 15.

to her Majesty, That Ihe will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Thomas Goddard, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

A Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- croife'* Debt missioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to com- to the Crown, pound with John Crojfe, Merchant, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was read the First time/

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Reynell reported from the Committee, to whom Lee's Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the York Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, within the West Riding of the County o (York, in the Register Office there lately provided, and for making the said Register more etteftual.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Skin, L. 31. After " being" add " together with " one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said " Riding."

34 L. Leave out from Sales" to the First " and, " in the next Line.

38 L. Leave out " or proved."

3d Skin, ill L. Leave out from " registered" to " and, " in the 19 L.

4 Skin, 10 L. Leave out " and Additions;" and before the Word " Defendants" insert " the Names and " Additions therein of the."

6 Skin, 6 L. Instead of " aforesaid" insert " therein "mentioned."

18 L. Insert Clause A, next after the Ryder.

Clause A. " Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted,

that, if any Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance, be " registered in the said Register Office within thirty " Days after the acknowleging, or signing, thereof, all " the Lands, that the Defendant, or Conulor, had at " the time of such Acknowlcgement, or Signing, shall " be bound thereby.

Ordered, That Mr. Monfiton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said_ Amendments.

A Bill for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in Ptndarvu' relation to Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided Estate. for him out of Lands in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the B.ll be committed to Mr.

Sir John Holland, Mr. Strode', Mr. Mvfgrave. Sir Jo.

Mordaunt, Mr. Motley, Mr. Ettric Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Johnson, Colonel Lee, Mr. Dockminique Mr. Squire, Mr. Owen, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Onslow, Mr, Dry den, Mr. Varney, Mr. Harley, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Townsend,

Mr. Barker, Mr. Parker, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Annefey, Mr. PoultneMr. Afgill, Mr.

Fulham, Mr. England, Mr. Booth, Mr. Thornhagh; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Francis Armiger, and Gabriel Armiger, Ditt*. was presented to the House, and read; letting foith, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for Relief of

4 S Alexander

346

i8‘ Martii.

A. x 706,

Copy Right

of printed Books.

Colonel Rice obliged to account.

Sale of Lands at Ratcliffe Culcy.

Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in relation to £.5,000 and Interest, provided for him out of L^nds in Ireland: That the Petitioners have Claims to the Sum of £.558, Part thereof, with Interest; and, if the said Bill should pals, it may debar the Petitioners of their Right: And pray* ing.that they may be heard, touching their Claims, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom, the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think lit.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Copies of printed Books, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Edward Harley (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted him last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culcy, in the County of Leicester, to be sold, upon the settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be Ibid.are settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Discharging Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for discharging small Vicarages of Vicarages of First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears First iruits, thereof be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning

#CC§ j

next.

Droitwich A Petition of Robert Esquire, was presented

Salt Springs. the House, and read; letting forth, that the Corporation of Droitwich had for many Years monopolized the making of Salt, and fold it at ij. 10 a Bushel, until the Petitioner (by several expenfiveSuits, which cost him above £.5,000) recovered his Right of making Salt, and reduced the Price to Bushel; and now there

is twenty times more Salt made, than during the Monopoly; and the Petitioner has enjoyed his said Right for many Years j but the Bill in the House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in and the

Rights of the Proprietors thereof, will effectually ruin the Petitioner's Works, to the utter impoverishing of himself, and Family: And praying that he may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the Committee, upon the said Petition, if he think fit.

Brerewood's A Petition of George Read, Goldsmith, East, Estate. Laceman, Richard Sadler, Boot-maker, and Gwynnet Westmacolt, Sadler, on behalf of themselves, and clivers other Creditors of T Brerewood, Gentleman, was presented to the Hoyle, and read; setting forth, that Mr. Brerewood having, pursuant to Articles of Agreement with the Creditors of Tho. Pitkin, to their Content, paid the whole Debt by him owing to the Estate of Pitkin, to the amount of between 20 and £.30,000 . looked on Brerewood to be a substantial Man, and the Petitioners gave him Credit, and lent him Money on his own Bond; but there is a Bill brought into the House, to subject the Estate of the said Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Tho. Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thom. Pitkin; whereby Brerewood is to be made a Bankrupt, and the Commissioners of Bankrupt against Pitkin, and their Assignees, to be vested in the Eftat e 22

of Brerewood, and the just Debts of Brerewood to be

paid through their Hands before a certain Time not yet named, but the other Creditors to have no Satisfaction, as the Bill is foamed; which is without Precedent; and the greatest Part of BrerewooeTs Estate will be eaten up by the exorbitant Fees, and Expences, of the Commissioners, and the Assignees; and the Petitioners are in danger of losing their Debts, or having a very flow and flender Payment: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard thereupon by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

A Bill for obliging John Rice to account for Deben- Col. Rica tures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and obliged to to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the accouBt* fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Brtrewocfi subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors Estate of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Tho.

Pitkin, is committed, have Power to fit de die in diem.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Reerw'ting for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and -^?e I-an<1 the Marines, for the Year 1707, without any Amend- orcefc ment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Importing Act to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they relate to such Laces, with feme Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the encouraging the Apprehend-discovery and apprehending of House-breakers, be read in£ Hous*. the Third time upon Thursday Morning next. breaker,.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity.

Delays is Suits.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Regulating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Six Clerk* House, upon the Bill forgiving the Six Clerks in Chan- Office, eery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Snfferersin whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Plantations in Nevis and the Islandt of Nevis and St. Chrifiophe in America, and St- Christo-Merchants trading to the lame, on the behalf of them- Pters* selves, and others, the Inhabitants, and Traders to the said Islands, was referred, be taken into Consideration this Day, after the Committee of the whole House, who fire to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Fornhill

Road.

6 Ann.

i8° — V9" Mtiftii.

Frand* by 'Ordered, That the Considerat^oip of Jtbic Report from Bankrupts, the Committee, to whom the 6ill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliqme.pt; for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was committed, be further adjourned till Morning

next.

Ways The House resolved Jtself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair o'f the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Fitch's The Lords have agreed to the . Amendment, made

Mau. by this' Hqufe to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part, of the Eftqte of William Fitch, Esquire, lying in the County of Dorset, in fruftees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifter's Portion, and other»Debts, and for preferring the residue free from all Power of Waste, and for settling certain Tythes in the Isle of Wight to the same Uses: .»

Rich's Debt The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, to tlw Crown. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, tp compound with Nathaniel Esquire, latp Receiver General for the County of , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Suffers*- iu The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of phers. 11 °* foveral Proprietors of Plantations in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers in and Merchants trading to the fame, on the behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants, and Traders to the said lilands.

And the same was again read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to appoint such Persons, as her Majesty shall think fit, to enquire into the trufc State of the Losses of the People of the Islands of Nevis and St. Chrifiophe in order to lay the fame; before this House the next Sessions of Parliament; and, in the rtiean Time, that Ihe will be graciously pleased, but of the plublick Money, granted this Session of Parliament, to apply what may be convenient, for the better securing those'Islands, and supplying them with Necessaries, in order to a Re-settlepient.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Mar tit;

Anno 6* Anns Regins, 1706.

347

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.:

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for building a Parish Church, and providing a Parsonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and new Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Shackerley reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of John Pye was referred, the Resolutions, which they had directed him. to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the- same were read; and are as follow

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ad-cording to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that Mr. Shackerley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Elizabeth Wandesford, late Widow and Relict of Garratt Foulke, Esquire, and of

Foulk, her Daughter, was referred, the Resolutfons, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Plate, and.afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as fellow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, the House be moved, that a Bill be brought in, or a Clause be added to some Bill depending, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Fairfax and Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

Ordered, That no more private Bills be brought into this House, during this Session, but such, as are already ordered.

A Petition of Colonel John Rice, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was' present.d to the House, and read; setting forth, that'*if the Bill, Yesterday brought into the House, to oblige the Petitioner to account for Debentures, granted him last Sessionsi of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame, should pass into a Law, it will not only deprive the Petitioner of his Liberty, but he, and his Family, will thereby be utterly ruined, and want Bread: And praying, that he may be beard by Counsel, what he has to offer against the said Bill; and that he may have his Liberty (upon such Security, as the House shall think fit) in order to instruct his Counsel, and make such other Preparations, as shall be requisite for his Defence.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prayers. for vesting a Mansion-house, and Lands thereunto ad-

Binnineham \ N ingrafted Bill for building a Church, and Par-' joining; in the County of the Estate of Wil-

Church. l\ lonage House, and making a new Church-yard, liam Hide, Merchant, in Trustees, to be forthwith fold, and a hew Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of War- for the better Maintenance, and present Provision; of wick, was read the Third time. his Children, was read a Second time.

; And some Amendments were proposed to be made Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heysham, to tht Bill; viz. Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Johnson, Mr.. Peyton, Mr.

Press L To insert enacted Mr. Archer, Mr, Clayton, Sir Hen. Colt,

Pr. 7. L. To leave out " the' and insert " they." Mr. Tates, Sir fho. Littleton, Sir John Holland, Mr.

Voi.. 15. Moor,

Pye's Debt to the Crown*

Wandesford'*

Estate.

Private Bills:

Obliging Col. Hire to account.

Hide's Estate.

348 190 Martii . 1706.

Moor, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Nevill, Mr. , Mr. Afgill;

and all the Merchants of the House, and all, that terve for the Counties of Mand Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ways Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (according to Or-and Means, der) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties (commonly called the 3d Part of a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage) which by an Act of Parliament, of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of " Tonage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals,

" Chlm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excite, and for lettling and establishing a Fund thereby,

" and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to "her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1706, and " other Uses therein mentioned," were granted, and continued to be paid, for and upon all Wines, which from and after the 8th Day of , 1706, during the Term of Ninety-eight Years from thence next eniuing, should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and for and upon all manner of Goods and Merchandizes, which from and after the said 8th Day of March, 1706, during the said Term of 98 Years, should be imported or brought into this Realm, or any her Majesty's Dominions, to the same belonging, by way of Merchandize (except as therein is excepted) be further granted, and continued, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the Expiration of the said Term of Ninety-eight Years, for the Term of one Year from thence next and immediately ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the overplus Moneys, to arise yearly by the Funds, settled by the Act, of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing an additional " Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and certain Duties <( upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional " Duties of Excise, and for lettling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for " Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year " 1706, and other Uses therein mentioned," which overplus Moneys do belong to her Majesty, for the publick Use, shall be appropriated as a further Security for Payment of the Annuities to be purchased, to raise Money towards the Supply granted to her Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, was committed, that they do insert the said Duties, and Overplusses, as further Securities for the Annuties to be purchased.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to give further Time for Payment of the stamp'd Duties,

which have been omitted to be paid, and thereupon to be discharged from the Penalties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to poor Law*, whom the Bill for continuing the several Acts therein &« mentioned, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, upon the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this House) be made Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Sir William Ashhurst reported from the Committee, Foreip. to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Com- made pany, of Gun-makers, of the City of London, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the said Petition being read at the Committee, the Commissioners of the Ordnance did admit, that there was a Debt due to the Petitioners, of about £.30,000, and that 10,000 Arms were bought in Holland, for the Lord Rivers' Expedition, which cost about £ 8,000, and would haVecoft about £. 11,000 here; and that 10,000 Arms more were bespoke for the Service of Ireland.

That then the Petitioners proceeded to prove the other Allegations of their Petition; and for that Purpose called,

John Sibley, late Master-of the Gun-makers Company; who said, that the said Company have made 70,000 Arms in a Year, and can furnish the Government with 30,000 Arms every six Months; and the said Company will contract so to do; and, when sent for to the Ordnance Board, offered to supply those Arms, that were bought in Holland, provided they might be paid their laid Debt, or some Part, thereby to enable them to pay their Men, and have such Encouragement, as the Merchants give.

That the said Company always used to furnish England and Ireland with Arms; but since her Majesty's Accef-lion to the Crown have had but one Year's Work for her Service, although they made 40,000 Arms for the King of Portugal the last Year, by Leave of the Board of Ordnance; and that their Work has been at a Hand for a Month or six Weeks together, for want of a Proof by the proper Officers, who have alleged, other Business, hindered them from Dispatch therein; and this within six Months last: And said, they do not find fault with the Government's Pay, but, if they had Interest for their Debts (in like manner as the Navy's) they could the better be able to carry on their Work, and tell cheaper.

Mr. Hawkins, Gunsmith, said, he was put out of the Queen's Work, and afterwards, upon his Application to the Duke of Marlborough, he was permitted to make 100 Guns; and that he has (laid three Weeks for a Proof.

Mr. Barber, Gun-maker, laid, that several Regiments have been furnished with Dutch Arms, particularly the Lord Mordaunt's. Lord Essex, and Colonel Langston's,

as he was informed; but the Lord Mordaunt told him, he bought Accoutrements in Holland for his whole Regiment.

That the Petitioners produced to the Committee an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny or Desertion; wherein there is a Provilb, That all Cloathes, Arms, and Accoutrements of War, belonging to the Horle, Foot, and Dragoons, in her Majesty's Pay and Service, who receive English Pay, shall be bought in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and not elsewhere; and every Officer, or Person, who shall offend herein (upon Proof made ip that behalf) shall be cashiered.

That

6 Ann. t9 Mar549

That then the Petitioners called Evidence to other Matters relating to their Petition;

Mr. Vaughan, Gun-maker, said, that about a Year ago, he made a Lock by a Dutch Pattern, with Improvements, for the Surveyor of the Ordnance, to send to Holland, as Mr. IVoulrich and Mr. Crips, Clerks of the Ordnance Office, told him; but, he iupposes, the Lock was bespoke, in order to make such in;

and that no Price was put to him for the Lock.

Mr. Woolrich and Mr. Crips, laid, that Vaughan did

make a Lock from a Dutch Pattern; but that it was not lent to Holland; and that three Locks were made from that Pattern.

Mr. Sibley said, he made a Pattern of a Gun, and asked the Surveyor of the Ordnance 2 for it; but he bid him nothing, and told him, he should hear further from him; which he has not yet done.

Mr. Huggins, Gun-maker, laid, he saw two Dutch Pattern Guns, which were both defective, and would blow in the Britch; and the Cocks being too short, would miss Fire, as often as hit.

Mr. Nutt said, he had the Queen's Mark in his Hand, which was to be put on Guns, made in Holland, as Mr. Eyres, the Surveyor's Clerk, told him.

Mr. Brush said, that Mr: Eyres sent for him, and Huggins, and others, to the Ship Tavern in Water; where he asked them several Questions, for the making and proving of Guns; and he took Directions in Writing, in order to lay them before the Ordnance Board, for the Service in H as Mr. Eyres said; and that he asked Brush, if he would go into Holland, to view and try Arms there; and, if he would, that he would endeavour to contrail with the Board for ioj. a a Day: to which Brush laid, he would go on those Terms.

Huggins said, that he was at the Tavern with Mr. Eyres and Brush; and Mr. Eyres took Instructions for trying and viewing of Arms; which he carried away, saying, it was for fume Service Abroad; but did not hear any Talk of the Proposal to Brush.

Mr. Phillips, and Mr. Britain said, they were at the Ship Tavern with Mr. Eyres and Brush; and that Mr. Eyres did take Instructions for making and trying of Guns; and he said they were to go for Holland.

Lewis Barber laid, that one Barryon, a Gun-lmith, was sent over into Holland, to view Arms there j and believes, he is an Armourer for Ireland.

Mr. Eyres said, he believes he might draw up some Method for proving of Arms, and might alk the Petitioners Directions therein, as also, how to examine a Lock; which was to improve his Judgment, that he might be more serviceable in his Station: That he did give those Instructions to Mr. Bridges; but denies, he laid, that they were to be sent to Holland; nor does he know, they were lent; nor did he treat with Brush about his going, nor had any Directions so to do.

Colonel Burr said, that in his Service at , his

Regiment was furnished with English Arms from the Tower of London, many whercofwere very bad, and burlt

in firing; since which he has bought 400 Muskets of Mr. Hawkins aforesaid, at 2ir.a-piece, whichhaveproved very good Arms.

Mr. Lacock said, that at the Siege of Carrick Fergus he was Lieutenant of a Company, which bore Dutch Arms j and cut of 50, 25 burst in firing; in one Night; and believes, Dutch Arms will not hand the English Proof.

That the Petitioners having finished their Evidence;

The Commissioners of the Ordnance affirmed, as Fact, to the Committee, that the io, oco Arms, for the Ex-, pedition of the Earl of Rivers, were procured from the States of Holland, out of their Arsenal at at

the Instigation cfColonel Blood,_ by the Direction of her Majesty, and not by any Order of the Ordnance Board; and they were paid for by Order of the Lord . Treasurer, by Direction under her Majesty's Signjma-

Yon. 15.

nual; and that they were not for the Use of any Forces in her Majesty's Pay.

That the said 10,000 Arms for Ireland, were bespoke in Holland by Lieutenant General Ingoldsby, Mailer of the Ordnance in Ireland, and Major Comptroller of the Irish Ordnance, by Order of the Queen and Council, and are paid for out of the Revenue of Ireland.

That the Petitioners have been paid in Course, and are no more in Arrear, than other Artificers.

And to justify their Proceedings in the other Matters, charged upon them, produced several Witnesses; viz.

Major General Wythers, and Colonel Tatton; who laid, that about four Years ago there was a general Complaint-of the Colonels in Flanders, that their Mea were afraid to fire their Arms (which were English, marked with King William's and King James's Marks) by reason of their frequent burlting; and thereupon the Duke of Marlborough appointed them to view the Arms in the Tower of London; which they did accordingly; and found many of them defeClive, both in the Locks and Barrels; but since that time such Care hath been taken, that the Arms, marked with Queen Anns Mark; have proved very good, and no Complaint made.

Mr. Gardner, Storekeeper of the Tower small Arms, produced a State of small Arms in the Tower on the 26th of January, 1705; viz.

Snaphance Muskets - 7,695.

Carbines three Foot - 1,356.

Pillols - - - - 722 Pair.

And said, that about January, 1705, the Board of Ordnance ordered the Gun-makers to attend then?, and told them, they had great Occasions for Arms; and the Board urged them to use their utmost Diligence; and that as soon as they had finished one Contrail, the Surveyor ordered another Contrail for more Work, some whereof are not yet completed; and never heard the Gun-makers say, they could riiake above 10,000 Arms in Half a Year, such as the Service required.

Mr. Eyres and Mr. Mercato, Clerks of the Ordnance; laid, that the Gun-makers were summoned to attend the Ordnance Board in January, or February, 1705 j who told them, the Government had great Occasions for Arms, asking what Quantity they could make: Whereupon they made many Demurrs; and laid, they could not answer the Demand, by making such, as the Service', required by the Standard Pattern, because they could not get Locks; but could make enough of such, as they formerly made; and the most they proposed to make, was 10,coo Arms in six Months.

That from April, 1705, to September last, the Gun-makers were fully employed, and might have had more Work, if they would have done it, being often pressed to dispatch what they had in hand, and to enter into new Contrails; but several of the chief Gun-makers-said, they had rather work for the Merchants, than the Queen; and that the greatest Part of the Arms made in the Time aforesaid, was done by the younger. Mailers of the Trade, some of whose Contrails are not yet finished; and that the Queen's Arms are much better, than those made for Portugal, or the Merchants.

Mr. Towle, a Gun-maker, said, that from 1705, to September last, he had as much Work as he could do;

but that, ifhehadhad more Money, he could have made more Arms.

Mr. Huggins, Gun-maker, said, that the Gun-makers had as much Work, as they could do, between April, 1705, and September last; but they often complained, that they could not get Pattern Locks enough, for want of Money, which hindered them from making a greater Number of Arms, than they did: And believes, some had not finished their Warrants in September last; and that the Queen's Arms are better, than those made for Portugal, or the Merchants, by near one Half,

Mr. Eyres said, that a Pattern Gun of Lieutenant General Engoldsby's, bought in Holland for about 20

4 T was

35°

iqf — 20° Martii.

A. 170

Duties oa Salt, Sec*

was shewn to the Gun-makers, and aiked, at what Price they would make such Guns; and Tome said, at 46*. others at 401. and the lowed 35J. but Mr. Sibley made an Arm, which he prized at 26s. not like the Pattern Arm.

That Mr. Sibley, being again examined, confirmed what he laid before: And further said, that before 1705 the Gun-makers Company petitioned the Ordnance Board for Work; and from.April, 1705, to September lad, bad full Employment; and be made 1,500 Arms in the Time of his Contract.

That by their Charter they are obliged wholly to apply themselves to the Service of the Government, if required.

That by employing Blackliniths, and unskilful Per-(ons, at Portsmouth, and other Places, for fixing up of

Arms, the London Gun-makers Work is much prejudiced.

And said, that his 2 6s.Arm is as good and firm, as the Pattern Arm abovesaid.

Resolved , That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that, for the future, all Cloathes, Arms, and Accoutrements of War, for the Horse, Foot, or Dragoons, in her Majesty's Pay, or Service, be bought in England, as far as is confident with the Service.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Fled), Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alas Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clayton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to eceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Edate, for the Payment of the lame, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornkill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a dock.

Jovis, 200 Martii;

Anno 6* Ann* Reginae, 1706.

Prayers.

j\/jA R GRIEF A Lo took the Oaths appointed,

in order to her Naturalization.

Thomeur*, Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, Ac. Nat. to w}j0rn the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others, was committed; that they had made several Amend-

StaU of Trade.

Col. Rice obliged to ccouat.

Fornhill

Road.

ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for veiling Lands in Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheney, Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there in John Lord Vaughan Earl of Car-bery in Ireland, and his Heirs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. "Dutton Colt, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Pinfent Sir

fVm. Ashhurst, Mr. Monson, Mr. Peyton, Lord Bruce, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Squire, Sir John Mordaunt, Lxjrd Powlet, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Mr. Varney, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Dailies, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Strode, Sir Rich.

Sir Godfry Copley, Lord Hertford, Mr. Topham, Mr.

Pitfield, Mr Owenj and all, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Essex: Ar.d they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Person?, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Michael Miles was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, that the Petitioner having on his own Account, as also by Commission from Abroad, bought divers Goods and Merchandizes of several Persons, and shipped them for foreign Parts, one Tho. Pitkin failing, several of his Creditor violently seized the Goods, and stopt the Ships, until they had taken out the Goods; for which the Petitioner might bring an Action of Trover, to recover the Value, and also of Trespass, for the Damage, but was prevailed on by one Brerewoodto enter into Articles of Agreement

between Brerewood, and the said Creditors, and others, upon Assurance, that the Petitioner should receive full Satisfaction for his Goods out of Pitkin % Effects, after Payment of 8 s.6d. in the Pound to his Creditors: That the 8j. 6 d.per Pound has been paid, and the Petitioner ought to have Satisfaction for his Goods 5 but by the Violence of the said Creditors he is utterly ruined, and is now a close Prisoner in the Bench; where he is-

informed, the Creditors have brought a Bill into this House, to subject the Estate of Tho. Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin; which is a great Surprize to the Petitioner, whose utter Ruin, and perpetual Imprisonment, is thereby intended, if the Bill should pass: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the fame.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act toveft certain Mills, and Lands, in in the County of Wilts, the Estate of William Eyre, a Lunatick, in Trustees tobefold, and forapplyir,g Part of the Moneys, arising bythcSale thereof, for Payment oft he Debts of the said Lunatick, and making forne Provision for Ambrcfe Eyre, his eldest Son, and Heir, and for applying the Residue of such Moneys in purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Ul'es, as the said Premises to be sold are now settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Masham, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Barker, Mr. Guy. Mr. Skippon, Sir Wm. Goflwick, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Mr Strode, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Jof. Tredenbam, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Dryden, Sir John Mr. Owen, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wm. Ashhnrfl, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Bainton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Moor, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. MonSlon, Mr. Porter, Mr. Cox; and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, and

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The

t

Chelsea

Collage.

Brrr«viroo<rt Li t air.

Fvre's

Eliau*.

6 Ann. a o' Mar tit. 351

Wandsford's The Lord Fairfax (according to Order) presented to ElUt*. the House, a Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth Wandsford, and Eliz. Foulke; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Frauds in Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Drawbacks. House, a Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation, and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to reland them in without Payment

of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the East j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Luflring Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords ompany. tQ tjje jI1(jtuiec]> An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Worcester Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ship. whom the Petition of 'Thomas Thomas Hamond,

and John Starke, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship cejier. Captain Thomas Green late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Importing The House proceeded to take into Consideration the reign ces. Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Acts, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Laces, made of Thread, so far as they relate to such Laces.

And the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

I. Skin, 35 L. Leave out from " respectively" to the End of the Bill, and also the Ryder, or Proviso.

Ordered, That Mr. Ire ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Pierrepont's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for tftaic. confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pierrepcnt, Esquire (since deceased) and the honourable Charles Eger ton, Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, to enable Will am and Samuel Pierrepont, Infants,

to make Partition of Land in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands, to be f.ttled to the same Uses; and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peck, Esquire; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Ilumberfton Aifo, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act thuicli. for encouraging the rebuilding the ancient Parish Church of RumberJ'.on, in the Counry of Lincoln, and settling a Rent-charge, of greater Value, on the Bishop of Lincoln, and hisSuccessors, in lieu of the Rectory of and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

King's Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act tuau. for t|ie sa]e of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and Jane, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands, of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; also for giving Liberty to Jane Nicoll, Widow, and the Executors of Sir Wm. Prichard, to pay two Sums, of 4,000 and

£. 2,000, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Lifetime of the said Jane; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Privilege. Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Com-

Vol. 15.

plaint of the Breach of Privilege against George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this tjoufe) and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee have heard the Matter of the Complaint against Wm. Sherwyn, and Eliz. his Wife,-and William Smith, their Attorney, in delivering Declarations in Ejedment to John Grove, and and others, Tenants of George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this House) of Lands in in the County of Berks, in Breach of the Privileges of this House.

And first, Mr. Grove gave the Committee an Account, that he had been Tenant to Mr. Bernard Granville, deceased, and ovas now Tenant of Mr. Geo. Granville, his Son, for Lands in Cleaver, in the County of Berks; and that Mr. Smith, the Attorney, did, four or five Days before Hillary Term last, deliver Declarations to him for those Lands, of the Demile of the said Mr.

Sharwin, and his Wife.

Then Mr. Sherwood gave the Committee an Account, that Mr. Smith had made an Affidavit of the Delivery of the said Declaration (which Affidavit was filed in Court) and had moved the Court for the common Rule for Judgment against the casual Ejedor, for want of Appearance.

And the Copy of the said Record being read; it appeared, that the said Mr. Smith had delivered another Copy of the said Declaration to and

other Tenants.

That the Counsel for Mr. Sherwyn and Mr. Smith endeavoured to excuse the Matter, laying, Mr. Sherwyn. was an unfortunate Gentleman, and in Prison; and Mr.

Smith, the Attorney, was a very young Man: And examined

Mr. Doyley Dyer; who laid, that Mr. Sherwyn had kept several Courts of the Manor, of which the Lands in Question were held, the last of which Courts was held about Christmas; and that Mr. Bezerepretended a Right

to the said Manor, under a Mortgage from Mr. Bernard Granville.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That William Sherwin, in causing Declarations in Ejectment to be delivered to John Grove, and Eliz. and other Tenants of George , Esquire (a

Member of this House) during the Time of Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That William Smith, Attorney at Law, in delivering the said Declarations in Ejedment, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto- by the House.

Ordered, That the said William Sherwin be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William Smith be, for his laid Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Clayton reported frnm the Committee of the whole state of House, who were to consider of the Trade of this King- Trade, dom, that they, having taken into Consideration the Papers, referred to them, concerning the Duties upon Holland, Flanders, and German, Linen, had come to a Resolution, for a Motion to be made to the House, and had also come to another Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved,

J

1

t

554 20° Marhi. A. 1706.

Resolved, That it is Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that flie will be pleased to give Directions, that there be a Review of the Book of Rates, to the end that there may be a greater Equality of Duties established upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be for the Advantage of the Trade of this Kingdom, that the Duties upon all Goods exported be not continued for any longer Term, than they are already granted by Act of Parliament.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will be pleased to give Directions, that there be a Review of the Book of Rates, to the end that there may be a greater Equality of Duties established upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That it will be for the Advantage of the Trade of this Kingdom, that the Duties upon all Goods exported be not continued for any longer Terra, than are already granted by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare the Bill, upon the Resolutions of the 15th Instant, for continuing the Duties of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties therein mentioned, that they do not continue any of the Duties outwards, upon Goods exported, for any longer Term, than they are already granted by Act of Parliament.

Ad valorem Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Dutie*. lay before this House, an Account of the Duties of the unrated Goods, which pay ad , for the Years

1702, 1703, and 1704.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Discharging An ingrossed Bill for discharging small Vicarages of vicarage* of First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof, was read First FruiU, the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That no Rectory, or Vicarage, shall be discharged of First fruits and Tenths, when the Incumbent holds more than one Rectory, or Vicarage, at a time, or has any other ecclesiastical Preferment of per Annum.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank ivas filled up with £. 80.

And then the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to discharge any Benefices, with Cure of Souls, the Tenths whereof were granted by any of her Majesty's Predecessors to any Person or Persons, Bodies politick or corporate.

And the same was once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Frauds in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Drawbacks. were appointed to enquire into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Frauds by The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Bankrupts, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being once read throughout, and then (as far as Clause C) a Second time, one by one, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C, being read a Second time, That where an Oath is required by the said late Act, the Affirmation of the Quakers shall be instead of an Oath;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause D, being read a Second time. That all such Persons, against whom Commissions of Bankruptcy were awarded before the 25th of December, 1706, who surrendered themselves, and Effects, as in the said Act is appointed, shall have the Benefit thereof; and that such Certificates, as have been, or shall be, granted them, shall be effectual, in case four Fifths of their Creditors in Number and Value do allow of the same;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause E, being read a Second time, That no Farmer, Grazier, or Drover of Cattle, shall be entitled to any of the Benefits, given by this or the said late Act, nor be deemed a Bankrupt, within the same, or any former Acts, made against Bankrupts, any Law, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding;

The Clause was amended: And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause F, being read a Second time, That, if a Bankrupt be a Prisoner at the Time of obtaining a Certificate, or at any time after, for any Debt or Damages, due before the Date of his Commission, the Judge of the Court, out of which Process issued for his Confinement (upon proving such Certificate to be duly signed) shall grant a Su/er/edeas to the Bankrupt, for his Dil'charge, upon his entering or filing common Bail, or a commonAppearance, except for criminal Matters;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That absent Persons beyond the Seas, being Bankrupts, shall have the Benefit of the Ad within a certain Time after their return.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall be obliged to repay any Sum of Money, that was actually paid to, or received from, any Bankrupt before the time of suing out a Commission of Bankruptcy against such Person; and that all Contracts, and Sales, before that time made, shall be good, notwithstanding any Act of Bankruptcy within the Meaning of the Statute, of the 2 ill of King James the First, touching Bankrupts.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Book-keeper, Calli-keeper, or Servant, or any other Person by their Order, shall remove, conceal, or imbezzle, any of the Goods, Money, Books, or Effects, wherewith they are entrusted, or alter any Book, with a Design to defraud; with a Blank for the Penalty.

And the Question being pur, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another CJaule was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Ad shall continue in force for Years,

and from thence to the End of next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

And the same being twice read, with a Blank; the Blank was filled up with " Three."

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered,

Apprehending Hotiic-bieakeis-

Delays in bulls-

Duties on belli, (XC«

Col. Rice obliged to account.

Sarsfield'i

Eliate,

6 Ann. ao° — r2

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the encouraging the discovery and apprehending of House-breakers, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, for settling the Rights of the Captors.

And the fume was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank being filled up; the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Other Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 11. To leave out " Person or

The same Line to leave out " hath or

L. 13. To leave out " Person or:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for encouraging the discovery and apprehending of House-breakers.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitfield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TuesdayMorning next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for case of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Fltlh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like Irom Scotland.

!° Martii. 353

Noiray, Balthazard Cornet, Joseph Pottlee, Isaac

cart, John Fredrick Allman, Godfrey Cerre, John tru, Dan. VanderPoll, Paul, Bertrand Ca-

huac, Peter Triguet, Paul Peter Stephen Mayftre, David Godin, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pierrepoint, Esquire (since deceased) and the honourable Charles Egerton Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of folk, Kent, and Surrey, to enable and Samuel

Pierrepont, Infants, to make partition of Land in other Counties, and to fell the lame, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mi flake in the Marriage Settlement of Wm. Peck, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timj.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for encouraging the rebuilding the ancient Parish Church of Humbcrston, in the County of Lincoln, and settling

a Rent-charge, of greater Value, on the Bishop of Lincoln, and his Successors, in lieu of the Rectory of HumberJ!on, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and Jane, his Wife, and for purchasing ether Lands, of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; also for giving Liberty to Jane Nicoll, Widow, and the Executors of Sir ll Hit m

Prichard, to pay two Sums of £. 4,000 and £. 2,000, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Life-time cfahe Laid Jane Nicoll;was read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon next

at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Petition of Colonel R(presented to the House Ycllerday) was again read.

Ordered, That the said Colonel Rice be heard before the Committee by his Counsel, if he think fit, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House (in whose Custody the said Colonel is) do bring tire said Colonel Rice to attend the said Committee upon 'Tuesday next.

Ordered, That Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Annefcy, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Mason, Mr. Dunck, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bofcaiven, Mr. Fra. Godfrey, Mr. Guy, Mr. , be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Francis Sarsfield, in relation to Lands in Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 21 die Martii;

Anno 6* Annae Reginse, 1706.

Prayers.

Tl/fA R TIN Arnants, Stephen Daubur, Philip De

Golz, John Cudde, Frederick Standard, John Mon-ieville, Francis Noiray, Gerard Rasfield, Lewis Cha. V01.15.

Mr. Barker (according to Order) preferred to the House, a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Clause to the Bill for discharging final! Vicarages from First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof.

And the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That the same shall not be construed to extend to discharge any small Livings, or Benefices, with Cure of Souls, the Tenths whereof wer* granted away by any of her Majesty's Predecessors to any Person or Persons, in Perpetuity, before the 3d Day of November, in the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for discharging fmill Livings from their First fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Coniugsby do carry the Bill to Lords, and defirs their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to subject the Estate of Tho. Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Woollaflon accordingly reported from the said

Committee, that they had considered the Petitions to

4 U them

Pierre point'* Estate.

Humberfton

Church.

King'*

Estate-

Railing thn Militia-

Discharging Vicarages of First Fruits,

Brere wood's Estate.

2 x# — 22° Martii.

354

them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were pnee read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Wan-tcsford's Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Eliz.

Estate. Wandesford, and Eliz. be read a Second time

Tomorrow Morning.

Fomhill Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Itoad. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fomhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratfordin the County of -ham, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

A. 170^.

whom the Petition of 'Thomas Bowry, Tho. diamond, Seizureof and John Starke, in the behalf themselves, and divers 'V orccttw others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship War- ' 1|, J' erfer. Captain Thomas Green late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred, be received on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumon, Mr. , Sarsfield'i Mr. Bitfield, Sir Wm. Baines, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bui- Eiim*.

teele, Mr. Aifiaby, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Pedley, Mr. Jejfop, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Francis , in relation

to Lands in Ireland,.is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2 2° Martii;

Anno 6* Annae Reginte, 1706.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee continuing of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing utles' such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain a Clause in the Act, of the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, in relation to Attorneys filing common Bail, and entering Appearances.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill j and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Christophers.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address, in relation to the Plantations of Nevis and St. Christophers, having been pre fen ted to her Majesty;

her Majesty was pleased thereupon to return this most gracious A nfwer:

That Ihe is very well pleased, to find the House of Commons has so compassionate a Sense of the Losses of her Subjects in Nevis and St. Christophers, as also with the Concern they ftiew, upon this Occasion, for the Plantations, which are so justiy entitled to their Care, by the large Returns they make to the Publick; and her Majesty will give the necesiary Orders for what the House has desired in this Matter:

And also, that their Address, in relation to the buying, in England all Cloathes, Arms, and Accoutrements of War, for the Army in her Majesty's Pay, or Service, having been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

That file will endeavour to give Encouragement to the Manufactures of England, upon all Occasions, where it may consist with the publick Service.

Liifiling Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Company.* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Praters.

SIR Richard Onslow reported from the Committee> Earl of to whom the ingossed Bill fsom the Lords, in" Thomond', tituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable *7 Ule*

Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make a Settlement of

his Estate, upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hclford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Punishing for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Mutiny and Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Def*rtion-punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Windwood* to enable Trustees to fell several Lands at , Eftau.

within the Manor of Hartingforbury, in the County of Hertford, and the Manor of the Rectory of bury aforesaid, late the Estate of Windwood, de-

ceased, for Payment of a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, due upon Mortgage, and Bond or Spe-

cialty, and for laying out the residue of the Money, arising by such Sal#, in the Purchase of other Lands or Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Lands are now settled; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Thoma*' Act for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentle- Litatw man, deceased, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Cross* D«bt missioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to com- to the Crow*, pound with John Cross, Merchant, and his Securities,. for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was read the.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry D. Colt, Sir Fra. Mafitam, Mr. Call hr of, Mr. Pitfeild,

Lord Conningsby, Sir Cha. Turner, E. of Hertford, Mr.

Vamey, Mr. Butler, Sir Thomas Webfier, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Skippon, Sir Win.

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Richard Onfiow, Mr.

Mr. Neville, Mr. Booth, Mr. Mr. Trot-

man, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Nicholas, Sir John 16 Sir

5 Ann. 2 2° M

Sir John Packington, Mr. Sir Rebow,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Rcynetts, Sir H. Lyddall, Mr. Carr, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Pedley; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vimvood's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lii'cate. to enable Trustees to fell several Lands at within

the Manor of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford, and the Manor of the Rectory of afore-

laid, late the Estate of Anne deceased', for

Payment of a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, due upon Mortgage, and Bond or Specialty, and for laying out the residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lanids or Tenements, to be lettled to the same Uses, as the said Lands are now settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fendarvi*' Mr. Bulteel reported from the Committee, to whom tHate. the Bill for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in relation to Fivejhousend Pounds, and Interest, provided for him out of Lands in Ireland, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered,'to be added to the Bill, For Laving to Lieutenant General Stuart, and the Lady Grandison, his Wife, all such Right, as they claim in the

Estate.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

stordPfcc" S‘r Francis Child reported from the Committee, to

Jkoads. C whom the Bill for repairing the Highways between Sheppard-shordand the Devizes, and between Hill and Roundford, in the County of ffills, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto ,by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Poor Laws, Colonel Lee reported from the Committee, to whom kc‘ the Bill for continuing the several Acts therein mentioned, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him -to report to the House; Which he read inhis Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then (as far as Clause B) a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time. That no Cattle or Sheep, bought in Smithfield Market, should afterwards be brought thither, and exposed to Sale, on Forfeiture of the fame;

And the Question being put. That this House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative. v

The residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. L5.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and Fraud* by amend an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for Bankrupts, preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Obliging whom the Bill to oblige Henry Bishop, and his Accomplices, to stirrender themselves, together with the Books t" African and Effects of the Royal African Company, was commit- Company, ted, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Fomhilf into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords Ro,d' to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town

of Sloney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

And the feme was once read, and is as follows:

2 Pr. 15 L. After " Pence" insert " except for the " Waggons, Wains, and Carts, loaden with Wheat,

" Barley, or any other Grain, belonging to the Inhabt-f tants of Afpley Guise, Cranfeild, IFooborne,

" Crawley, and Ridgmont, in the said County of Bedford,

" or any and every of them."

The said Amendment was read a Second time.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, fordifegreeing to the said Amendment;

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onfow, Mr.

Mr. Sharp, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bromley, Sir Jo.

Mr. Ireton, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Clark, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Windsor, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Meyle, Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Turner,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Nevile, Mr. Bacon, Sir Phil.

Meadows, Mr. Peyton, Lord IVm. Powlett, Sir John Holland, Mr. Powlett, Sir Roger Hill, Lord Conningsby, Mr.

Vangban: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read; '

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Suppj Bijj whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and Duties, such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Regulating

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Six Clerk's House, upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks inChancery office* a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ThomcurV whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An &c.N«u Act for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Farl of

Thomond's

Estate.

Bishop of

Oxford's

Estate.

Lee's Estate.

Thomas'

Estate.

Bishop of

Oxford's

Estate.

ierrepont's

Estate.

2 4° Ma

A. 1706.

Lun<C)24* die;

Anno 6* Annae Regina?, 1706.

Prayers.

n A NIE LPain, John Mar ft, Lewis , Fre-

derick Hertogh, Jo//« Clay William and

Charles Salomon, took the Oaths appointed, in order to ther Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual a Settlement, made by William Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard her Son, who is an Infant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Partitions, made between William Pierrepont, Esquire,

(since decealedj and the honourable Charles Esquire, and others, offeveral Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, to enable William

and Samuel Pierrepont, Infants, to make Partition of Lands in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Ut'es, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peck, Esquire, be now read the Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Wm Mr. Eyre, Mr. JeJJhp, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Egerton, Sir Henry Lsd-dall. Lord Fairfax, Sir Wm. Strickland, Lord hording, Mr. Lowiher, Sir Edward h by, Mr.

Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Booth, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Gale, Mr. Mr.

Middleton, Mr. Cooper, Sir Jo. Mr. Compton,

Mr. Morgan, Sir Isaac Rebcw, Mr. Barker, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Den. Onslow, Mr. Bere, Sir Richard

Onslow, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Masham, Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm.Huflier, Sir Wm. St. Quint in Sir John Mor Jaunt, Mr. Moufon, Mr.

Mr. Dryden, Mr. Ash, Sir Henry f). Colt, Mr. Pagit,

Mr. Shepherd; and all, that serve for the Counties of Efftx, Kent Surrey, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth Wandsford, and lV,-»n<fcford,» Elizabeth Foulke, was read a Second time. EiUte.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Eliz. Wandsford, and Elizabeth Foulke, was referred: And that the Lord Fairfax, Mr. Low ther. Lord Wm. Sir George

Beaumont, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Gale, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Windsor, be added to the said Committee; and that the Committee do meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Children.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

7 Pr. 38 L. After " notwithstanding" insert the Proviso, marked, X. " Provided always nevertheless, " and it is intended, and agreed, that in case the said " Robert and Elizabeth Thomas shall both of them die " without Issue of either of their respective Bodies, before either of them shall attain the Age of at Years, " that then the said Freehold Premisses, herein before mentioned to be of the yearly Value of £.210, or " thereabouts, shall go, and remain, and come, to the " Aid Bridget Thomas, and her Assigns, for and during the Term of her natural Life, without Impeachment " of Waste; any thing herein contained to the contrary " notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed unto the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual a Settlement, made by William Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sale of Liml* for vesting in Trustees a Messuage, and Lands in Culty

Culey, in the County of Leicester, to be sold, upon the settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Edon, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Pinncll, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Greville, Mr. Butler, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr.

Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Strode, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. , Mr.

Ireton, Sir Wm. Huflier, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr.

Mr. Masters, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Pitfeild, Sir

Newland, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. AtvufleyMr. Shuttleworth,

Mr. Windsor, Sir John Whitiring, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Plumptree, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Lowther:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Margaret and Mary Molhy was pre- Moiloy* lented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they t,wle-having presented a Petition to this honourable House the last Session, the same was referred to a Committee; who reported, that the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations therein contained, and deserve Companion; but no other Proceeding could then be had, the House being soon after prorogued: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Tetition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to WooDea,&c. put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the continuing an Act, made in the First Year of her ur*‘

Jajesty's

Abolishing use of French in legal Proceedings.

Supply Bill; Duties on houses.

Baker's

Belief.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

6 Ann. 240 Ma 357

Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing of Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttlew do carry the said Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for abolishing the Use of the Tongue in all Proceedings in Parliament, and Courts of Justice; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Alio, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen hundred Thousand Pounds, is intended to be raised, lor carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, without any Amendment: The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of John Ba, his Mother, Brother, and Sifters, Widow, and Children, of Colonel Henry Baker, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Mdrengers withdrew.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Mer-chandizesi and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.---

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Deputy Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following:

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, is intended to be raised, for carrying on thv War, and other her Majesty's Occasions:

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year 1707:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters:

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game:

An Act to repeal all the Laws, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Lace, made of Thread:

An Act for Inrolments of Bargains and Sales, within the West Riding of the County of York, in the Register Office there lately provided, and for making the said Register more effectual:

An Act for discharging several Lands in the County of Worcester from the Sum of Two thousand Pounds,

given by the Will of Dame Elizabeth Rich, Widow, deceased, for charitable Uses, and charging the same upon other Lands in the County of Berks:

An Act for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate in London, late the Estate of William , Esquire,

deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof:

V o t. 15.

An Act for supplying the Defect of an Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John -bam, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Totteridge, in lieu of Thirteen hundred Pounds, the Remainder of a Sum of Money, agreed to be laid out in a Purchase:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of William Fitch, Esquire, lying in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifter's Portion, and other Debts, and for preserving the Residue free from all Power of Waste, and for settling certain Tythes in the Isle of Wight to the same Uses:

An Act for Sale of force Part of the Estate of Henry Darrell, Esquire, deceased, and leafing, or mortgaging, other Part thereof, to raise Money, to pay his Debts, charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and younger Children:

An Act for making the Ship Prince (foreign-built) a free Ship:

An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, late Receiver General of the County of Essex:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Earl of Thcmond, and Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate. upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for the Relief of John Baker, his Mother, Brother, and Sifters, Widow, and Children, of Colonel Henry Baker, deceased:

An Act for settling the Estate of Daniel Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children:

An Act for making more effectual a Settlement, made by William Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children:

An Act for enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant.

----- The House proceeded upon the Report from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, was committed.

And the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as far asClause Aj and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, . was read a Second time, That the Officers of Excise should, upon any decrease of Wash, brewed from malted Corn, found in the Distillers Hands, charge the same with so much Spirits of the first Extraction, as One Fifth Part thereof shall amount unto, and no more:

The Clause was amended.

And then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, was committed, be made upon this Day Fortnight.

4 X The

Supply Bill

continuing

Duti.s.

Regulating

nightly

Watch.

Duties on Salt, fee.

Seizure of Worcester Ship.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Danger from Gunpowder im London.

Bre rewood's Estate.

Fye s Debt to the Crown.

Danger from Gunpowder in London.

Thomeur's, kr. Nat.

358 24* — 25

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of nomas Thomas

and John Starke, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship effter, Captain Thomas Green, late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcott have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock:

And he moved accordingly. That Care may be taken, to prevent any great Quantities of Gunpowder being lodged near London Bridge, or in the Borough of -wark.

Ordered, That Leave b; given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Dangers, that may happen to the City of London, or Borough of Southwark, by bringing thither, or lodging the re, any great Quantities of Gunpowder, by Land Carriage; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcott and Mr. Shepherd do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood, to the Creditors of Thomas,

notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 5* die Martii;

Anno 6* Anna? Reginas, 1707.

P R A Y K R $.

MR. Shackerley (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with John Pye, Gentleman, and his Securities, for the Debts by him and them owing to her Majesty; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shepperd (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London, and the Liberties thereof; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Thomeur,a.n& others, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the said Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fevc-

n

Martii. A. 1707.

rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and are as follow , viz.

Pr. 2. L. 31. Leave out " and."

L. 32. After " Mompeller" insert " John Guerard, Son of Jacob Guerard, by his Wife,

" born at Fecun, in Normandy, in France; Jacob Cojlebadie, Son of John Cojlebad by Jeane his Wife,

born at Argentat, at Auvergue, in France -, John Lunel, " Son of Nicholas Lunel, by Mary his Wife, born " at Havre de Grace, in Normandy, in France; Stephen ‘‘ Lacreuze, Son of Solomon Lacreuze, by Jacquet his " Wife, born at Paris, in Samuel Dufrefnay,

" Son of Samuel Dufrefnay, by Mary his Wife, born at " London, in the Province of Poiton, in France-, John " James Roujfy (an Infant) Son of James RouJJy, by " Magdellene his Wife, born at Geneva j John " Son of Jafptr Deere, by Martha his Wife, born in the " Island of 67. Thomas, in the Dominion of the King " of Portugal; Rupert Beck, Son of Daniel Beck, by Mary his Wife, born at Westhoven, in " Gabriel Mozen, Son of John by Mary his

*c Wife, born at Poiton, France; Hebert, Son

" of Mathew Hebert, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at " Diep, in Normandy, in France; Lewis Martin. Son " of James Martin, by Mary his Wife, born at " in the Province of Annis, in France-,' John " Son of Lambert May, by Ma,y his Wife, born at " the Hague, in Holland; John Mujfigang, Son of John Mujfigang, by Eve his Wife, born at in

" the Principality of Hesse, in Germany; John Tilts, Son of George Titts, by Eve his Wife, born at " BreJlaw, in Sclecia; Christian Hanners, Son of " tian Hanners, by Anne his Wife, born at Cleave, " in the City of Zoujl, in the Kingdom of; James

" Chatine De Roche, Son of De llcche, by

" Jane his Wife, born at /I'a!on, in Languedoc; Peter " Lewis Raynaud, Son of Peter Raynaud, by Sarah his " Wife, born at Paris, in France; James Brifjac, Son " of James BriJJac, by Rachel his Wife, born at Newts,

" in Britany, in France; Peter Anthony , Son of

Lewis Thiolet, by Mary his Wife, born at Roven, in " Normandy, in France; Christopher Frederick

" Son of Cafper Pruyfman, by Regina Elizabeth his " Wife, born at Osnabrug, in Germany, Isaac Delpech, " Son of Isaac Delpech, by Mary his Wife, born at " Bergerac, in the Province of Guieinne, in France;

" Abraham Michcll, Son of Abraham Micbell, by Mary " his Wife, born at Pontaudemer, in the Province of " Normandy, in France; Paul Pail let. Son of Daniel " Paillet, by Mary his Wife, born at Cofe, in Poiton,

" in France-, Daniel Herb ft, Son of John , by " Katherine Elizabeth his Wife, born at Bremafird, in " Germany; Andreas Hafelgreen, Son of Peter green, by Katherine his Wife, born at Stockholm, in " Sweedland; John James Guion, Son of Henry Gu on,

" born at Aignes Mortes, in the Province of Languedoc,

" in France; Daniel Merigeot, Son of Gabriel " by Jane his Wife, born in the Province of in

" Francej Jacob Jacmtr, Son of John Jacmer, by

" Judith his Wife, born at , in,

" in France; Peter DucaJJe, Son of Solomon

" by Martha his Wrife, born at Thonner.e, in the Province of Guienne, in France; Peter Travers, Son of Peter Travers, by Judith his Wife, born at St. Just, " in the Kingdom of France;Stephen Son of

" Francis Mignan, by his Wife, born at Belloy, in France; Anthony Planta, Son of Floury , by

" Eve his Wife, born at Grisons, in Switzerland; John " Teflon, Son of Peter Tefnby Mary his Wife, " born at St. Loutinne, in the Province of Poiton, in " France-, John Buffard, Son of Daniel by

" Lucy his Wife, born in the City of Orleans; Peter

Trinquand, Son of Charles Trinquand, by " his Wife, born at Berfuire, in Poiton, in France; " Francis Silvester, Son of Daniel by Susa-i

" his Wife, born at Bourdeaux, in France; John James " Delaport, Son of John De/ap, by Susanna his Wife,

born

6 Ann.

25° Martii.

359

CC

CC

it

<c

c<

cc

cc

a

tt

cc

cc

cc

CC

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

Cl

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

Cl

cc

CC

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

1C

cc

cc

cc

cc

CC

cc

cc

it

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

CC

cc

cc

cc

born at A gen, m Guienne, in France; Anthony Couget, Son of Anthony Couget, by Judith his Wife, born in the Province of Languedoc, in France, James Lauze, Son of Peter Lauze, by Dorothy his Wife, born at Lyons, in France; Daniel Farretts, Son of Daniel Farretts, by Olymp his Wife, born at in

the Province of Languedoc, in France', Arnold Van Beek, Son of William Von Seek, by Ann his Wife, born at Utrecht, in HollandJohn Mounter, Son of Thomas Monnier, by Susanna his Wife, born at St. Martin de Re, in the Province of Auln'tx, in France James Blanc, Son of Charles Blanc, by Olimphe his Wife, born in the Province of in France;

James Renaudet, Son of John Renaudet, by

his Wife, born in the Province of Zaintonge, in France', Adam Bojquaine, Son of Philip Bofquaine, by Judith

his Wife, born at Caen, in Normandy, in France Nicholas Boyes, Son of Nicholas Boyes, by Anna his Wife, born at Lubeck, in Germany, Peter Matteux, Son of John Matteux, by Judith his Wife, born at Amsterdam, in Holland', Christopher Trimmer, Son of Christopher Trummer, by Rebecca his Wife, ... in the City of Criminitzbaw, in Saxony; Nicholas Lamarechal, Son of John Lamarechal, by Kathrina his Wife, born at Cain in Normandy, in France Charles Molinier, Son of Anthony Mo/inier, by Eliza-

beth his Wife, born at Groningue, in Frejland; Phillip Burger, Son of Peter Burger, by Katherine his Wife, born at Rotterdam, in Holland Termyn Van Fleet, Son of William Van Fleet, by Elizabeth his Wife, born Konningsbergh, in Prussia; John Sorre, Son of John Sorre, by Ester his Wife, born in the Isle of Re, in France; Daniel Cailland, Son of Peter by Mary his Wife, born in the Province of Zaintonge, in France; John Reux, Son of William Rtux, by Judith his Wife, born at Leyden, in Holland Isaac de Laigle, Son of Charles de by Mary

his Wife, born at Zaintongue; David Son of Tobias FitzJchkaw, by his Wife, born at Scjmeeberg, in Saxony; Lewis Bonnett, Son of Peter Bonnet, by Maty his Wife, born at Dye, in Dauphine, in France-, Daniel Lem ere. Son of Daniel Lemere, by Judith his Wife, born at Geneva; James Martin, Son of James Martin, by Jane his Wife, born at Nijmes, in the Kingdom of France; John Martyn, Son of John Martyn, by Martha his Wife, born in France, the Boungade of Bienne, in the Province of Mayne; Rene De la , Son of Rene De la Treille, by Anna his Wife, born at Pruilly, in Touraine, in France j John Son of John

Deffray, by Katharine his Wife, born at Tours, in France; and Lewis Langilter (an Infant) Son of Abel Langilier, by Mary his Wife, born in Rochel, in France."

Pr. 3. L. 11. Leave out " and, " and after " croix insert John Guerard, Jacob John

Lunel, Stephen Lacreuze, Samuel Dufrefnay, John James Roujfy, John Deere, Rupert Beck, Gabriel Mozen, James Herbert, Le Martin, John May, John MuJJigang, John Tilts, Christian Hanr.ers, James

Chatine De Roche, Peter Lewis Raynaud, James Brijfac, Peter Anthony Thiolet, Christopher Frederick Pruyjman, 'Isaac Delpech, Abraham Paul

Paillet, Daniel Herbft, Andreas John James Guion, Daniel Merigeot, Jacob Jacmer, Peter DucaJJe, Peter Travers, Stephen Mignam, Anthony Plant a, John Tejnon, John Buffard, Peter Francis Silvester, John James Delaporte, Anthony Covget, James Lauze, Daniel Farettes, Arnold Van Beek, John Monnier, James Blanc, James Renaudet, Adam Bojquaien, Nicholas Boyes, Peter Matteux,

Jlopher Trummer, Nicholas Lamarechall, Charles Molinier, Phillip Burger, Fermin Van Fleet, John Sorre, Daniel CaHlaud, John Reup, Isaac De Laigle, David Jchaw, Lewis Bonnet, David Lemere, James Martin, John Martyn, Rene De la Treille, John and

Lewis Langilier."

Vol. 1.5.

Pr. 3. L. 33. The same Amendment.

Pr. 4. L. 26. Leave out " and."

L. 27. After " " insert " John

Guerard, Jacob Cojlebadies, John Lunel, Stephen Lacreuze, Samuel Dujrejnay, John James Rouffy, John Deere, Rupert Beck, Grabriel Mozen, James Hebert, Lezvis Martin,- John May, John MuJJigang, John Tilts, Christian Hamers, James Chatine De Roche, Peter Lezvis Raynaud, James Brijfac, Peter Anthony Thiolet, Christopher Frederick Pruyjman, Isaac Delpech, Abraham Michell, Paul Pa, Daniel , Andreas, Hajelgreen, John James Guion, Daniel Merigeot, Jacob Jacmer, Peter DucaJJe, Peter Travers, Stephen Mignan, Anthony Planta, John Tejnon, John Buffard, Peter Trinquand, Francis Silvester, John James Delaporte, Anthony Couget, James Lauze, Daniel Farettes, Arnold Van Beck, John Monni;, James Blanc, James Renaudet, Adam Bojquaine, Nicholas Boyes, Peter Matteux, Christopher Trummer, Nicholas Lamarechal, Charles Molinier, Phillip Burger, Fermin Vian Fleet, John Sorre, Daniel Cailland, John Reup, Isaac Delaigle, David Fitz-Jchaw, Lezvis Bonnet, Daniel Lemere, James Martin, John Martyn, Rene De la Treille, John Deffray, and Lewis Langilier J

Thonwur' % &c. Nat.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Duke of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beaufort's for discharging divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke Ellttle* of Beiujort, from the Portions of his Daughters, and younger Children, by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satil-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and is as follows:

Pr. 5. L. 10. After " Provisions," to insert " in " Manner hereafter mentioned.

Pendarvis*

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in relation to Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided fur him out of Lands in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in relation to Five thousand Pounds, and interest, provided for him out of Lands in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bu/tetl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Humberfton for encouraging the re-building the ancient Parish Church Church, of Humberston, in the County of Lincoln, and settling a Rent-charge, of greater Value, on the Bishop of Lincoln, and his Successors, in l:eu of ti e Rectoryof Humberston, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lang-harne. Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Skippon, Mr.

Mr. Dowdejzvell, Mr. Monjon, Mr. Givynne, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Egerton, Sir Jeffr. Jeffrys, Mr. Topham,

Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Middleton, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Conyers, Lord Wm.

Powlett, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Ubiteiock, Sir

John Azv berry, Mr. England, Mr. Dry den, l/)rd Chene,

Mr. Coatesworth, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Gilbert Heath-

cote, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Shepherd, Sir John Mordaunt; and all, for the Counties of Lincoln and Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

r

360

25* Martii.

A. 1707.

*i*rr»i»«t's A Petition of the honourable John Manours, and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Efote* Charles Manours, Esquires, was presented to the House, House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays, and Ex-and read; setting forth, that the Bill now depending, pences, in Suits in Law and Equity. 1

for continuing and establishing the Partitions made be- Mr> Edward reported from the Committee, Demand, on

tween Wm Pffjrepont, Esquire, (since deceased) and the who were appointed to into the Delivery out, CoL Bice.

M /Nl 1 1*0 IA m *if /14* m / # W /Vi>V /144 M 1 /I 11 f 4 fl K il I . > > . — 1 fl

and Disposition, or the Debentures, which were made out to Colonel John Rice; that they had examined the same accordingly, and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to them: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

Sanfield's

Estate.

honourable Charles Eger ton, Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in Suffolk, Kent, and , and to enable William and Samuel Pierrepont, Infants, to make a Partition of other Lands in other Counties, and to sell the same, and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Wm. Peck, Esquire, will very much prejudice the Petitioners Right to a considerable Part of the Lands, they claim from the Lady Grace Pierrepont, and the Lady RoJ'e, both deceased: And praying to be heard by Counsel, to offer Reasons against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard thereupon, before the Committee, by their Counsel (if they think fit) upon Monday next, when (as the House was informed) the Committee are to meet upon the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing such additional Duties on Goods and Merchandizes, and such of the Duties upon stampt Yellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain over-

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Col. Rice a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ol>l'Sed to obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted account' him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, that there was a Difference, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, that they had heard Colonel Rice's Counsel; and had made some

plus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move.

that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, was read the Third time.-

The several Amendments following were severallypro-

posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 2. Before "Annuities," insert other."

Pr. 17. L. ia. After *' fourth," insert " Part.

L. 16. The same Amendment.

L. 19. The same Amendment.

L. 22. The same Amendment.

L. 31. After "the," insert " Nativity of."

Pr. 18. L. 26. Before "every," insert " out of the " said Subsidy, and."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put the Third time Tomorrow Morning, thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the One-third Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment

Brerewood'i

Estate.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Frauds by an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for prevent- ^aukru^u. ing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, be read

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sei*ur* o( whom the Petition of Thomas Bowry, Thomas Hammond, ttr

and John Starke, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship -eefter. Captain Thomas Greene late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers, Sir Philip Meadozvs, Mr. Roberts, Mr. England, Mr. Rice, Mr. Naylor, Sir

of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply jokn Awbry, Sir john be added to the Com

to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and tnittee, to wjiom the Bill for veiling Lands in Chelsea,

Committees.

Chelsea College.

other Uses therein expressed.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Greene, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Bill for Relief of Francis Sarsfield, Gentleman, now depending in this honourable House, the Petitioner's Title to the Premisses, therein mentioned, wiil be impeached, and weakened; and that he is a Purchaser for a valuable Consideration: And praying Relief.

in the County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheyne, Viscount Neivha in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there in John Lord Vaughan, Earl of Carbery, in Ireland, and his Heirs, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Dryden, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. ley. Sir Cha, Turner, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. England, Sir Hen. Lyddall, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the

Hides

Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Mansion-house,

Frauds in Drawbacks.

until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom if was referred to examine into the Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be made upon Friday Morning next.

and Lands thereunto adjoining, in the County of sex, the Estate of William Hyde, Merchant, in Trustees, to be sold forthwith, for the better Maintenance, and better Provision, of his Children, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Delay, in Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

Windwood'i

Lllate.

Duke of

Bcauford'i

Kil&to.

Sheppard-fliord, &c. Roads.

Pye.'s Debt to the Crown.

6 Annt.

6° Mar

Mercurii, 26* die Martii;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell several Lands at within the Manor of Hertingfordbur, in the County of Hertford, and the Manor of the Rectory of Hertingfordbury aforesaid, late the Estate of Anne Wind wood, deceased, for Payment of a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, due upon Mortgage, and Bond or Specialty, and for laying out the residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands or Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Lands are now settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. laflon, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Diston, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Fra Child, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Harley, Mr. England, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Yates, Mr. Compton, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Wm. Huftler, Sir Alex. Denton, Mr. Barker, Sir Wm.Daines, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Freemati, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Topbam, Mr.

Mr. Trotman, Sir John Awbry-, and all for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, and Middlesex; and all the Gentlemen of

the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Beauford, from the Portions of his Daughters, and younger Children, by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, widi an Amendment; to which they desire their Lord ships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between Sheppard-shord and the Devizes, and between Aldington Hill and Roundford, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 4. L. 23, and 24. After " Devizes and" to leave out the other

L. To insert " one or more."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by -the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways between Sheppard-shord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Ashlington Hill and Roundford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with John Pye, Gentleman, and his Securities, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Lydall, Major General Mayne, Mr. Shacker/ey, Mr. Carr, Mr. Yates, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edward Laurence, Mr. Jchnfon, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir WmHodges, Mr. Wentworth,

Mr. Stock dale, Mr. Maijlers, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Edon, Sir John Wolflenholm, Mn Peyton, Mr, Barker-, Vol. 15.

361

and all for Yorkshire, and the four Northern Counties: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for difigreeing to the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham; that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and (with some Amendments) agreed unto by the House; and are as follow:

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, in Pr. 2. Line the

>5th;

1 ft, Because there is no Coertion on any Person to pay the Toll, charged for repairing of the said Ways, but on such, who make use of the same for their own Advantage, or Conveniency, and that without any Restraint, or Limitation, whatsoever. The Commons therefore are of an Opinion, that the Payments ought to be without Distinction, to prevent the Differences, that unequal Assessments frequently occasion between her Majesty's Subjects.

The Commons cannot agree to your Lordships Amendment; for this 2d Reason;

Because it may be an Encouragement to many PersonSi to evade the very Intent of the Bill, by pretending to be of those Places, which by your Lordships Amendment are to be eased, and thereby escape the Payment of the Toll, without which there may not arise Money sufficient to repair the Roads, so.necessary for the publick Service.

The 3d Reason, the Commons give, is, Because those, who are entitled by the Amendment to the Exemption, may not be known to be so; which will unavoidably occasion Disputes, Breaches of Peace, and Obstructions on the Highways,* which ought to be free and easy to her Majesty's Subjects.

The Commons decline at this time offering any other Reasons; believing, what has been said may be sufficient to prevail with your Lordships not to infill on your Amendment, that a Bill, so necesiary, may not be loll.

Resolved, That a Conference bedefired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That all Assignments, hereafter made, of any Bankrupt's Estate, shall be inrclled within a Month after Date.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; andlhe Blank was filled up.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. L. 25. To leave out " or," and insert " or " they

L. 31. To insert " so becoming Bankrupt,

and."

L. To leave out " or Felons."

4 Y And

Fornhill

Road.

Conference desired vrith Lords.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

Duties ob Salt, See.

Seizure of Worcester Ship,

Fornhill

Roads.

Duke of

Beaufort's

Estate.

yottt* Estate.

B Firewood's Estate.

— 27* Marfit, . 1707*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

---

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Woollafl.n do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrcr.ee thereunto.

A Bill to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from Danger fn>» bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London, and the Liberties thereof, was read a Second time. in "B'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Lydall, Major General Mayne, Mr. Mr.

Carr, Mr. Tales, Mr. Lovether, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir Fran. Mr. Ogle,

Mr. Woollaflon, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edward , Sir

IVm. Hodges, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Slockdale, Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. IVentworlh, Sir John , Mr.

Maiflers, Mr. Barker, Sir Robert E, Mr. Peyton-, and all for Yorkshire, and the four Northern Counties: And

they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Bowry, Thomas Hamond, and John Starke, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship cester, Captain Thomas Green, late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Richard Onslow reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham they do agree to a Conference, as is desired, and appoint the same to be Tomorrow, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Beaufort, from the Portions of his Daughters, and younger Children, by his presentDuchefs, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Potts, for discharging his Brother's and Sifter's Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to therefidue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions, and Debts, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood, to the Creditors of Thomas notwith-

standing any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That no Person, claiming to be a Creditor of the said Thomas Brerewood, shall be taken to be an Accomplice, within the Meaning of this Act, unless he shall be convicted as such in some Indictment, or otherwise, in any Court of Record, or before any Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery.

And the same was twice read, and amended.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Regulating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Six Clerks House, upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen, Mr. M Sir Rushout P errepoint'* Cullen, Mr. Ojfley, Mr. Poultney, be added to the Com- Eftats. mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pierrepoint, Esquire (since deceased) and the honourable Charles Egerton,

Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, and to enable William and Samuel Pierrepoint, Infants, to make Partition of Lands in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peck, Esquire, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 27® die Mar lit;

Anno 6° Annae Regina?, 1707 - Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An King'sEfial*.

Act for the Sale of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and Jane, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands, of the ferae or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, also for giving Liberty to Jane Nicoll, Widow, and the Executors of Sir William Prichard, to pay two Sums, of Four thousand Pounds, and Two' thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Life-time of the said Jane Nicoll, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Franc.

Masham, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Pitfeild,

Mr. Dry den, Mr. Yates, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

Freke, Mr. Cox, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Molesworth. Lord

Mr. Manley, Mr. Vaughan. Mr. Lee, Mr. Heysham, Mr.

Cholmly, Mr. Barker, Sir Wm.Daines, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr.

Chambers, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Lowand ail, that

serve for the Counties of Buckingham, Essex, and

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock,

in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to feud lor

Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to Crof»- n*bt whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or ^the Cio*i Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with John Cross, Merchant, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was

committed;

6 Ann. 27° Martii* 363

Committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had made I'ome Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to oue of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolTcd.

pore's Mr. Eyres reported from the Committee, to whom Liuite. the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil certain Mills, and Lands, in in the County of Wilts (the Estate of William Eyre, a Luna-tkk) in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the Monies arising by the Sale thereof, for payment of the Debts of the said Lunatick, and making Ibme Provision for Ambrose Eyre, his eldest Son, and Heir, and for applying the residue of such Moneys in purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said PremiAes, to be sold, are now settled, was committed $ that they had examined the Allegations of the Bid, anti found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

I.iiftring The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Company. Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill add the Clause, marked A.

" And whereas great Trouble has been ocealioned to " Shopkeepers, and others, by common Informers, who are Persons of mean Reputation; be it enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that only such Person or Persons,

" who is or are Officer or Officers belonging to the Customs, or wholhallbe deputed by the lloyal Luftring Company, and shall have Writs of Assistance " from her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and noothers,

" shall and may seize any Luftrings, or Alamodes, with*

" in the Cities of London and and the Bills " of Mortality; any thing herein, or in any former Act,

" to the contrary notwithstanding. And whereas by an ,r Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of " his late Majesty Ring W the third (intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company, and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importations of Luftrings, and Alamodes) it is, amongst other things, enacted, that,

" before any Person or Persons shall be admitted to claim " any of the said Silks, they shall give good Security,

by Recognizance, in the Court, where such Claim " shall be entered, not only to pay the Costs of Suit, in ' " case such Ciaimer or Ciaimers shall be cast, but also to " answer and pay the Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred " by the said Act; and the Security on such Claim 41 cannot be discharged by yielding the Claimer's Body " to Prison; which is found a great Discouragement to " fair Traders.dealing in Alamodes and Luftrings:

" Fr remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, that, when any Person or Persons claim " any Alamodes, or Luftrings, seized, it shall be sufficient, that such Person or Persons give good Security " in the Court, where such Claim shall be made, to " answer and pay the full Costs of Suit only, in case a " Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, or the " Ciaimer shall be nonsuited, or a Judgment pass by (f Default. And whereas, since the making the said " Act of Prohibition of Trade and Commerce with Vo l 15.

" France, Thirty-three Pieces of foreign Luftrings have

** been seized, and condemned, being imported contrary " to the said Act, and sold to Mr. David Martin, Merchant, to be used in England, and have not been " sealed and marked with the Custom-house Sea) and " Mark; it is hereby further enacted, that the said Thirty-three Pieces of foreign Luftrings may be used " in England; and that the feme shall not be seized, or " forfeited, provided that the Possessors thereof respectively do, on or before the first Day of May,

" One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, bring the " laid Thirty-three Pieces of Luftring, or such Part " thereof, as remains undisposed of, to be sealed and " marked at the Custom-house with the Seal and Mark,

" used for sealing Alamodes and Luftrings imported j " and Oath being made, that such Silks are the feme " individual Thirty-three Pieces of Silks, or Part thereof,

" so sold at the Custom-house: And the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs are hereby impowered " and required (such Oath being made) to cause the " said Silks to be sealed and marked accordingly; any *5 Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Sir William Ashhurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House, a Bill for continuing several Subsidies, Impo- continuing fitions, and Duties, and for making other Provision?, therein mentioned, to raise Money by Loan for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty'? necessary and important Occasions; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the chaplain. House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That ffie would please to bellow some Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Thomas Goddard, Chaplain tP this House; her Majesty was pleased to fey, Ihe would do the fame, as (he had a proper Opportunity.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, that (he would please to give Directions, that there be a Review of the Book of Rates, to the end there may be a greater Equality of Duties established upon all Goods and Merchandize imported, her Majesty was pleased to say, that Ihe would give Directions, as is defiled.

Mr. Afgill reported from the Committee, to whom SawfeiUft the Bill for the Relief of Francis Sarsfeild, Gentleman, Eftau. was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had directed him p report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. N

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported-from the Committee, to whom the ingfofted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Eilat*. An Act for vesting a Mansion House, and Lands thereunto adjoining in the County of Middlefey, the Effete of William Hyde, Merchant, in Trustees, to be forthwith fold, for the better Maintenance, and present Provision, , of his Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the feme to be true; ai)d that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and tha^c the Committee had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table,

The Lord Fairfax reported from the Committee, to Wandesford'a whom the Bill lor the Relief of Elizabeth Wandesford, and Elizabeth Foulke, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had made

several

4

Horfhara Writ.

Col. Rice obliged to account.

Obliging Btshop to surrender to African Company.

Duties on Salt, Sin

tfornhili

Road.

Tetttnhall

Minister's

Maintenance*

bj°Martii. A. 1707.

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered inat the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horfiam, in the County of in

the room of Henry Co~jof.tr, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, To-mcrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for obliging J Rice to account for Debentures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige Henry BiJJiop, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, together with the Books and Effects of the Royal African Company, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain some Doubts in relation to the importing Wine from Ireland into England, brought from Portugal, or Spain, into that Kingdom;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding of the Growth and Product of those Kingdoms."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That it be an Instruction, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain lbme Doubts in relation to the importing Wine from Ireland into England, brought from Portugal, or into that Kingdom, of the Growth and Product of those Kingdoms j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas \ The Lord \

1 ellers for the Ieas, J Mr: J 6o*

Tellers for the Noes, j 55.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Time being come for the Conference with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Sloney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham;

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, do manage the said Conference j and that Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Littleton, and Mr. Lowndes, be added to the said Managers.

And then the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned -,

Sir Richard Onslow reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and had left the Bill, and Amendment, with their Lord ships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An 21

Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the Minister of Tettenhall, in the County of Stafford, for the

Time being, with lbme Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for continuing the Duties on low Wines, and Spi- continuing rits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapman, and part of the Duties on stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the One-third Subsidy of Tonageand Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Estate; Ad to enable Henry Pye, Esquire, to make a Jointure, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee' Duties a* of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, afths Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for enabling the Lord High Treasurer to allow unto the Merchants, and others, of the City of Bristol, all Interest, by them paid before the first Day of june 1706, on Bonds, due before the sixth Day of February, 1705, for Customs, and other Goods and Merchandizes imported there.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to entitle the Proprietors of all Fish, cured with Salt, for which the Duties have been paid, and are cast away, or taken by the Enemy, Coastways, to the same Drawback, due and payable, as if the said Fish had been cast away, or taken, in a Voyage bound beyond Sea.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Regers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not insist on their Amendment, made FomhiU to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the High- hoad. way between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford and the Town of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Tettenhall Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the "

Minister of Tettenhall, in the County of Stafford, for the Time being.

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 17. For " Approbation," read " Approbation."

Pr. 5. L. 3, After " Heirs" add "and to a'l other " Tenants, their Heirs and Assigns, having Right of " Common in and upon the residue of the said Comrnon."

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Afjn, Deputy Gemleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr.

6 Ann.

2 70 — 28°

65

Hoyal A (Tent Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been to Bills, pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several publick and private Bills following:

An Act for continuing the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and part of the Duties on stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the One-third Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1707, and other Uses therein expressed:

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company:

An Act for 'repairing the Highway between in the County of Bedford, and the Town of ford, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for discharging of divers Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Bea, from the Portions of his Daughters, and younger Children, by his present Duchels, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke, of greater Value, with the like Portions:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William for discharging his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement as to the Residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions and Debts:

An Act to enable Henry Pye, Esquire, to make a Jointure.

butieson The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Suit, &c. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alicls Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill.

Seizure of Mr. Fulham (according to Order) reported from the V'orcctUr Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Ship. Thomas Hammond, and John Starke, in the behalf of

themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship Wcrcester, Captain Tho. Green, late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

pierrepoint's Ordered, That Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr.

Estate. Mour.ton, Mr. Thomson, Sir Edward Laurence, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Sir John Woljlenho/m,

Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Freeke, Mr.

Air. Chambers, Mr. Mailers, Mr. Wyld, Lord Fitz-harding, Mr. Aylmer, Colonel Colonel hit cheat t, Mr. Porter, Mr. , Mr. Monfan, be added

to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pier-repoint, Esquire (since deceaseu) and the honourable Charles Eger ton, Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, , and Surrey, Vol. lo.

and to enable William and Samuel Pier point. Infants, to make Partition of Lands in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peck, Esquire, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Henry Johnfoti, Sir John Hawles, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Grahme, Mr. England, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Katherine Harris, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Harris*

Estate*

Veneris, 28* die Martii;

Anno 6° Annae Regina:, 1707.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Va|) Holte># to naturalize Henry Van Holt, and others, was read &c< Nat. a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pitfeild,

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Topham, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Wm.

Afiurfl, Mr. Poole, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Yates,

Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Wild, Sir Fran. Maffam, Mr. South-well, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Johnson, Sir Ja. Cope, Lord Cheyne, Mr. Butler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, to whom chelsea the Bill for vesting Lands in Chelsea, in the County of College. Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheyne, Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there, in John Lord Vaughan, Earl of Carbery in Ireland, and his Heirs, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Drake's vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands Eitaie. in the County of Kent, late the Estate of Mountague Drake, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being moved, that the ingrossed Bill for Sarsfield's the Relief of Francis Sarsfeld, Gentleman, be read the Estate. Third time;

The Petition of John Green, Gentleman (which lay upon the Table) relating to the said Bill, was again read.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill be now read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for CThe Lord William Powlett, 7 o

the Yeas, ^Colonel Godfrey: > 87*

4 Z Tellers

Wandsford's

Estate.

Frauds in Drawbacks.

Col. Ilice obliged to account.

Weedon's

Estate.

Discharging Vicarages of Fird Fruits, &c.

Duties on Salt, &c.

Harris'

Dilate.

3 66

Tellers for the l^HaryDull.Coll: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read tl. Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It paCTed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now proceed to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth and Elizabeth Foulke, was committed;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into the Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame;

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John IVeedon, Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to the younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's voluntary Settlements, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging small Livings from their First fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther, Sir Henry Lyddell, Mr. Jchnfon, Mr. ieton. Lord IVm. Mr. Motley,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Newport, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Owen, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Monfton, Mr.

Mr. S backerly, Mr. Nicholas, Sir fVm. be added

*4

1707.

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Katherine Harris, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 29® die Mar tit;

Anno 6® Annte Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

SI R William Ashurst reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Dangers which may arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London, and the Liberties thereof, was committed, the Amendments* they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person within the Cities of London and and the Liberties thereof, and Borough of Southwark, should keep more than Barrels of Gunpowder at

any one Time, and the same to be kept in Garrets only, under the Penalty of

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not hinder the bringing any Quantities of Powder in or through the Streets of London and Southwark, for her Majesty's Service, in covered Waggons.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Pye, Gentleman, and his Securities, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth Wandsford, and Elizabeth Foulke, was committed.

And

280 — 290 Martiu

Danger from Gunpowder in London.

Committees,

Pye*s Debt to the Crown,

Supply Bill; continuing several Subsidies,

WaidsfordV

EiUte.

Debts due to the Crown.

Duties on Salt, &c.

Col. ‘Rice obliged to account.

Delays in Suits.

"Regulating Six Clerks Office.

Vanholt's, &c. I\at.

6 Ann. -9° — 3

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed }

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.g' } Jt.

Tellers for the Noesj"r; } 4°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will not proceed upon any Petition, Motion, or Bill for granting any Money, or for releasing, or compounding, any Sum of Money owing to the Crown, but in a Committee of the whole House; and that the same be declared to be a (landing Order of the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Elefh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like-from Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone though the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Harley (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for obliging "John Rice to account for Debentures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Ellate, for the Payment of the fame, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House j and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill for preventing Delays, and Expences, in Suits in Law and Equity.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving the Six Clerks in Chancery a Recompence, upon taking their Offices away, and for appointing Attorneys for, and the better keeping the Records of, that Court.

Ordered, That Sir Orlando Mr.

Mr. Barker, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Mcfon, Mr.

Major Morgan, Mr. Hfgill, Mr. Squire, Mr. Mr.

Dry den. Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Gale, Mr.

Skippon, Mr. Hampden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Vanholt, and others, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 15.

Luna, 310 die Martii;

Anrto 6* Anns Reginse, 1707.

Prayers;

A BILL for raising the Militia for the Year 1707, Railing the notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly ad- Militia, vanced, be nOt repaid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling Lands in Chelsea, in the Chelsea County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord College; Cheyne, Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there, in John Lord Vaughan, Earl of in Ireland, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for vesting Lands in Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheney

Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands there, in John Lord Vaughan, Earl of Carbery in Ireland, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That Mr. Monson, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing of the poor Laws, several Acts therein mentioned, be read the Third time &c. Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, Crosse's Debt or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to the Crown, to compound with John Crosse, Merchant, and his Securities, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Crojfe, Merchant, and his Securities, for the Debt by him owing to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord High Trea- Pye'sDebt surer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, fot to the Crown. the Time being, to compound with John Pye, Gentleman, and his Securities, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, an Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Pye, Gentleman, and his Securities, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty;

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of William Walton, Henry RqjftviU, and Danger from John Dewye, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Gui‘P°'vefer Powder-makers, and other the Traders and Dealers in m on on' Gunpowder, in and about the City of London, and Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, by the Bill for preventing the Dangers which may arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London, and the Liberties thereof* the Petitioners will be very much prejudiced in the carrying on their Trades: And praying to be heard by Counsel, what they have to offer against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Medlicott:

Mr.

368

3 ie Mart it.

A. 1707.

Sheppard-shord, 6cc. iloads.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between and the Devizes, and between the Top of Hill and

Roadford, in the County of W without any Amendment.

Danger from An ingr°fl~ed Bill to prevent the Dangers, which may Gunpowder arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into iu London. London, and the Liberties thereof, was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from bringing, or laying, great Quantities of Gunpowder N within three Quarters of a Mile of London Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Drake's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Litate. for vesting the Keversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, late the Estate of

Drake, F.squire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Freeman, Mr. , Mr. Yates, Mr. Pultuey, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir Charles ‘Turner, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Grevil/e, Sir John Awbery, Mr Foley, Mr. Lord Pozvlett, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mcnfon, Mr. Manley, Mr. Snell, Mr. England, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Dodson, Mr. Parker, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Trot man; and all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Kent, Bucks, Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Col. Rice obliged to account*

An ingrossed Bill for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted him in the last Session of Parliament, and to subject his Person, and Estate, for the Payment of the fame, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. After " Persons" to insert " being summoned before the said Commissioners

Pr. 4. L. 5. To leave out " by," and insert *£ in " pursuance of."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for obliging John Rite, to account for Debentures, granted to him in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Wandesford's An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Elizabeth Estate. ford, and Elizabeth Foulke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title be, An Act for Relief of Elizabeth Wandesford, and Elizabeth Foulke.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Frauds in A Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Drawback*. Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in England, without Payment of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the East Indies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Td-mnrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Clerks in were to inquire into the Manner cf increasing the Number of the Clerks in the Six Clerks Office, from time to time, to the Number of Ninety, and upon w hat Consideration, be taken upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Reducing whom the BNl for reducing the Number of sworn Clerks CicrkMu in the Six Clerks Office, was committed, be taken upon Thursday Morning next*

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Duties * Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Salt,

Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with fbme Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Losses for the time pad.

And the Question being put, that the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take seizure of into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Wo ceiter whom the Petition of Thomas Bow Thomas Hammond, slllP* and John Starke, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Owners, and Freighters, of the Ship Worcester,

Captain Thomas Green late Commander, seized and condemned in Scotland, was referred.

And the said Report, and the Refutations of the Committee thereupon, were read, and are as follow; viz.

That, upon hearing the Petitioners, many of their Witnesses, and Proofs in Writing,

It appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners, by Licence from one of the Proprietors of the separate Stock, allowed by Law to trade to the East Indies, did fend the said Ship Worcester-, where ftie having traded successfully, upon her Return came round by the North of Scotland, to avoid the French, and put into Leith Road, to wait for a Convoy to England, the aSth 1704; where a Seizure was made upon the said Ship and Cargo, in a very extraordinary, and violent Manner, as appeared by John Eagle, Carpenter of the said Ship, and several other the Sailors on board of the fam§ at the Seizure thereof.

Who being examined, laid, that on the 12th 1704, one Mr. Roderick Mackenfy, Secretary to the African and East India Company in Scotland, with several other Scotch Gentlemen, and Servants, came on board her, pretending to see the Ship.

That the Boatswain invited them (the Captain and Mates being then ashore) and treated them with Punch

in

6 Ann. 310 Marliu — i* Ap369

in the great Cabbin; wherewith, and with drinking Wine, and Brandy, which Mr. Mackenzie brought on board with him, the Ship's Crew were very merry, and, at Mr. Mackenzie's Request, several of them did sing Songs.

That, during their Mirth, a Scots Man of War, then at Anchor near the Worfired a Gun with Shot; upon which Mr. Mackenzie immediately rose up, and told the Ship's Crew in the Cabbin, that, for their Civility, he would sing them a Song, had he been used to singing; but that his Song was in Writing: Upon which he pulled out a Paper, which, he told them, was a Warrant from the African and East India Company to seize their Ship, for llcprizal for their Ship nandale, seized in England. Thereupon all the Scots on board drew their Swords, and told the Ship's Crew, they were their Prisoners; and that Night turned Part of the Crew on Shore, and detained five of them Pri-loners on board, where they were so kept about 18 Weeks; and afterwards 15 of the Crew, with their Captain, were tried, and condemned, for Piracy and Murder; and the Captain, his Chief Mate, and Gunner, were executed, upon the Evidence only of a Black, who died (as is supposed by Poison) before the Day of Execution; it appearing afterwards by the Oaths of two of Captain Drummonds Ship's Crew, some Time after, being in London (for robbing and murdering of whom the said Captain, Mate, and Gunner, were executed) that they never saw the Worcej in all their Voyage; and that Drummond was turned Pirate; and when they left him, to return home, he made to Madagascar with two Moco Ships, he, and another Pirate, had taken in the East Indies.

That, soon after the aforesaid Seizure, the was proceeded against in the high Court of Admiralty in

Scotland, as appeared by a large Extract of those Proceedings, under the Hand of Mr. Daniel,

Clerk of that Court j and on the ajd of March last Sentence of Condemnation was given against the said Ship, in Reprizal for the A and ordered the

Worcester, and her Cargo, to be sold, for Satisfaction of the same; which, in August and September following was done accordingly.

That, upon Application to her Majesty for Relief in the Premises, the whole Matter was stated and reported to her Majesty by her Attorney and Solicitor General, Sir John Cook, Knight, her Majesty's Advocate, and Doctor Brampston, Judge of the Court of Admiralty.

Which Report was read to the Committee 5 whereby, upon strict Examination, it appeared, the Petitioners Damages, being particularly estimated, upon account of the said Ship, amounted to 23,975. os.

That the Owners have been at Charges since the said Report, by their Endeavours to come at Relief, £. 400.

Which, with Interest of the 23,975. or. 10 d. for two Years f, at £. 6 per Cent, being £. 3,596. 5 o

makes the Petitioners total Loss amount to£. 27,971.

5 s. 10 d.

Besides Suits, which have been commenced, and are Hill continued, with others daily expected, against them by their Seamen for Wages.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners dodeferve the Consideration of the House, upon account of their Sufferings.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be graciously pleased to give Satisfaction to the Owners and Freighters of, and others concerned in, the Ship Worcester, for the Damages by them sustained, out of her Majesty's Share of the Prizes, not appropriated, or in such other Manner, as to her Majesty shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Vo u 15,

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Frauds ia whom it was referred to examine into Frauds, committed' Drawbacks, in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchanidzes exported, be taken into Consideration on Wedtfday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve Supply Bill; a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole continuing House, "upon the Bill for continuing several Subsidies, ^uYfidies Impositions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necesiary and important Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, i° die April is; -

Anno 6® Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That the Report from the Committee, Hurris*

to whom the Bill for the Relief of Katherine , Mate, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomeur'*, for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others, was read the Nat-Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Mafkam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with several Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The Lord William Rowlett reported from the Com- Pierrepont's mittee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in- Mate, tituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pierrepor.t, Esquire (since deceased) and the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, to enaole William and Samuel Pierrepont, Infants, to make Partition of Land in other Counties, and to foil the fame, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Ufos, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peek, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had heard John and Charles Manours, Esquires, upon their Petition; and, that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 7. After "the" add " Twenty-fourth andand in the same Jdne leave out " and Twenty- sixth."

Pr. 12. L. 17. Before " Saving" add Clause, marked A; " That the Lot, Shares, and divided Parts allotted " to the said Sir Roger Bradshaigh by the Indenture o&opartite, and Articles, aforesaid, shall continue and be " in such Person and Persons, and subject tq such Trulls,

" Powers, and Agreements, as the said undivided Share " of the said Dame Mary Bradshaigh, claimed by the " said Sir Roger Bradshaigh, as aforesaid, was at the.

making of the said Partition liable to."

5 A Another

4foml>erston

XJhufcI*.

\\>oclou's

liltate.

rumihing

Vagrants.

F.yre'sEftute*

Hvde's

Flute.

Veiling Cotton 1 lniile in the CJiown.

37°

i° Aprilis. A. 1707.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 7. L 14: After " fame" to insert " Trulls,

Uses, Estates."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

The Lord Chenie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the rebuilding the ancient Pa-riflr Church of Humberston, in the County of and settling, a Rent-charge, of greater V alue, on the Bishop of Lincoln, and his Successors, in lieu of the

Rectory of Humberston, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conients to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Esquire, sufficient to pay his Father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to t-he younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of his Father's voluntary Settlements.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as foi lotv; viz.

4 Pr. it;. L. Instead of " Heirs" read " first and " other Sons, and the Heirs of their Bodies respectively." 28. L. After " Son" insert " or any Issue of " his Body."

In the Schedule, 5 L for " first" read " sixth."

Ordered, That Mr. Arrimdell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the said Message to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Mills, and Lands, in Downton, in the County of Wilts (the Estate of William Eyre, a Lunatick) in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Moneys, arising by the Sale thereof, for Payment of the Debts of the said Lunatick, and making some Provision for Ambrose Eyre, his eldest Son, and Heir, and for applying the residue of such Moneys in purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Premisses, to be sold, are now settled, was. read the Third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyres do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for veiling a Mansion-house, and Lands thereunto adjoining, in the County of Mir the Estate of liam Hyde, Merchant, in Trustees, to be forthwith fold, for the better Maintenance, and present Provision, of his Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Horn Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, 'and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 20

An Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House, in Westminster, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to* be true; and that all the Parties concerned (except one of the Remainder Men) had given their Conients to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that, touching the said Remainder Man, who did not consent, the Committee had directed him to report the Matter especially to the House; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true.

And fix of the Remainder Men gave their Consents to the Bill, either in Person, or by Writing, proved under their Hands, upon Condition, that an Equivalent may he settled in the Family for what is to be sold by this A Cl; which is provided for by the Committee.

That Thomas Cotton, of Cotton, in the County Palatine of Gbester, Esquire, the 7th and last Remainder Man of the said Family, by Letter, directed to Mr. Pole, a Member of this House, dissented from the passing the Bill, for the Reasons therein mentioned.

Which the Committee taking into Consideration, thought fit, notwithstanding, to pass the lame; and ordered the Bill, with the Amendments following, to be reported to the House.

Whereupon it was moved by some, that the further Consideration of the said Report might be adjourned for a Month.

And by others, that it might be adjourned only until Thursday Morning next.

And the Question being put,. That the further Con-sideration of the said Report be adjourned till Morning next;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TcUers for } Bo.

Tellers for the Noes, ]48'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Dili resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- continuing on the Bill for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for atcertaining the Wine Measure;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,f j^Jr'

'I Mr. Lovether:

ra n c l vr fSir Charles Turner,

Tellers for the Noes.lMr Sitj, W;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committees, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

j 51* }<6.

Resolved,

6 Ann. i° — 2'

R.,ifing the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Aliluia. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money.

.Poor Law*, Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing of *c* the several Acts therein mentioned, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in without Payment of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the East Indies.

37*

Frauds in Drawbacks.

King's

Jt.uu.te.

Vimlv.cctTs

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Diston, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Stock-dale, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. OnJJoiv, Mr. Wynne,' Mr. Bere, Mr. Papil/ou, Mr. Ful, Sir William Hodges, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Ellis, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and his Wife,

and for purchasing other Lands, of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, also for giving Liberty to Jane Nicoll, Widow, and the Executors of

Sir Wm, Pritchard, to pay two Sums, of £. 4,000 and £. 2,000, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Life-time of the said fare Nicoll, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

Mercurii, 2° slprilis;

Anno 6° Annte Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Wollaston, reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell several Lands at Colegreen, within the Manor of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford, and the Manor of the Rectory of Hertingfordbury aforesaid, late the Estate of Aiine Windvsood, deceased, for Payment of a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, due upon Mortgage, and Bond or Specialty, and for laying out the residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, or.Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Lands are now settled. Was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;-and are as follow; viz.

5 Pr. L. 18. After " upon" insert " Richard " laflon, of Wormiey, in the County of Hertford, " Esquire."

L. 23. Before " inlert " Richard

" Woollaston."

6 Pr. L. 24. The same Amendment.

7 Pr. L. 31. The same Amendment.

8 Pr. L. 2. The same Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and

Mr Medlicott:

Vol. 15.

Hitch'*

Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to veil several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, in Robert Hitch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, in lieu thereof, and as an Exchange thereof, to the same Uses, without any Amendment:

The Lords have allb agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, in relation to Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided for him out of Lands in Ireland, without any Amendment :.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Acts more effectual, for appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages, there, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Clarke, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in London, to Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys, Knight, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, to Sale of Land* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliffe Culey, in the county of ‘ Leicester, to be sold, upon the settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold, are settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Pendarvis'

Estate.

Puilding Churches iw Ireland.

Clarke's

Elute.

Pierrepont's

EltaU.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pierrepont, Esquire (since deceased) and the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk,

Kent, and Surrey, to enable William and Samuel -pont. Infants, to make Partition of Land in other Counties, and to fell the lame, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peck, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Papers, delivered in by Captain Papers to l< Morgan O Brien, and Colonel John Rice, be re-delivered relur1ned 10 by the Clerk of this House to them respectively, they App lcant*' applying to him, and giving a Receipt for the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An IIumberAon Act for encouraging the re-building the ancient'Parish Church.

Church of Humberston, in the County of Lincoln, and settling a Rent-charge, of greater Value, on the Bishop of Lincoln, and his Successors, in lieu of the Rectory of Humberston, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the several Acts therein mentioned, was read the Third time. ^00^,a'v?'

An ingrossed Claure was offered, as a Ryder, That, upon Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, imposed

or

A bol ishing life of French in legal Proceedings.

Frauds in Drawbacks.

Duties on Wines.

Duties on Suit, See.

37 a 2° — 30 Ap . 1707.

or given by the Act, Costs shall be allowed the

Plaintiff.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank.: The Blank was filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy; and for explaining several Chules in former Acts, relating to the Highways between Birdlipp Hill and tin! City of Gloucester.

Ordered \That Colonel Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill from the 1 ords, intituled, An Act for abolififing the Use of the French Tongue in ail Proceedings in Parliament, and Courts of Justice, was read the First time.

Resolved, Tlvat the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be taken into Confederation upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Spanijk and Portugal Merchants, trading in Wines, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Clause in the Bill for continuing the general Mortgage from the 10th of 1710,

to the 25th of March, 1712, for ascertaining the Wine Measure, the Petitioners will be prejudiced, it being in elseft laying a new Duty on Wines: And praying to be heard by their Counfei, before the said Clause be made Part of the said Bill.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, was committed, be taken Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Exchequer do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the Wine Measure.

An ingossed Bill for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, Bigg, as are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland* was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, touching the Port of Chester.

And. the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up.

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, That, if, upon the clearing of any Salt, allowed by this Act to be cellared, there be any want of the Quantity, the Importer thereof shall be answerable for the fame.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up.'

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments: following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 5. L. ult. To leave out the first " the

Pr. 8. L. 4. To leave out " other

Pr. 9. L. 7. To leave out " over and above what " shall be entered out for such Exportation."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed ynto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and fot making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, Bigg,

as are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to t^e Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Katharine Harris, was committed, be taken upon Friday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not re-paid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Barker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Barker reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made To morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds Mating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in England, without Payment of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the Ecjl Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Bert, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fulham, Mr. Papili/on, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and Jane, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands, of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, also for giving Liberty to Jane Nicoll, Widow, and the Executors of Sir William Pritchard, to pay two Sums, of £. 4,000 and £. 2,000, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Life-time of the said Jane Nicoll, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,3® die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Annas Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

SIR Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Holt, and others, was committed; that they had made feme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and are as follow; viz.

Pr. I. L. 21. Leave out " and."

L. 23. After * N" insert " " grieta Lodwik, Daughter of Samuel Maynard, by " Anneke his Wife, born at UtreSf, in Holland; Martin " Amonts, Son of Martin Arnouts, by Jofyna his Wife,

" born at Amsterdam, in Holland; Francis Noiray, Son

" of

Harm'

ElCatC.

Jlaifing tb§ Miiitu.

Trands in Drawback*.

Kin^t

Efiute.

Van Holt's, &c. Nat.

6 Ann. a® — 3" Aprilis. 373

of Lewis Noiray, by Henhis Wife, born at Marfillesin France; John Fredrick Son of

" John Frederick Aleman, by Anna Katharina his Wife,

" born at Maydcberg, in Germany; Peter , Son of

44 John Trinuet, by Magdalina his Wife, born at Nefmss,

* in Fiance-, Stephen Dav.buzSon of Efait Daubuz,

by Julie his Wife, born at Nerac in the Province of Guiene in France -, Gtrrard Rasfeild, Son of John Rasfeild, by Anna his Wife, born at Amsterdam, in Holland; Godfry Corre, Son of Jacob Corre, by CkriJlina his Wife, born at in; Paul

Jordis, Son of Michel Jordis, by Elizabeth his Wife,

" born at Frankfort on Main in Germany; Philip De 44 Gols, Son of Philip De Gols, by Mary his Wife,

" born at Amsterdam, in HollandLewis Son of Lewis Noiray, by Henrietta his Wife, born " at Paris, in France; John Manitru Son of John Manitru, by Judith his Wife, born at , in

Normandie, in France -, Peter Debomaire, Son of John Debomaire, by Mary his Wife, ' born at St.

Questen in France; John Cudd, Son of Dirick Cudd,

44 by dementia Van RcfendaB his Wife, born at Roterdam in Holland; Balthazar Cornet, Son of " thazar Cornet, by Judith his Wife, born at Mcnte/imar,

44 in France; Daniel Van de Son of Gajper -Ham Fait de Poll, by Arthrufe his Wife, born at " migen, in Gelderland Stephen Son of Luke

Mayjlre, by Mary his Wife, born at in

44 France-, Frederick Standert, Son of Ado/ff " by Margareta his Wife, born at Schermbeck in the Duchy of Cleeves, in PrvJJ; Joseph Poulce, Son of Henry Poulce, by Judith his Wife, born at St. Malo,

in France -, John Paul Majestene, Son of John carene. by Margareta his Wife, born at Cajtres, in France 5 David Godin, Son of David Godin, by Frances his Wife, born at Ha'vredegrace in the Province of " Normandy, in France -, Jabn Monbevill, Son of James Monbevill, by SusanHa his Wife, born at *c in France-, IJaacBlankert, Son of Leonard Blankert,

by Gcrarda his Wife, born at Amsterdam, in Holland -,

44 Bertrand Cahvac, Son of Peter Cahvac, by Anna his W ite, born at Levignac, in France -, Frederick Hertegk, Son of Gerrard Hertogh, by Helena his Wife, born at Tergon in Holland-, Charles Solomon " Briand, Son of Charles Briand, by EJler his Wife,

44 born at Lachat Gneray, in France -, John , Son of John Marsh, by Lucy his Wife, born at Chalons,

" in Champaigne, in France -, Lewis Fountaine, Son of " Peter Fontaine, by Susanna his Wife, born at Xintonge,

in France; John Claverie, Son of Peter Claverie, by 41 Jane, his Wife, born at Befing, in the Province of " Bearn, in France; William Son of George

44 FraJer, by Mary his Wife, born at Rigu, in Livonia;

44 Daniel Pain, Son of Daniel Pain, by Anna his Wife,

44 born at Fonlenay le Conte, in Poiton, in; and

44 Baudvin Demande, an Infant, Son of Baudvin mande, by Mary his Wife, born at Hamburgh."

Pr. 1. L. 35, and 36. Leave out and, and after Lyon" insert Margrieta Lodwick, Martin Arnouts,

44 Francis Noiray, John Frederick Aleman, Peter Stephen Daubuz, Gerard Rasfeild, Godfry Corre, Paul Jordis, Philip De Gols, Lewis Charles Norrey, John " Maintru, Peter Debomaire, John Cudde, Balthazar Cornet, Daniel Van de Poll, Stephen Mayjiree, Fredri k 44 Standert, Joseph Poulce, John Paul Majearene, David

44 Godin, John Monbevill, Isaac Blankert, Be it rand Cahvac,

(t Frederick Hertogh, Charles Solomon Bryand, John Marsh,

44 Lewis Fontaine, John Claverie, William Frafter, Daniel Pain, and Baudvin Demande."

Pr. 2. L. 11. Leave out and, " and after "Lyon" insert Margrieta Lodwick, Martin Arnouts, Francis Noiray, John Fredrick Aleman, Peter 'Triquet, Stephen Daubuz, Gerard Rasfeild, Godfry Paul Jordis,

44 Philip De Gols, Lewis Charles Noiray, John Maintru,

" Peter Debomaire, John Cudde, Balthazar Cornet,

" Daniel Van De Pell, Stephen Mayjlre, Fredrick Standert, Yol. 15.

44 Joseph Poulce, John Paul Majearene, David Godin, John Monbevill, Isaac Blankert, Bertrand Cahvac, Fredrick " Hertogh, Charles Solomon Briand, John Marsh, Lewis 14 Fontaine, John Claverie, William FraJier, Daniel Pain,

44 and Baudvin Demande."

L. 35. Leave out and.M

L. 36. After Lyon" insert Margrieta *4 Lodwick, Martin Arnouts, Francis Noiray, John Fred- rick Aleman, Peter Triquet, Stephen Daubuz, Gerard

44 Rasfeild, Godfry Corre, Paul Jordis, Philip De Gols,

44 Lewis Charles Noiray, John , Peter Debonnaire,

" John Cudde, Balthazar Cornet, Daniel Van de Poll,

" Stephen Mayftree, Fredrick Standert, Joseph Poulce, John Paul Majearene, David Godin, John Monbevill, Isaac Blankert, Bertrand Cahvac, Frederick Charles

44 Solomon Briand, John Marsh, Lewis Fontaine, John Claverie, William Fr after, Daniel Pain, and Baudvin Demande"

Mr. Barker (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tailing the Militia for the Year, 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fe* verally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to (ell several Lands at within the Manor of Hartingfordbu in the County of Hertford \and the Manor and Rectory of Hartingfordbury aforesaid, late the Ellate of Anne Winwood, deceased, for a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest due upon Mortgage, and Bond or Specialty, and for laying out the Relidueof the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands or Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Lands are now settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Woollaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees a Messuage, and Lands, in Ratcliff e Culey, in the County of Leicester, to be sold, upon the settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses, as the Lands, to be sold, are settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Lands in Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles late Lord Cheyne, Viscount New haven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands, in John Lord Vr.ughan, Earl of Carberry in Ireland, and his Heirs, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of William Elfon, an Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Father's Debts by Specialties, with an Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

5 & Also,

Vanholta'i

Nat*,

ftaifing the Militia.

Winwood*

Estate.

Sale of Lands in Ratcliffs Culey*

Chelsea

College.

Elfon's

EltaU.

Charlton's

ElUle.

King's

Eflute*

Clarkes

FJtate.

Flfon's

EAate.

474 5* Apfilis, A. 1707.

Alfiv, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Charlton, Esquire,

deceased, and for purchasing other Estate or Estates in the Counties of Nottingham, and Lincoln, to

be settled to the like Uses, as the Estate in the County of Montgomery was settled, with some Amendments} to which they dei'ire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engtrs withdrew.

Sir Francis Majhdm reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and Jane, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands, of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, also forgiving Liberty to Jane Nico/l, Widow, and the Executors of Sir William Pritchard, to pay two Sums, of Four thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Life-time of the said Jane Nicoll, was committed} that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thamas Clarke, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe, in London, to Sir Jeffrey Jeffreys, Knight.

Arid the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

1 Pr. 3 L. Instead of " Simple " read Tail general."

4 Pr. 8. L. After Year* " read " and felled in " Fee Ample of the Premisses.'*

25 L. For " or either" read " and Abraham " Clark, Brother of the said John Clarke, or any."

27 L. For " either" read " any."

37 L. Instead of " or either" read " and the said Abraham Clarke, or any."

Ordered, That Mr. Hern do carry the B ill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of William Elfon, an Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Father's Debts on Specialties.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 32. Leave out from " (hall" to the Second " and " in the 35th L. and read " remain in the Hands of the said Trustees, and the Survivors " and Survivor of them, and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, under the same Trust, as the said Premisses, hereby directed to be sold, are " subject to by the Will of the said Testator, in all " Things, except that, if it rtiall happen, that all the Debts of the said Testator, secured by Mortgage, or " other Specialties, be not yet discovered, and that " some other Debt or Debts, lb secured, shall hereafter

be found out, aff'efting the real Estate of the said " Testator, in such Gale the said Overplus Money shall " be liable to pay offend discharge such Debt or Debts, " as aforesaid, with the Interest'due thereupon; any " thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in " any wise notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Mr. Fulham do carry the Bill to the 21

I-ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Subsidies, Impoficions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; was committed; the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Several Officers of the Exchequer; viz. Mr. Low,

and Mr. Leneve, attending, according to Order; and

alii) several Officers of the Customs; viz. Mr.

They were called in, and examined touching the Wine Measure, and the Usage of importing Wines in Casks.

And then they withdrew.

And the House being informed, that several Merchants attended; they, viz.Mr. Leeven, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Dade, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Weeden, and others, were called in, and examined to the like Purposes:

And then withdrew.

The Clause, for ascertaining the Wine Measure, which the Committee had added, as an Amendment to the Bill, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment}

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } 104-

Tellers for the Nocs|j}j; }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Clause of Appropriation of all the Moneys granted this Session of Parliament, was offered, to be added to the Bill.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended, and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legardand Mr. Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement, or Composition, made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Discovery and apprehending of House-breakers, with some Amendments} to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton Housej in

Westminster.

And the House being acquainted, that Thomas Cotton, Esquire, the last Remainder Man, hath by Letter (which was produced by a Member of the House, and read) given his Consent to the Bill;

A Copy of so much of the same Letter (which was directed to Sir Fra. Maffant) as relates to that Matter, is as followeth; viz.

RATHER than I would be thought unrea* sonable, or do any thing that might seem disrespectfui to her Majesty, and your honourable House, by giving

her

Supply Bill; continuing several Subsidies;

Brerewood* Eli ate.

Apprehend*

ing House-bieaksrs,

Vesting Cotton House in the Crown-

6 Ann. 30 — 4° 37$

her Majesty; and you, any further Trouble, I am very willing, and do give my Consent, that this Bill do pass J and desire, you will please to declare the same to the House, when the Matter comes to be reported. Sir. I understand, you were the Chairman of the Committee, made me trouble you with this; which I hope you will be so kind to excuse, from your moll affectionate Kinsman,

And humble Servant to command,

T. ColtoH.

to be sold, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 4* die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, i'jop-

The Amendments, made by the Committee to this Rill, were once read throughout, and are as follow:

Pr. 1. L. 20. After " own" add " great."

L. 26. After " Constitution" add " both in Church and State;" and, in the same Line, after

k

Prayers.

' I 'HE Lord Cheyne reported from the Committee, to A whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, late the Ellate of which" add " Manuscripts, and otherfWritings; were Drake, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be

" procured, as well from Parts beyond the Seas, as from " several private Cdleftors of such Antiquities within this Realm, and."

Pr. 4. L. 36. After ‘k that'1 leave out all to " Saving'* in L. 41. and, in Head thereof, insert the Amendment; taarked #; " That a convenient Room shall be built, for the keeping of all Manuscripts, and other things, in, and be called the Caloniah Library, and shall be under the same Regulations, as the present is."

L. 41. Before " Saving" add Clause, marked A; " That the said Sir John Cotton shall settle, as equivalent, in lieu of the said House; Lands in Huntington " or Bedfordshire, to the same Uses, the said House was k< settled by the said Act of Parliament."

And then the said Amendments were read a Second time, one by one, to Clause A, and, upon the Questioil severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding *

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put; That the House do agree to add the said Words;

Jt passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment of Clause A.

Drake's

Eftatt.

fold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Rill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once lead throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. ii. Leave out from u Form" to " the," Pr. 4. L. a6. and, instead thereof, insert " And whereas."

Pr. 4. L. 27. Leave out said."

Pr. 5. L. 8, .9. Leave out " Sum of £.5,000, and the Interestand Proceed thereof," and insert " Debts*and Legacies of the said Mountague Drake be paid and satisfied."

L. 35. 36. Leave out " or any otherways."

L. 6. Leave out from " direct" to " and, " L. 6.

in

ti

tc

Frauds in Drawbacks.

Abolitking nfe of French in legal Proceeding*.

Clerk* in Six Clerk'* Office.

Ft dicing Clerk* in Six Clerk'* Office.

Drake's

Ft'tate.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent and obviate Ftauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and Eqjt India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in without Payment of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the East Indies; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for abolishing the Use of the French Tongue in all Proceedings in Parliament, and Courts of Justice, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were to enquire into the Manner of increasing the Number of the Clerks in the Six Clerks Office, from time to time, to the Number of Ninety, and upon what Consideration, be taken upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of sworn Clerks in the Six Clerks Office, was committed, be taken upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr, Dry den. Sir Ja. Mountague, Mr.

Hysham, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Mitton, Mr.

Sir Samuel Garrard, Mr. Med/icot, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Linds in the County of Kent, late the

Pr.7.

in Pr. 8.

Pr. 8. L. 7. Leave out from " that" to " all," in L. 14.

L. 16. After " thereof" insert " and all such and lo much of the Moneys arising by the Sale, as shall be remaining."

Mr. Pitjeild reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, was committed; that they had considered the Papers, relating to Burglars, and other Criminals, delivered in by Mr. Joseph Bi/lers; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same was read, and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Joseph Billers, of the City of London, hath been at great Expences, and hazard of his Life, in detesting, and bringing to Justice, several Burglars, and other Criminals, for which he deserves Encouragement, and Protection.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King, and Jane, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands, of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, also for giving Liberty to Jane Nicoll, Widow, and the Executors of Sir fVII/iam Prichard, to pay two Sums, of Four thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the Life-time of the said Jane Nicoll, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Frauds Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

AppreTienfiea of Felon*.

King'tE Ante

Estate of Mountague Drake, Esquire, deceased in Trullees, agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Vo l. 1*. A Message

\V in WO ml's

LlUlc.

Avnfworih's

Estate.

Pierrepont's

Eiiate.

Baynes'

Kllate.

I ords defir# to have i he attendance of a Person in custody.

Terfo ns not paying Serjeant's Fees.

7 6 40 Apr A. 1707.

A Meffige from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Medlicctt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell several Lands at CoL within the

Manor of Hertingfordbury, in the County of , and the Manor of the Rectory of aforesaid,

late the Estate of Anne Witnvood, deceased, for Payment of a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, and Interest, due upon a Mortgage, and Bond or Specialty, and for laying out the retidue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands or Tenements, to be settled to the same Uics, as the fiiid Lands are now settled:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for t!,e better Discovery of the Estate of John Hynjworth, late of London, Merchant, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the confirming and establishing the Partitions, made between William Pierre pan/, Esquire, (llnce deceased) and the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties Kent, and

Surrey, and to enable William and Samuel Pierrepoint, Infants, to make Partition of Land in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Land=, to be settled to the same Uses, and for restifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Esquire.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and supplying the Defects, in an Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Ed Baynes, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provisions for his Daughters, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that their Lordships having under Confederation a Bill, lent up from this House, intituled, An Act for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted to him in the last Session of Parliament; and the said Rice having petitioned to be heard on the said Bill, and to have Liberty to attend his Counsel in the mean Time; their Lordships desire, that the said John Rice (who, as they are informed, is in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House) may be permitted, and ordered, to attend his Counsel accordingly, and to appear at their Bar, when desired; and that this House will iransmit to "their House such Papers, as are now before this House, relating to the Matter of the said Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do permit John Rice to attend his Counsel, and to appear at the Bar of the House of Lords, when the Lords do desire it.

The House was informed by the Clerk, that the Papers, which were before the House, relating to the said Bill, have been delivered (by Order of the House) to the respective Parties, who delivered the same in.

The Messengers were called in again, and acquainted with the Matters aforesaid.

A Petition 0 f Samuel Powell, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms

attending this House; praying, that his Circumstances may be taken into Consideration, in relation to the great Charges lie has been at in fending his Messengers to most Parts of the Kingdom (in Obedience to the Orders of the House) to apprehend Persons ordered into his Custody; but that such Persons absconded to the End of a Session, whereby they clcaped with Impunity, and evaded the Justice of the House; and also in relation to some few, who have been taken into Custody, and have lain to the End of a Session, and not paid any thing; and such, as did p3y, paid only what they thought fit; and that he may be relieved therein, as shall be thought meet.

And the House taking into Consideration the several Contempts of their Orders by Persons who have justly incurred the Censure of the House, and the great Charges, the Serjeant at Arms, attending the House, hath been at, in endeavouring to execute such Orders, for which he has had no Satisfaction, some of the Persons having absconded from Justice, and others, who have been in Custody, having their Liberty at the End of a Session, upon a Prorogation, have refused to pay the Officers their just Fees; and likevy ife considering the ill Consequences of such Contempts of the Authority of the House;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That when any Person,

ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, shall either abscond from Justice, or, having been in Custody, shall refuse to pay the just Fees; that, in either of those Cafes, the Order for Commitment shall be renewed the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; and that this be declared to be a Handing Order of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideratiort the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing other Estate or Estates in the Counties of Nottingham, and Lincoln, to be

settled to the like Uses, as the Estate in the County of Montgomery was settled.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. Line 44, and 45. Leave out "

" of Bramston, in the County of Esquire," and

insert " John Laughton, Prebendary of the Cathedral " Church of Wore offer."

Pr. 4. L. 1 ft, and ad. Leave out " ffobe Ptanmere, of

Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex," and insert " William Wogan, of Gray's Inn."

L. 4, and 5. Leave out " James ,"

and insert " John Laughton;" and leave out *' fobs

" Hanmere," and insert " William

L. 16. Leave out " James Winstanley," and insert " John Laughton;" and leave out " lobe Hanmere" and insert " William Woogan.".

L 30. Leave out " James Winstanley ff and insert " John Laughtonand leave out " Lobe Hanmere and insert " William Woogan."

Pr. 5. L. 25. Leave out " James Winstanley," and insert " John Laughton,"and leave out " Lobe Hanmere'

and insert " William Woogan."

L. 26. Leave out from " them" to Saving,0 in the 27 Line.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the discovery and apprehending of House-breakers.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Skin. 33 L. Leave out from " effect" to and, '* in the 6th Line of the 4th Skin.

5 Skin, 3 L. After " Convict," and before the Ryder, add the Clause C.

At the End of the Bill add the Clause B.

Clause C. " Provided always, that if any such principal Felon cannot be taken, so as to be prosecuted,

" and

Chari tor/g LflaUa

Frauds m Drawbacks-

Apprehending House-breakers*

Supply Bill;

continuing

several

Subsidies.

Frauds in Drawbacks.

6 Ann. 4° — 5°

" and convicted, for any fitch Offence, yet nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to prosecute, and " punish, every such Person and Persons, buying or " receiving any Goods, stolen by any such principal " Felon, knowing the same to be stolen, as for a Misdemeanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, " or other such corporal Punishment, as the Court shall " think fit to inflict, although the principal Felon be not ° before convict of the said Felony; which shall exempt " the Offender from being punished as Accessary, if such " principal Felon shall be afterwards taken, and convicted."

Clause B. " And whereas the Offences, mentioned in " this Act, are generally committed in London, and " Middlesex, and the Rewards hereby granted, being to

" be paid by the Under-sheriffs of the said Counties, by reason whereof they will be obliged to disburle great " Sums of Money; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Sheriff of London and " Middlesex shall accept, demand, take, or receive, " of his or their Under-sheriff, directly or indirectly, " either by himself, or any Person or Persons inTruft " for him or them, any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity, or Present, whatsoever, for the Execution of " the Place of Under-sheriff, nor in any manner oblige " his or their Under-sheriff, by Covenant, Promise, or otherwise, to be at any Expence or Charge in relation to the said Place of Under-sheriff, which ought " and hath been usually paid and disbursed by the HighSheriff, except the Rewards, given by this or any " other Act, for the apprehending Highwaymen, Clipptrs. Coiners, and House-breakers, and the Fees of " passing such High Sheriff's Accounts in the Exchequer, and such other Disbursements, as hath been heretofore customarily sustained by the Under-sheriff."

Ordered, That Mr. Pitfeild do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making other Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for ascertaining the Wine Measure.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in England, without Payment of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods brought from the East Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, upon the said Report, to prevent the Frauds, which may be committed by Englishmen, or Foreigners, importing Goods and Merchandizes through into

without paying the Duties for the fame.

Vo l. 15.

Aprilis. 377

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, Abolishing intituled, An Act for abolishing the Use of the French ®fJrench Tongue in all Proceedings in Parliament, and Courts of pr0eeeding». Justtce, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Harris'

whom the Bill for the Relief of Katharine Harris, was *'ftaU*

committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 6" Annae Regina;, 1707.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act VarViolte's to naturalize Henry Van-holte, and others, was read &c. Nat the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Baynes' Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Estate. An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and supplying the De-fefts, in an Act, of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baynes, for discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provisions for his Daughters.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. 42. L. For " fourth" read " third."

5 Pr. 52. L. For " Survivors" read " Survivor."

6 Pr. 8. L. After " divided" insert the Clause X.

20. L. Instead of " Survivor or Survivors," read Survivors or Survivor."

23. L. For " Receceipt" read " Receipt."

42. L. For " Barnes" and " ."

Clause X. " Provided always, and it is hereby enacted,

" that all and every real Security or Securities, on " which any the Moneys, arising by Sale of the Premisses, subjected by this Act to be sold, or any Part " thereof, or on which any the Moneys, which have been raised by any Sale or Sales of any the Hereditaments, subjected to be sold, as aforesaid, by the " said Act, of the third Year of your Majesty's Reign,

shall at any Time or Times hereafter be put out, as " aforesaid, shall from time to time, and at all Times " hereafter, during the Trull aforesaid, be approved by " one of the Mailers of the Court of Chancery in " Ireland, to be named from time to time by the Lord " Chancellor of Ireland, or the Lord Keeper of the great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, and not " otherwise; and that, if any the said Moneys, so " raised, as aforesaid, by virtue of the said former " Act, be already otherwise put out, it is hereby " enacted, that the Security, on which the same is 4t so put out, shall be forthwith inspected by one of " the Mailers aforesaid, so to be named, as aforesaid;

" and, if the Security, on which the same is so put out,

" when so inspected, shall not be approved by such " Mailer, so to be named, that then the said Moneys,

so put out thereupon, shall be called in, and put out " on other real Security, to be approved, as aforesaid; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Mr. Monson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

5 C An

A'

5° AprU

A. 1707.

Drake'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eilat*. Act for vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, late the E(late of MountagueDrake, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be ibid, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments} to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard

and Mr Medlicott:

Mr; Speaker,

Frauds by The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ankrupts. Act to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, without any Amendment:

Thomeur's The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made &c. Nat. by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others.

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, ns Ryder, That

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House, in Westminster.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do catty the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Newfound-posed, That an humble Address be presented to her land Trade. Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to use her royal Endeavours to recover, and preserve, the ancient Possessions, Trade, and Fishery, in

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,j J 38.

Tellers for the Noes,! 8°'

So it passed in the Negative.

Piracies. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine into the Piracies, committed in the and West Indies; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Manley, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. , Mr. S hacker ley. Lord

Wm. Rowlett, Sir Cha. Lord Connings by, Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Caflar, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mason, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Shepherd, Sir Fra. Mafliam, Mr. Afgyll, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Gould, Mr. Mr. Aylmer, Mr.

Grabate, Mr. Barker, Mr. Herne, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Moore, Sir John Hawles, Mr.

Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Morley, Sir Tho.

Travell, Mr. Moyle-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Railing the An ingrafted Bill for raising the Militia for the Year Militia. 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money.

Ordered, That Mr, Barker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Abolishing An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Frwrck Act for abolishing the Use of the French Tongue in all Proceedings: Proceedings in Parliament, and Courts of Justice, was {according :to Order) read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bih be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R Joined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

Punching The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Vagrants. for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual, with feme Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Verting An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

Cotton Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Crown.n Cotton House, in Westminster, was read the Third time. *5

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Frauds in Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to whack*. prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to reland them in England, without Payment of Duty, and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the East Indies, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table} where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added tx> the Bill, touching Wine to be imported from Scotland.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up.

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Goods, imported into Scotland before the ift of May, 1707, and shall afterwards be brought into England, shall pay the like Duties, as if directly imported into England, except they were for the foie Account of Scotchmen.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; the Blanks filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ditto, whom it was referred to examine into Frauds, committed in Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported, betaken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Vest-by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the cotton better securing her Majesty's Purchase -of Cotton House, House in the in Westminster. Crown.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

6 Ann.

fjprilis. 379

pat. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; Lunt£, 7° die Apr HiS; It passed in the Negative.

Punishing

Vagrants,

Drake's

Estate.

Pye's Debt to (he Crown.

Wandesford's

Estate.

Van-bolt's, &c. Nat.

Raising the Militia.

Harris'

fftate.

Anno 6* Anna Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punish-xnentof Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual.

And the fame, being once read throughout, are as follow j viz.

t Skin. 2a L. Leave out from " longer" to the second " And," in the aid Line of the second Skin.

a Skin, 40 L. Leave out from " thereof" to " And," in the 4th line of the 3d Skin.

3 Skin, 20 L. Leave out " Bench of."

24 L. Leave out " Bench of."

*6 L. Leave out " Bench of."

The first of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment.

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir John Wolften-holme, Sir Wm.Hujller, Mr. Palmes, Sir John

daunt, Mr. Monekton, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Foley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lan, Sir Wm.

Sir Trisham Dittington, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ash, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Barker, Mr. Evelyn: And they are to withdraw immAliately into the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gety, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, late the Estate of Mountague Drake, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies:

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Pye, Gentleman, and his Securities, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Elizabeth and Elizabeth

Foulke, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Van-holt, and others:

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1707, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Mason reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Katherine Harris, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being VOL. 15.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into Frauds, committed by Drawbacks of Goods and Merchandizes exported.

And the same was read, and is as follows, viz,

Mr. Pitkin, being examined, laid, that, for five Years before he broke, he was concerned in the Practice of defrauding the Government of high Drawbacks upon Goods, falsely entered for such, upon which those Drawbacks are allowed; and that he was induced into such PraAices by Mr William Lucy, and Charles ittgbam, who told him, they had followed that Practice a considerable time, before, very much to their Advantage $ and was offered to be a Partner with them in such their Profit; which he agreed to accordingly.

That, upon his Engagement with Lucy and ham, they entered great Quantities of low Goods, inclosed in the outward Wrappers, called Gunnills,-for high Goods, and, according to the Direction of Law, sometimes swore themselves, at other Times procured their Brokers, or others, to swear, the Goods were such, as those Wrappers imported, and their prime Cost, as high Goods, and thereupon they received from time to time Drawbacks, from 50 to too per Bale, which they had Persons to swear for ioj. or 15 s. That it was usual for them to ship off from two toseven Bales at a time, lb sworn to, and have received 500 upon one Drawback, at the Rate of £. 15 per Cent, according to the prime Cost of the Goods, so sworn to; and when the said Bales have been put on board such Ships, as they had contracted with the Captains to compleat their Designs (who were Mr. Magnus Mason, Mr. Charles Lovefetto, and Mr. Ralph Selby) those Captains used to lay their Ships so near their own Houses at St. Katherines, that, by laying a Plank from their back Doors, they could go into and from their Ships, and in the Nighttime, when all was safe, they used to cut off the said Gunnels, and Wrappers, and convey the Muslins, and other Goods, into their Houses from the said Ships j and after they were so secured there at proper Times, they were conveyed at Midnight by an old Woman, with Bags, from the said Captains House to one Mr. Chad-well's, a Goldsmith, in Cornh5 and when at Times, the old Woman had brought all their Goods to Chad-welts, they, the said Pitkin, Lucy, and Beckingham, used to fend their Porters thither, to fetch their said Goods to their own Shops.

That the said Captains were paid Ten Guineas for every Bale of Goods they so re-landed, as aforesaid; and were privy to the false Entries, and Practices of Drawbacks, made use of by the said Pitkin, Lucy, and Beckingham.

That he believes, the Custom-house Officers are not capable of detesting such Practices j for that the Law requires only the Oath of the Exporter as to Goods, and Value, for Exportation; and, should the Officers open any of their Bales, they do not know the Difference of Goods between 40 s.and £.4/rr Piece; and, without

they can justify a Distinction, the Goods are packed up again at their own Charge; and therefore is satisfied, that very few Bales are opened, without particular Grounds of Suspicion, by the Custom-house Officers.

But the said Lucy and Beckingham telling Pitkyn, that, as they had, so he must continue to make Matters ealy with one Mr. Car case, a Custom-house Officer, who was their very good Friend, and whose Business it was to examine the Merchants Certificates of Goods, bought at the publick Sale, and who, they told him, was privy to their aforesaid Practices; and accordingly they used to make the said Carcase, and his Wife, Presents, and Treats, by Turns; particularly, he, the said Pitkin, at Lucfs Request, consented, Lucy should present her with a Gold Watch, which cost Pitkin about £. 38, which

Frauds in Drawbacks.

Frauds in Drawbacks*

380 70 Aprilis. A. 1707.

Lucy told him, would stop Car case' % smoking their Practices.

That the said Carcase was, in a manner, a Stranger to Pitkin; but there was a very great Intimacy between Lucy and him, and their Wives, who were seldom asunder.

That, since his, the said Pitkin's, failing, he applied to Lucy, for an Allowance out of the £.6 per Cent, that

he had received for what Effects Pitkyn had discovered himself; and, upon Pitkyn's threatening to make a Discovery of the aforesaid Frauds and Practices upon the Government, Lucy agreed to allow him £. 50 Annum, for Seven Years.

The said Pitkyn further said, that, upon one of their Attempts for a Drawback, they were detected by Mr. Bertie, a Custom-house Officer, upon a false Entry; upon which the Goods were seized, to the Value of £. 1,300, and it cost them £. 500 to retrieve them; the Merchants, upon a Seizure, paying only what Goods seized are valued at, and not what they cost, whereby their Competitions are made easy.

And such Seizures being kept private by the Officers, the Exporters Reputations, not being exposed, are not prejudiced by such Practices.

Mr. Bertie, one of the Custom-house Officers, laid, he had seized some Goods, that Pitkin was endeavouring to export by false Entries, and in another Person's Name, to the Value of about £. 800, and the tame were condemned, and fold; and does not remember, any Person appeared to be concerned with Pitkin, other than one Peirce, who was his Solicitor.

Mr. Peirce said, he was concerned for in that

Seizure; and Mr. Beckingham was concerned with Pitkin.

Mr. Walker, to prove the Partnership between Pitkyn, Lucy, and Beckingham, upon Goods for Exportation,

said, he had seen several Bills of Parcels of Goods, of a very great Value, that has been made in their three Names jointly: To which Mr. Lucy said, that, though there might be such Bills of Parcels, yet they used to divide the Goods, as soon as they were brought Home, and gave their separate Notes for paying for the tame.

Mr. Carcase, attending, was examined touching a

Gold Watch, said by Pitkyn to be presented to Mr. Carcase's Wife by Mr. Lucy, at s Charge, of about

1-38.

Mr. Carcase owned, Mr. Lucy had presented his Wife with a Watch; but, that it was not on account of private Business, but only the Friendship and Intimacy, that was between their two Families; and that he had presented Mr. Lucy's Family with Presents, more than an Equivalent for what he had received from Mr. Lucy, and that he never received any Gratuity from Pitkyn in his Life; and was never privy to any of their Transactions.

Mr. Lucy owned, he had presented a Watch to Mrs. Carcase, which he bought, and paid £.32 for it; but that it was not for any Business done, but the Friendthip between their Families; and had received several Presents from Mr. Carcase.

To which Pitkyn laid, that, though Mr. Lucy bought the Watch, he allowed him the Money it cost, upon Account, out of the Divisions, made between them upon the account of Drawbacks: Which Lucy denied.

Mr. Pitkyn further said, that Mr. Lucy put a Parcel of prohibited Silks on board a Vessel, whereof one Cook was Master, for Exportation for Holland, of the Value of £. 900 or thereabouts, and Pitkyn gave Bond at the Custom-house, that none of those Silks should be relanded; but, notwithstanding, the said Silks were relanded, and he saw them afterwards in Lucy's Ware-house.

Mr. JVatkinson said, that he having bought two Bales of Betillys of Mr. Newman, who bought them at the East India Sale, which, he lupposes, Mr. Lucy did not imagine he intended for Exportation, for that, when he

came to the Custom-house, to enter them for Exportation, he found, Mr. Lucy had writ off about 160 Pieces of the same Goods in his Name; upon Complaint whereof, that Entry was rectified by Mr. Carcase, otherwise Lucy must have received the Drawback.

Mr. Carcase (according to Order) laid before the Committee an Account, to what Head the Goods, so writ off by Lucy, were placed, upon his rectifying Mr. Watkinson's Entry.

Mr. Edward Loveybond, formerly Apprentice to Mr. Pitkyn, said, that, whilst he was in Mr. s Ser-

vice, though he was often sent out of the Way, yet he has observed, when Goods have been sent, to be shipped off from the Shop, he has seen, in a few Days after, 40, 50, and 100, Pieces in a Day, of the same Goods, so said to be shipped off, to be brought into the Shop again; and believes, the Goods, so said to be shipped off, and re-landed, were in Partnership between Lucy, Beckingham, and Pitkyn, having seen great Quantities of Goods brought from their Shops to s for flapping, and, upon their Return to s, they have been

sent back to Lucy and Beckingham

Mr. Dawbus, who had been an Apprentice to Beck-ingham four Years, and three Years a Journeyman, laid, that he did not know of any Goods re-landed by his Master, lent on board; but owned, he often suspected, there had been such Practices; for that, when Goods are shipped for Holland, they usually had Orders to deface the Marks, put upon the Sample Pieces by the East India Company; and yet when such Goods have been sent from the Shop, for Exportation, he has afterwards found those Sample Pieces, with other Goods, as he might suspect were sent with them, brought back again to the Shop; and has observed Goods, so brought back again several Times, divided between Lucy, Beckingham, and Pitkyn-, but knew nothing of their Practices in re-landing Goods, of his own Knowlege.

Mr. Whetberley, Servant to Mr. Beckingham about

two Years since, laid, that he had shipped off many Parcels of Goods for his Master, but knows nothing of their re-landing any of them.

Mr. Selby, one of the Matters of the Ships (Mason and Lovefetto, the other Matters, being now in Holland) was examined, and accused of re-landing of Goods: Said, that about Seven Years ago, a Dutch Ship lying along-fide by his Ship, Mr. Lucy and Beckingham came to him, and desired him to let them hand a small Box over his Ship ashore; which he consenting to, became acquainted with them; and they afterwards, about the Year 1701, sent him several Bales of Goods, with Coc-kets for Exportation; and when his Ship was cleared, they sent him Word, that they had sent some Goods to him by Mistake, and desired, such Bales, as they deferred, might be re-landed, and they would fend him other Goods, to make up his Freight, and would gratify him for his Trouble; upon which he re-landed the Goods desired, and which were put on board a Wherry, and sent through Bridge at Midnight, by Lucy's Direction.

And being asked, whether he did not use to give Receipts for what Goods he received on board, and, if so, how he re-landed Goods, without the Delivery of his Receipts, especially after the Ship's being cleared;

The laid Selby said, that he did not re-land Goods, till his Ship was cleared, to save his Oath, as Master; and that as to his Receipts, he gives for Goods, they are Handing out against him, though re-landed; and that in Smuggling Affairs there are no Notes passing among them, but deal with one another upon Honour.

That he has not yet received his Gratuities, promiied him, there being an open Account between him and Lucy; and Lucy has preferred a Chancery Suit against him.

And the said Captain, to prove such re-landing of their Goods, laid before the Committee an Account of what Goods, mentioned in Four Cockets, Three in

6 Ann. 7" — 8® Aprilis. 3 8 it

Pitkyns Name, and one in; whereby it

appeared, that out of si Bales of Go ,ds, put on board him, only four Bales were exported for Holland, the other if Bales being re-landed, and lent back to Lucy, Beckingham, and Pitkyns, according to Lucy's Direction; and, though the Goods were mentioned to be in s

Name, in three of the Cockets, yet he looked upon Mr. Lucy to be his Man, and with him made his Contracts, and from him ul'ed to receive his Orders for relanding.

Mr. Chadwell said, that about five or six Years ago Mr. Lucy, Buckingham, and , applied themfe'vesto him, and desired, that, whateverThings should be brought to his House by an old Woman, or any other Person in their Names, he would be lb kind to let them be left there, till they should be sent for away again; and accordingly (he being a Stranger to their Intentions) an old Woman used to come three or four Times in a Day and a Night, and bring 3 or Pieces of Mullins at a Time; and believes, Ihe might c6mc 20 Times, or more, to his House, lo laden; as also one that was Lucy's

Porter, and brought about five or six Times several Parcels of Mullins in Sacks to his House; and that, after the Goods, lo brought to his House, had laid there three or four Days, then they uled to be carried away by the said Nibbs to his Mailers Shops.

The said Nibbs being examined, obstinately denied, that he ever carried any Mullins, or other Goods, to or from ChadwelPs House, but once, upon Mr. s

Account; and that he never was aboard Captain Selby's Ship, but upon Errands from his Mailer; but never ' brought any thing from thence, or any other Place, by Captain Selby's Order: But he being confronted by Mr.

Chadwell, and Captain Selby, the said Captain affirmed, that Nibbs had been on board his Ship about 20 Times, and carried Goods from thence, and from a House in Three Tun Court, in the Armitagwhere the Captain's Men uled to 1 xlge the Goods belonging to Lucy, kyn, and Beckingham, when they were re-landed; for

whi h secret Services Pitkyn laid, he had given him many Guineas for h:s Share; and that he, with Lucy and

ingham, have shipped some Lots four or five times for Drawbacks, and had the very same Lots re-landed again.

Mr. John Marlow, a Hollander, said, that he has had many Biics of Goods shipped on board him by Mr. Lucy, and never re-landed any, but where they were consigned to in Holland.

Mr. Feme, Receiver General of the Customs (according to Order) laid before the Committee an Account of all Debentures, that have been paid in the Names of Mr. P-, L-~, and B — , in the Years 1701,2, 3, 4, and 1705: W hereby it appeared, there has been paid,

s. d.

To Mr. Pitkyn - - - 8,441 19 4!

T o Mr. Buckingham - 6,402 — 7

To Mr. Lucy - - - - 7.279 8 5

I. 22,123 8 4i

Mr. Lucy being examined as to the Practices of false Entries, upon winch he received Drawbacks, and relanding divers Parcels of Goods, he denied the whole Charge; and laid, that he never was concerned with kyn, or Seeking ham, in Partnership, upon any Account whatsoever; and that Pitkyn's Information was made only out of Malice, because he took him in Holland, and brought him to Julhce.

Mr. Lucy owned, he had shipped off many Goods on board the Ships, whereof Mr. Mr. Love-

Jet to, and Mr. Se/by, were Mailers, as also upon moll of the Rot ter darners-, but that his Entries were always fair, and his Drawbac ks just, and he never re-landed any Goods.

Mr. Beckingham, being examined to the Charge against him, denied the same; and made the like Defence, as Mr. Lucy had done.

Vo l.IS.

Whereas it appears to this House, that several Frauds and Abuses have been committed in relation to Drawbacks of Customs;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to her Attorney General, to prosecute such Persons, according to Law, as have been concerned in the said Frauds and Abuses.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of- this House as are of hef Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary Harley reported to the House, that their humble Address having been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe would be graciously pleased to give Satisfaction to the Owners and Freighters of, and others concerned in, the Ship Worcester, for the Damages by them sustained,

out of her Majesty's Share of the Prizes, not appropriated* or in such manner, as to her Majesty shall seem meet; her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer j viz.

Her Majesty will give Directions, that the Moneys, arising from Prizes, shall be applied to that Use, as is desired by the Address.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in England, without Payment of Duty, and for better (ecuring the Duties on Goods, brought from the East Indies, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 4. L. 25 Before "(hall" toinfert "which."

And the same was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at thi Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to prevent and obviate Frauds relating to the Customs, by exporting Tobacco, Plantation and East India Goods, in order to obtain a Drawback, and afterwards to re-land them in England, without Payment of Duties; and for better securing the Duties on Goods, brought from the East Indies, and for the better Payment of Customs for Goods, imported through Scotland by Eng/ijbmen, and Foreigners.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 8° d Apriiis;

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Farrer reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw «p Reafoos, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to one of the Amendttients, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual; that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Perk's Table; where the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow: Realons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the first Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill for the Continuantre of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual.

The Commons disagree to the said Amendment, Because the Statute, of the nth and 12th of King William the 3d, for passing Vagrants, directs, where the Gaol and Marshalsea Money is not sufficient to raise Money for the defraying of Charges in passing Vagrants,

5 D a Rate

Frauds in Drawbacks,

Answfer to Addrtb.

Frauds in Drawbacks

Punching

Vagrants.

382 8° Aprilis A. 1707.

Conference desired with Lords.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Address had been presented to her Majesty, That her tiiccocks: Majesty would be pleated to give Directions to her At-

Mr. Speaker, torney General, to prosecute such Persons, according to

Poor Law*, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Law, as have been concerned in the Frauds and Abuses for continuing the Laws therein mentioned, relating to in relation to Drawbacks of Customs; and that her Ma-the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in jesty was pleated to give this most gracious Answer: SmthfciJd-, and for suppressing of Piracy; and for ex- That her Majesty will give Directions accordingly, plaining several Clauses in former Acts, relating to the

Highways between Birdlipp Hill and the City of Gloucef- Then the Report, relating to the Pirates, and the Re-

fer; with some Amendments; to which they desire the solutions thereupon, were read: Which Report, and Concurrence of this House: Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Crofl'e's Debt Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. The Lord Marquis of Carmarthen was pleated to in-«0 the Crown. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- form the Committee, that his Lordship had received fe-missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to com- veral Applications from some at

pound with John Crojfe, Merchant, and his Securities, the Reason whereof, he conceives, was, that several of for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty, without any them were formerly under his Lordship's Command, and Amendment. since had unhappily been debauched to that Place; and

And then the Messengers withdrew. that his Lordship had received several other Letters, and

Relations, by which it was manifest, there are great Poor Law* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Numbers of Englishmen Pirates at , who have

tt.' Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, great Riches, and desire to obtain her Majesty's most An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned, re- gracious Pardop, that they may return into their native lating to the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Country.

Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy; and Mr. Edward laid, that one Mr. , of

for explaining several Clauses in former Acts, relating Avery's Crew (who was tried for Piracy) told him, that to the Highways between Birdtifp Hill and the City of the Pirates at were very strong, when he

Glouctjler. came from thence,. and able to fit out five very good

And the same were once read throughout, and then Ships, and had a Fort regularly fortified with Thirty a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question Brass Cannon; and that he himself had a Bushel of Gold, several hr put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and Mr. Morgan further said, that Samuel Burgess, a Pi-are as follow; viz. rate, and Matter of the Ship was returning.

Skin 2. L. 26. After " was" read " expired, and from Madagascar with 2.8 Pirates more, and had King was afterwards by the Act, made in the fourth Year s Proclamation of Pardon on board , and lying

" of the Reign of the late King James the Second, en- at Anchor at Cape Good Hope, was invited on board the " acted to be in Force from the 24th Day of June, Ship, called the Loyal , commanded by

" 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End theiv Lowth, and in the Service of the old

" of the next Session of Parliament, with a Proviso, that Company; where himself, and the greatest Part of his the said Act should not extend to Salesmen/or Factors, Crew, were seized; and soon after the Remainder of

employed by Farmers, or Feeders; and the said Acts his Crew, and the Ship, were also seized, and clapt in

" were after." Irons, and carried to India; the Ship and Cargo being

Skin 3. L. 33. Leave out from Parliament" to worth about £. 23,000. The Captain and Ship's Crew the Ryder at the End of the Bill. were about 29; 13 whereof died by hard Usage. The

In the Title, leave out from " Piracy" to the End Captain, and four more, were tried for Piracy, and con-of the Title. dearned; but letting forth the whole State of the Mat>

ter

a Rate shall be made, and the Money levied in such manner, as it was raifod for County Bridges by an Act of Parliament, made in the 22d Year of King Henry the 8th; which Act, having been found inconvenient, because the Method, for raising the Money by the fame, was a very great Charge and Burthen to the Country, and in some Places, particularly in the County of -dlesex ,impracticable, because all the Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, besides a considerable Part of the said County, are in the Hundred of , and

lb numerous, that it is impossible for two Collectors to gather the fame, as by the said Act is directed, was by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of her present Majesty, explained, and altered; which Act being palfed since the passing the said Act, of the 11th and iath Years of King William the Third, and no Provision made therein for raising the Money for defraying the Charges of passing Vagrants; the Commons conceive, that if the Clause, left out by your Lordships by this Amendment, do not stand Part of the Bill, that the Justices of the Peace cannot levy the Money, necessary for defraying the said Charges, but by the same Method, as is directed by the said Statute, made in the a2d Year of the said King Henry the 8th; which will be very prejudicial to the Subject.

To the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th, Amendments, made by your Lordships, the Commons do agree.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered That Mr. Ireton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into the Piracies, committed in the East and West Indies; that they had examined the Matter accordingly, and had thereupon come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Farrer reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual; the Lords do agree to the said Conference, and do appoint the same to be immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to one of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Farrer reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference; and had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

Piracies.

Conference with Lords.

Answef t# Address.

Piracies-

6 Ann.

8® Apritis. 383

ter to the Queen, upon account of their coming over, as aforesaid,.. . granted their Pardons: And, upon several Conversations about their Strength, their Inclinations, and their Riches, the said Captain told this In*

formant, that he looked upon them to be a thousand strong, and most English \and their Inclinations were to return to their own native Country, as he himself had done, provided they were allured of their Pardons; and that he looked upon them to be worth at lead a Million of Money.

Mr. John Webber said, in June, 1701, or thereabouts, that he, and about 150 more, were taken in the Ship, called the Pro/perous, bound to , and carried to

Madaga/car;where they all continued for some time, and until they built a Sloop, which brought them off. He said further, that he saw a great many Persons there, most of which were English.

Captain Thomas Bowry, Owner of the Ship,

of 24 Guns, faith, that the said Ship went from England with a Cargo to India; and touching at 3 at

Madagascar, and having sent the Long-boat on Shore for Water, about Eleven a Clock at Night the Boat came off with Men and Arms, and ted the Ship, and entered on Board, and fired, and wounded the Captain and Mate: About three Parts of the Men were put on Shore, where they built and finished a Sloop, and went to Surrat: The Ship Pro/perous, and Cargo, valued at £. 8,000. Afterwards the Pirates went a cruizingwith the said Ship Pro/perous, and took a Ship of about 700 Tons, which they named the De/yance; upon taking of which, they burnt the Pro/perous, and continued about

Cu/hent, and failed thence to , a Dutch Island,

esteemed a Week Sail from; where they

were supplied with Provisions by the Dutch, and then went to Madagascar: And further said, that there were a great many Pirates in the said Island, most of which were Engtt/o.

Captain Richard Jennings, born at Bermudos, and Commander of the Charles Gaily, Burthen of about 130 Ton, and lately taken into France, said, about six Years ago he went on a Voyage to the Bay of Campeachy, and in his Return was taken by one Captain Commander of a Pirate Sloop in the West Indies; who also, about five Weeks afterwards, took one Captain

Samuel Saltar/h,of Bunnudos, and seven other Sail, who came from the aforesaid Bay, laden with Logwood: Captain Ferdinando, liking Captain s Vessel

better than his own, exchanged with him, and soon after fitted the said Sloop foi his Purpose, to proceed to Madaga/car; and the said Captain, being uneasy, for fear of Men of War in the West Indies, was daily encouraging his Men logo to Madaga/car, where he knew of great

Number of Pirates were.

Toe said Captain Jennings further testified, that, about six Months before this present War, he was again taken between High Spaniola and Cuba, coming from the Island of Bermudas, bound on discovery among the Mu/ceto

Indians, by a Pirate Ship of 26 Guns, and 160 Men, his Sloop being about 40 Tons: No sooner they took him, but they barbareufly used him, and about three Days after they brought him to Examination: They made his Hands fall behind him, and hoisted him up about three Foot from the Deck, and there punished him by two Pirates with Cutlasses, till the Blood run down at his Heels, and hung him there from Eight in the Morning, till Three in the Afternoon: After being taken down, he was carried into his own fShips Cabbin, and there fat, till they had searched for what Money he had t but finding none, they told him, it was the better for him, since he declared, that he had but 12 which he before had given them; for if they had found but the Value of a Five Shilling Piece more, they said, " You " Dog, we would have cut your Head off." Some Days afterwards they hanged twelve Englishmen at the Foreyard Arm, because they would not take Arms on their Side. Captain Jennings was then called upon the Quarter Vo 1. L5.

t)eck, supposing, that he should fere as the rest, being so Piraci«p>

informed by some of the English Pirates, who before knew

him; and was asked by the Captain of the Pirates, what

Countryman he was: Said, a Burmudian: Upon which

the Captain told him, that he had heard of his Charac1

ter, and Behaviour to his Sailors under his Command,

and for that Reason his Life was spared; and therefore

bid him thank the Company: Which he did, and made

them a low Bow. The Pirates being at Anchor at Fri/k

Bay, fitted their Ships for Madaga/car; the most Part

of them being English.

Captain Jennings further said, that knowing otie Cap. tain Lowring, in a Barkalango, about 16 Tons, and 80 Men, was fitted out of Jamaica, privateering; and* instead of cruizing about the said Island, went to Ma-daga/ear; and being some Time there, and willing to have his Men return again, the Natives of the Country* perceiving his Inclinations, murthered them.

He further said, that Mr. Robin of New York,

who had been three Voyages at M, told him* that the last Voyage he made* he returned from thence to New York; where he shipped on board the said Captain Jennings several Bales of Goods, brought from thence: He being bound for the Spanish Coast, the said Alli/on shipped himself as Passenger with him; and told the said Captain Jennings, that there were Eight hundred.

Pirates at Madaga/car, and were extremely rich, and daily praying, that they might be pardoned, and have Liberty to return into their own native Country, being most English; and that, if they could be assured of a free Pardon, they would forthwith leave the Place, and bring their Effects with them.

He further said, that about two or three Years ago the Lark Brigantine was run away with from,

having ten Guns, and eighty Men; and their Design was for Madagascar, he being so informed by one of the Ships . that was not willing to proceed on the Voyage.

Mr. William Funnel/, Mate to Mr. Dampier, said, he was taken at Amboyna the 28th May, 1705, in a small Spauiftt Vessel, called the it. John; where he met with Mr. Robert Pier/on, a Pifttte belonging to Madaga/car: The said Robert Peir/oii^ was taken by the Dutch in a Portugeeze Ship, which was very richly laden, near the Island of Java, and gave this Account: That the Pirates at Madaga/car were between 7 or 800 strong; and that they had a Fort upon the Island of Maria, near Madaga/car; and that they were very rich, and would willingly come to England, if they could get a free Pardon.

Mr. Joseph Duckett feid, that about four or five Years ago, one Captain Brebelt, and some others, adviled with him aboutgetting a Pardon for the Pirates at Madaga/car; on which Occasion he became acquainted with one Peter Dearlove, and afterwards with one Captain Samuel Burgefte: And faith, that the said Dearlove declared to him, that he was Carpenter, or one of the Company, of the Ship Angle/ey, commanded by the said Brebolt, set out to sith for Treasure, loft in a Wreck; and that going to the Island of Fihall, the said Captain, with his Boat's Crew, went on Shore, where they were seized, on suspicion of going a pirating; and the Fort firing upon the Ship's Company, of whom the said

Dearlove was one, flipped their Anchors, and leaving the Captain, and Boat's Crew, onShore, failed for the Coast of Africa, and so to Madaga/car; where they joined

with the Pirates, and was with them a considerabl?

Time; and that the said Dearlove afterwards put him.-self on board one Captain Evans, to serve as a Sailor from Madaga/car to England, and when he came to England, the Captain cauled him to be committed to the

Mar/hel/ea Prison, where be lay above a Year, and wa? afterwards bailed out: And then declared to this la-formant, that the Pirates at Madaga/car lent him oyer, to try, if a Pardon could be obtained for them; and that he had very often heard them declare, that they

would

Piracies.

Ne\? found-land Trade.

384 V Aprili . 1707.

would willingly cotpe home, if they might do it with Safety to their Persons, and Effects; and that there were at leall a Thousand of them upon, or belonging to, the said Island, and the greatest Part of them Englishmen: and that they were worth three or four Millions of Money, in Gold, Silver, and precious Stones: And he further laid, that he had heard the said Captain Burgess speak much to the same Effect, as to their Numbers, and their Williogness to return home with Safety, but not so largely as to their ltiches; he believing, they might be worth a Million, or two; and that the treacherous Usage several of them had met withal, that were willing to submit, upon having their Pardons, had deterred the rest from fodoing, without good Satisfaction for their Safety: And further declared, that, when the said Captain Burgess, and divers others, were coming to surrender, upon a Proclamation of Pardon, they were seized by a Captain of the East India Company, and kept bound

upon the Deck in the open Air, Day and Night, till most of them died; and that the said Captain, who seized them, took from them, of their Effects, to the Value of £. 20,000 and never returned any Part of it to them, or ever brought in but £. 200 thereof to the Use of the Government.

Mr. Glover said, he was concerned in the Ship An-

glefey, commanded by Captain Breholt; and that three of the Ship's Crew, who left Madagajcar about a 12 Months since, and have been in England about four Months, told this Informant, that the Pirates at Madagajcar were looked upon to be worth several Millions of Money, and EffeCls; and that they were at leaftaThou-sand strong, and very desirous of coming over, if they could obtain their Pardons.

John Earl of Southerland was pleased to inform the Committee, that about a Year and an half ago, at burgh, Captain Breholt told his Lordship, that his Mate and Ship's Crew cut the Cable of his Ship, and run away with her to Madagajcar, leaving him behind on Shore: That afterwards several of his said Men applied to him, to procure their Pardons, they being desirous to return into England; and informed the said Breholt, that the PiraUs at Madagajcar were a Thousand strong, and worth three Millions of Money.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a great Number of Pirates have settled themselves in the Island of Madagajcar, from whence they have committed many great Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, very ruinous to the Trade, and whereby the Lives of many of her Majesty's good Subjects have been destroyed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she would be graciously pleased to take into her royal Consideration, how the said Piracies may be suppressed, and their further Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, may be effectually prevented.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to take into her royal Consideration, how the Pirates at Madagajcar may be suppressed, and their further Piracies, Robberies, and Depredations, may be effectually prevented.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to use her royal Endeavours to recover, and preserve, the ancient Possessions, Trade, and Fishery, in

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

*7

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from bringing, or laying, great Quantities of Gunpowder within three quarters of a Mile of London Bridge, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took the said Amendments into Consideration; which, being read, are as follow:

1 Skin, 18 L. For" Aprilread " May."

22 L. After " or" read " other Land."

31 L. For" One hundred" read "Twenty." 33 L. For 'April" read" May."

2 Skin, 1 L. Instead of " three quarters of " read " half."

5 L. For " One hundred" read " Twenty." 16 L. For " One hundred " read" Twenty." 36 L. For " April" read " May."

38 L. For "Two" read " Ten."

39 L. Leave out from " Time" to " under," in the 41 Li.

In the Title, 3 L. for " three quarters oP' read "half."

The first and Second Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The third Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 4th and 5th Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 6th Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It paded in the Negative.

The 7th Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 8th Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 9th Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question beingput, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 10th and nth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Realbns, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments;

And it is referred to Sir William AshurJi, the Lord Conningshy, Mr. MonElon, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Holland, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Aijlaby, the Lord Wm.Powlet, Mr. Cholmondly, Mr. Farrcr, Mr. Bere, Mr. Cox, Sir Gilbert Heathcotte, Mr. Comptroll r: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Eale of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon the Exportation of the like from Scotland, without any Amendment:

Also>

Danger fro* Gunpowder in London.

Duties cm Salt, See.

3»5

6 Ann.

8" — 14° jiprilis.

Punishing

Vagrants.

Supply Bill; continuing several fnb-lidies.

Col. Uict obliged to account.

Alio, the Lords do not insist upon their Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual, to which this House hath disagreed:

Also the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making Provisions, therein mentioned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; and for ascertaining the Wine Measure; without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures, granted to him in the last Session of Parliament, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A MetTage from her Majesty, by Mr. Deputy Roy.1 Afleni Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to B

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty; where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to several publick and private Bills. /

After which, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, by Parliament her Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament prorogued, until Monday the Fourteenth Day of April instant.

Mtffage to

attend the Queen.

Luna, 14® die Apr tits;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, Annoque Domini, 1707. Praters.

A MESSAGE from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty:

And being returned

A Bill to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from Gunpowder bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London and in London. Southwark, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been Speech"*11 to ma^e a m°ft gracious Speech to both Houses

reported.

of Parliament; which he had obtained a Copy of; and read; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I was willing to give you an opportunity of coming together again, to consider, if any thing can properly be done, to prevent the Inconveniences, that may happen to our Trade by too great an Interval between the riling of the Parliament and the first of May; and I need not add, that whatever is to be done of that kind, will require to be dispatched in a little Time.

Grand Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Committee*. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Fburfday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Commttee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committ*. of Privileges.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed, of Mr. Compton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Coatesworth, Lord Powlet, Mr.

Clerk, Mr. Morley, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Trotman, Marquis of Heetington, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Lownds, Mr. Nicholas: And they are to meet this Day leven-night, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and fit every , Friday,

and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to Vol. 15.

proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to he Persons petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured lo to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter, or hinder, any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Mifde-. meanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Election of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from time to time take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

5 E Resolved,

Usual

Order*.

Aprilii. 1707.

Usual Order*. Resolved, That this Hoofo will not proceed upon any Petition, Motion, or Bill, for granting any Money, or for releasing, dr compounding for, any Sum of Money, owing to the Crown, but in a Committee of the whole House; and that the same be declared to be a {landing Order Of the House.

Resolved, That, when any Person, ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, shall either abscond from Justice, or, having been in Custody,- shall refuse to pay the just Fees; that in either of those Cafes, the Order for Commitment shall be renewed the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament; and that this be declared116 be a Handing Order of the House.

Votes to be Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, printed. being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and- that no other PeFfon presume to print the fame.

Persons ab- The Serjeant at Arms being called upon by the House, fconding from to give an Account of what had been done in relation to Custody last the Persons, who were the last Session ordered to be on' taken into his Custody;

He informed the House, that Arthur Thomas

Ford, Christopher Coke, Samuel , James Wilson, William Sherwyn, and William Smith, who were ordered into his Custody, could not'be taken, or absconded; and that Colonel John , who had lur-rendered himself, and was in Custody Thirty Days, would only pay Part of his due Fees.

Ordered, That Arthur who was the last Session

ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Contempt, in not attending the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company was referred (although duly summoned for that Purpol'e) to be examined touching the Matter, directed to be enquired into, and could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for the said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Thomas Ford, who was the last Session ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Breach of Privilege of this House, in causing John Higgins, a Servant to Wyrriott Owen, Esquire (a Member of this House) to be arrested at the Suit of the said Thomas Ford, and others, and could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Ckrijlopher Coke, who was the last Session ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in causing John Higgins, a Servant to Wyrriott Owen, Esquire (a Member of this House) to be arrested at the Suit of the said Coke, and others, and

could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Joseph Twycross, who was the last Session ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in arresting John Higgins, a Servant to Wyrriott Owen, Esquire (a Member of this House) at the Suit of Thomas Ford, and others, and could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for his laid Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Samnel Thomas, who was the last Session ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in arresting John Higgins; a Servant to Wyrriott,

Esquire (a Member of this House) and could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That James , who was the last Session of Parliament ordered to be taken into the Custody of the 24

Seijeahtat Arms for his Breach of the Privileges of this House, in arresting John Higgins, Servant to Wyrriott Owen, Esquitfe (a Member of this House) and could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at-Arms attending this House.

Ordered That Colonel John Rice, who was the last Session taken- into the- Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for that, upon the Examination of the Matter upon the Petition of Captain Morgan Obr'tan, at the Bar, it appeared, that the said Colonel John Rice did by false suggestions obtain an Act, for making out Debentures to him for the Sum of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six-pence, and having not paid his just Fees, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That William Sherwin, who was the last Session ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in causing Declarations in Ejectment to be delivered to John Grove, and Elizabeth Hawkins, and others, Tenants of George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this House) during the Time of Privilege of Parliament, and could not be taken, but absconded from Justice, be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That William Smith, an Attorney at Law, who was the Taft Session ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in delivering the said Declarations in Ejectment, and could not be taken, but* absconded from Justice, be, for his said Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of the subscribed Merchants, on behalf of Fraudulent themselves, and many others, concerned in the Importation of Wines and Ilrandy from Spain, Portugal, and ja‘n(k Italy, and of other Goods from Holland, was presented

to the House, and read; complaining, that (as the Petitioners are credibly informed) great Quantities of French Wines, Brandies, Silks, Prunes, Rosin, (Ac. of the Growth and Product of France, Whalebone, Linen, Drugs,

Coffee, Spices, (Ac. from Holland, and from France directly, are brought, and more intended to be imported into the Kingdom of Scotland, in order to be brought thence, and imported into this Kingdom of England after the first Day of May, to avoid the English Duties, to the great Detriment and Loss of some, and the utter Ruin of other, the Petitioners, who have imported, and are importing, into England, the like Commodities from Spain, Portugal, Italy and Holland, paying the high Duties upon them; which Commodities have been chiefly purchased Abroad "with the Woollen Manu-fastures, Corn, and other Products, of England: And praying, that the House will prevent the Importation of the said Goods and Merchandizes, the importation whereof, without being made subject to the English Duties, will be a great Damage, nut only to the Petitioners, but to her Majesty's Revenues ot her Customs, or otherwise to provide for the Petitioners Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until her Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses shall be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, The Queen's take into Consideration her Majesty's gracious Speech to Speech to be both Houses of Pari iamen t. co

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4

Danger from Gunpowder London.

Fanoll's Debt to the Crown*

The Queen's

Speech

confide red.

Fraudulent Commerce with Scotland.

6 Ann. 15* — 1 6° Ap387

Mart is, 150 die Apr tits.\

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

A BILL to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from bringing of great Quantities of Gunpowder into London and Southwark, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Fran. Child, Sir Ja. Mountague, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Coatesworth, Sir John Cope, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Cox, Mr. Choldmonley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Musgrave, Sir B. Gracedieu, Mr. footman, Mr. Topham, Sir IVm. Hufller, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Kendall, Sir Fra. Sir Tho. Travell,

Mr. Wallis; and all the Merchants: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of William Farnolls, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was Collector of her Majesty's Customs in the Port of Sandwich, from the Year 1700 to the Year 1705; during which Time the many Losses he sustained hath reduced him to extreme Want, and yet is indebted to her Majesty in about £. 1,100, yet, by the Assistance of Friends, hopes to raile (omewhat towards Payment of the said Debt: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner, and his Securities.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

Ordered, That her Majesty's said Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the subscribed Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Importation of Wines and Brandy from Spain, Portugal, and Italy, and of other Goods from Holland, 13c. be referred to the said Committee of the whole I louse.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had considered of her Majesty's Speech, and also of the said Petition of the subscribed Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Importation of Wines and Brandy from Spain, Portugal, and Italy, and of other Goods from Holland, (3c. and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received immediately. Mr. Conyers accordingly reported from the said Committee, the said Resolutions: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where they were read, and are as follow:

Resolved, That it is t he Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth and Produce of Francand other foreign Parts, into Scotland, in order to be brought from thence into England after the first of May, and with Intention to Vol. 15.

avoid the Payment of the English Duties, will be to the Damage and Ruin of the fair Traders, to the Prejudice of the Manufactures of England, a great Lpfs to her Majesty's Revenues of the Customs, and a very great Detriment to the Publick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the exporting of Goods and Merchandizes from. England into Scotland, that are intit led to a Drawback, with Intention to bring the same back again into England after the first of May, is a most notorious Fraud, to the Damage and Ruin of the fair Traders, to the great Loss of her Majesty's Revenues of the Customs, and a very great Detriment to the Publick.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Importation of Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth and Produce of France, and other foreign Parts, into Scotland, in order to be brought from thence into England after the first of May, and with intention to avoid the Payment of the English Duties, will be to the Damage and Ruin of the fair Traders, to the Prejudice of the Manufactures of England, a great Loss to her Majesty's Revenues of the Customs, and a very great Detriment to the Publick.

The second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the exporting of Goods and Merchandizes from England into Scotland, that are entitled to a Drawback, with Intention to bring the same back again into England after the first of May, is a most notorious Fraud, to the Damage and Ruin of the fair Traders, to the great Loss of her Majesty's Revenues of the Customs, and a very great Detriment to the Publick.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Secretary Harley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir James Mountague, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Cowper, and Mr. Etterick, do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, that they bring in a Clause, for the better securing the Duties upon India Good s.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 16® die;

Anno 6* Annae Regime, 1706.

Prayers.

SI R Wm. Ashubft reported from the Committee, to Danger from whom the Bill to prevent the Dangers, which may Gunpowder arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London. London and Southwark, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and (with Amendments to some of the said Amendments) upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Bill shall not extend to restrain the laying a certain Quantity of Gunpowder in any Inn, for a certain Time, to befent into the Country.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up. '

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That nothing in the Bill should hinder the carrying of Powder, by Land or Water, for her Majesty's Ule.

And

388 i — 17° — 180 —

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fraudulent Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Commerce House, a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of a fraudulent with Scot- Practice in obtaining Drawbacks for Goods carried from *and* England to Scotland, in order to be brought back again,

and in carrying Goods from foreign Parts into Scotland, in order to be brought into England, without paying the English Duties, and for better securing the Duties of Goods, brought from the Indies; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

Laws re- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for lating to Explanation of a former Act, relating to Bankrupts; to Bankrupts. which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Farroll's The Order of the Day was read, for relblving into a D«bt to the Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Crown. Petition of William Farrolls, Gentleman.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

yovis 17* Aprilis j

Anno 6* Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Praters.

Woollen, tic. /ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Manufac- for continuing an Act, made in the first Year of her ture8‘ Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and that Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Danger from An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Dangers, which may inlLondoi»r arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London and Southwark, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London and Southwark.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

190 Aprilis. 1707.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

ABILL for continuing an Act, made in the first Woollen, *c.

Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Mannfac-preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in tures* the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Amejley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Molesworth, Mr.

Shackerley, Mr. Graham, Sir Nich. Morris, Sir Henry Bellajis, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Langhorn, Earl of Hertford,

Mr. Foley, Sir Jo. Cope, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Mon5lon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ashe,

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Cox, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Herne, Mr. Johnson, Earl of Dyfert,

Mr. Stapleton, Mr. Bulteel: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Fraudulent Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of a fraudulent Practice in cot* obtaining Drawbacks for Goods carried from England to Scotland, in order to be brought back again, and in carrying Goods from foreign Parts into Scotland, in order to be brought into England, without paying the English Duties, and for better securing the Duties of Goods, brought from the East Indies, was committed; the Amendments which they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Woollen, &c. Mr. Shuttleworth (according to Order) presented to Manufac- the House, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the tures. first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual

preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fraudulent A Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of a fraudulent Practice

Commerce jn obtaining Drawbacks for Goods carried from England land. Ct* to Scotland, in order to be brought back again, and in carrying Goods from foreign Parts into Scotland, in order to be brought into England, without paying the English Duties, and for better securing the Duties of Goods, brought from the East Indies, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 190 die Aprilis \

Anno 6° Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, Woollen, &c.

to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made Manufac-in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more tures> effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian,

Cotton, andiron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were

once

Fraudulent Commerce with Scotland.

6 Ann. 190 — ii° — 230 — 24 389

once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That this Act shall not extend to suffer any Person to travel with, or fell, any Goods, without Licence to any Shopkeepers, other than such Persons, who are the real Makers of such Goods.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Mischiefs of a fraudulent Practice in obtaining Drawbacks for Goods carried from England to Scotlandin order to be brought back again, and in carrying Goods from foreign Parts into Scotland, in order to be brought into

without paying the EngliJ/iDuties, and for better securing

the English Duties of Goods, brought from the East Indies, was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 11. To leave out "the," and insert " some *' and to leave out " London," and insert " Britain

L. a 1, To leave out " the said," and insert " some."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put hereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 5. L. After " Seven" to insert " or which " were payable, upon the Importation of the like Goods and Merchandize into Enbefore and at the Time of making any Act or Acts of Parliament in " England, for prohibiting the Importation thereof."

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^; } 58.

Tellers for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Year} 53-

Tellers for the } *4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative ' And, that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs of a fraudulent Practice of obtaining Drawbacks for Goods carried from England to Scotland, in order to be brought back again, and in carrying Goods, by EngHJhmen, or Foreigners, from foreign Parts into Scotland, in order to be brought into England, without paying the English Duties, and for the better securing the Duties of Goods, brought from the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 2i° d;

Anno 6° Annas Reginae, 1707.

Pr a V er s.

T H E House being met;

The House adjourned till PVedneJday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Anna; Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Freemen of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves and others. Freemen of the said City, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth, that at the last Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the said City, many illegal Practices were made use of by the Mayor, to return Sir Orlando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins: And praying the House to take the same into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examinerthe Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,24.0 die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Anna: Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

r\RD ERED, That the Papers, laid before the House upon the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Papers, relating to'Burglars, and other Criminals (delivered in by Mr. Joseph Billers to the said Committee) be delivered to the said Mr. Billers by the Clerk, he giving a Receipt for the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Dangers, which may arise from bringing great Quantities of Gunpowder into London and Southwark, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the fame, being read, are as follow; viz.

In the Title, leave out from " Gunpowder" to the End, and read " and laying the same on Wharfs, and " Warehouses, near London Bridge."

Skin 1. L. 1. Leave out from " Quantities" to of," in the 6 L.

19 L. Leave out from " same " to " that," in the 36 L. and in the same L. leave out " said."

37 L. After " Ma" insert " 1707,"

2 Skin, i L. After " Warehouse " insert " ad- joining to any Wharf or Key, or any."

4 L. After " Vessel " insert " unless in " case of evident Necessity."

10 L. After " any " insert " such "

20 L. Leave out " all."

30 L. Leave out from same " to " pro-c vided," in the 5th L. of the 3d Pr.

3 Skin, L. 6. Leave out " also."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be read a Second time;

5 F The

Vo 1. 15.

House tne€ and adjourned.

Coventry

Election.

Papers to ba delivered to Billers.

Dangers from Gunpowder in London*

Danger from Gunpowder in London.

390

4° Aprilis.

A. 1707.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, ^Ur^Afi j

m c, XT f Mr. Solicitor General, 7.

Tellers for the No«,jMr MmUy . 'f 3+

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The first Amendment was read a Second time.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed.

The 2d Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The 3d Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Y eas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, (s'ry^ Jefry,. } 4»-

Teller, for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The 4th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 5th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 6th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 7th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 8th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Qffeftion being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 9th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The 10th Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Consideration of the first: Amendment, which was postponed, being resumed;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Realons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Jeff.

Jcffrys, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Connings by, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Pozulelt, Mr.

Mr. Manwaring, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. and all

the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber immediately.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Ajion, Deputy jje(1-a(,c w Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: attend the

Mr. Speaker, Queen.

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House went up, to attend her Majesty; where her Majesty was picafed to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses,

And afterwards the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Parliament by her Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament ProroSue, J* until Wednesday, the thirtieth Day of April instant.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Vol. 15.

ji

i;

ti

Proclamation continuing the Pari 1a-ment as the first of the Union.

Proclamations for meeting of Parliament.

[f/] By the QUEEN: A Proclamation,

Containing her Majesty s Declaration, that it is expedient, that the Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of England, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England.

A N N E, R.

H ERE AS by the Two-and-twentieth Article of the Treaty of Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, as the same have been ratified and confirmed by two Acis of Parliament, the one passed in the Parliament of England, the other in the Parliament of Scotland, it is agreed, that, if we, on or before the first day of May next, on which Day the Union is to take Place, mould declare, under the great Seal of England, that it is expedient, that the Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of End a ml, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England, then the said Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of die prelient Parliament of England, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England; and that the Time and Place of the Meeting of the first Parliament of Great Britain being appointed by us, by our royal Proclamation, under the great Seal of Great Britain,' the Lords of Parliament of England, and the Sixteen Peers of Scotland, who are, by virtue of the Articles of Union, to fit and vjrte in the House of Lords, and the Members-of the lfoule of Commons of the said Parliament of England, and the Five-and-forty Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain, should assemble and meet respectively in the respective Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain at such Time and Place, as should he lb appointed by us, and should be the two Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain: And we, having taken into our royal Consideration the present Circumstances of Affairs, do judge it to be for the Good of our Kingdoms, that the Lords of Parliament of England, and the Commons of the present Parliament of England, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England; and we do, pursuant to the said Articles of Union, hereby declare, under our great Seal of England, that it is expedient, that the Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of England, which now Hands prorogued to the Thirtieth Day of this instant April, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England; and the Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of England, are accordingly to be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Nine-and-twentieth Day of April, Anno Dom. 1707, in the Sixth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

a

By the QUEEN: A Proclamation,

Declaring her Majesty's Pleasure for holding the first Parliament of Great Britain, and appointing the Time and Place of meeting thereof.

A N N E, R.

'!A/rHEREAS, in pursuance of the Two-and-twentieth Article of the Treaty of Union, as the same hath been ratified and confirmed by two Acts of Parliament, the one

{►ailed in the Parliament of England, and the other in the ^liament of Scotland, we, for many weighty Reasons, have thought fit to declare by our royal Proclamation, issued under our great Seal of England, on the Twenty-ninth Day of April last, that it was expedient, that the Loras of Parliament of England, and Commons of the Parliament of England, which then ltood prorogued to the Thirtieth Day of April aforesaid, should be Members of die respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England: And whereas, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, for settling the Manner of electing the Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Members, to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain (which Ad is by the Two-and-twentieth Article aforesaid declared to be as valid, as if the same had been part of, and ingrossed in, the said Treaty) Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, have been chol'en to be the Members of the respective Houses of the said first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on die Paxt of Scotland: We do by this our royal Proclamation, under the great Seal of Great Britain, with the Advice

[a] At the Beginning of this Journal are inserted th§ three follow* printed Proclamation*.

of our Privy Council, declare and publish our Will and Pleasure to be, and do hereby appoint, that our first Parliament of Great Britain shall meet, and be holden, at our City of Well-minder, on Thursday, the Twenty-third Day of October next; whereof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of our said first Parliament of Great Britain, and all others, whom it may concern, are hereby required to take Notice.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the fifth Day of June, 1707, in the Sixth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

_ . By. the QUEEN: A Proclamation,

Requiring the Attendance of the Members of both House* of Parliament.

A N V E, R.

WHEREAS by our royal Proclamation, bearing date the fifth Day of June last, we thought fit to declare and appoint, that our first Parliament of Great Britain should meet, and he holden, at our City of Westminster, on Thursday, the Twenty-third Day of October next; we do hereby, with the Advice of our Privy Council, declare and publish our Will and Pleasure to be, that our laid Parliament shall on the said Twenty-third Day of October be held, and lit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Alfairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefl'es, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House: of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to ;ive their Attendance accordingly at Westminster, on the said Venty-third Day of October next.

Given at our Court at Windsor, the eighth Day of September, 1707, in the Sixth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Quern.

Jyff IL L IA M Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward of her Lord Majesty's Houshold, and one of her Majesty's most ho- Steward'* nourable Privy Council, To all, to whom these Present*. shall Deputation, come, Greeting. Know ye, that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Henry Boyle,

Esquire, the Right honourable John Smith, Esquire, Spencer Compton, Esquire, Robert Walpole, Esquire, Sir Thomas Han-more, Baronet, Arthur Annejley, Esquire, William Bromley,

Esquire, Sir Joseph Jekell, Sir Thomas Manfelt, Baronet,

John Cockburne, junior, of Ormjlown, Esquire, Wm. Morifon, of Preston Grange, Esquire, Wm. Seaton, junior, of Pitmedan,

Esquire, Alexander Gvaunt, junior, of Graunl, Esquire, Sir Patrick Jonjlonn, Hugh Mountgomery, Esquire, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Baronet, John Pulteney, Esquire, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Baronet, the Lord H itHam Paulet, Ric/uird Topham,

Esquire, Sir Fr. Masham, Baronet, Sir Rob. Eden, Baronet,

Sir Wm. Forrejier, Knight, Rob. Moncton, Fr. Montgomery,

Sir Peter Ilacket, Thu. King, Geo. Baljh, Jo. Borlace, Elqui* es,

Ja. Vernon, Reynolds Cat thorp, Edm. Mayn, Esquires, Sir Jo. Cotton, Math. Aylmer, Edward A/h, Peter King, Esquire, and Jo. Chambers, or any fix, five, four, three, twro, or one, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead to tender and administer the Oaths, mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing, and preventing, all Questions, and Disputes, con-u cerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person, which is, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen,

Burgess, or Baron of any the five Ports, for the Parliament, summoned to begin, and to be holden, the Three-and-twentieth Day of October instant, and to take and receive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any of the said five Ports, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; iving them fix, five, four, three, two, and one, of them, full ower and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my laid Deputies or Deputy, any fix, five, four, three, two, or one, of them, shall do and perforin in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full, manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame: In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal.

Given tins Three-and-twentieth Day of October, in the sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Prance, and Ireland,

Queen, Defender of the Faith, fyc. Anno Domini 1707.

Devonshire. ()

t

Meeting of Parliament*

Message to attend the Queen.

Mr. Smith

chol'en

Speaker.

6 Ann. 13° — 30° OElobris. — 393

Parliamentum incept, et tent, apud civi-tatem Westm. die Jovis, 23* O&obr. anno regni Dominae Annae, Die gratia, Magnae Britannia, Franciae, ct Hiberniae, Reginae, fidei defenforis, &c. sexto, annoque Domini 1707.

HE It Majesty having by her royal Declaration and Proclamations (hereunto annexed) declared, appointed, and culled, her first Parliament of Great Britain, to meet on this Day, the most noble Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward of her Majesty's Houshold, came about Eleven a Clock into the Rooms belonging to the Cletk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place to administer the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members, returned to serve in Parliament; and George Wright, Esquire, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having before delivered to Paul JodreH, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, a Book of the Return of the Names of the Knights, Citizens, Burgefi'es, and Barons, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the said Parliament; and the said Mr. Jodrell, and Mr. Needier, his Clerk Assistant, and other his Clerks, attending, according to the Duty of their Places; the Lord Steward administered the Oaths appointed to several of the Members appearing, and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) to several Members, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; who administered the feme accordingly to so many, as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons: After which,

A M ffage was brought from the Queen by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly the House went up, to attend her Majesty; who was pleased (by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain) to command the Commons to return to their House and chuse their Speaker.

And the House being returned;

The honourable Langham , Esquire, took notice, that her Majesty had, by the Lord Chancellor, directed them to chuse a Speaker; and therefore he hoped, he should propose one, that every body would agree with him in; one, that they had the Experience of the last Session; and that he need say no more in his Commendation, for that it was fresh in every one's Memory, how impartially all things were then carried on: And desired, that the Right honourable John Smith, Esquire, might be called to the Chair.

And being seconded by Mountgomery, Esquire; who added, that Mr. Smith had contributed much to the advancing of the Union of both Kingdoms, which, he hoped, would be to their Advantage; and therefore he seconded the Motion, That Mr. Smith might take the Chair, as Speaker:

And Mr. Smith being generally called upon j he, in his Place, humbly thanked the Gentlemen, that had proposed him; but, in regard he had had the Honour of serving the House once already, and that there were a great many Gentlemen in the House, more fit than himself, desired, that he might beexcufed, and that they would make Choice of some other Gentleman.

But the House unanimously calling upon him to take the Chair, he was conducted by Mr. Booth and Mr. Mountgomery up to the Chair; and, being upon the first Step thereof, desired again, that the House would please to re-consider their Choice, and the ill Consequences of that Place being not better supplied; and to excuse him, and think upon chusing some other.

Vot,. 15.

But they crying, " No, No!" Mr. Smith fat down in the Chair; and the Mace (which before lay tinder the Clerk's Table) was by the Serjeant at Arms, attending the House, laid upon the Table.

To which some Gentlemen took Exceptions; alleging, The Mace the Mace ought not to be put upon the Table, until laid on the the Speaker was approved of by her Majesty. Table.

Whereupon the Journal for the Year 1661, was called for; and what related to that Matter was read: And also the Journal for the Year 1694, was produced; wherein is entered what passed on the Election of Paul Foley, Esquire, Speaker, and also a Report from a Committee then appointed to draw up the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Election of a Speaker.

Whereupon the Mace remained upon the Table.

And the House being informed, that her Majesty had been pleased (by the Lord Chancellor) to appoint, that they should present their Speaker upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven a Clock j

The House adjourned till Morning

next, Ten a Clock.

Jovis, 30° die;

Anno 6° Anna; Reginae, 1707.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from her Majesty by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker eleift, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to approve of their Choice of him for their Speaker; and had confirmed to them all their ancient Rights and Privileges, as fully, as any of their Predecessors ever enjoyed them: And then he made a gratulatory Speech to the House, for the Honour they had done him; desiring their Assistance in the Discharge of his Service to them.

And afterwards Mr. Speaker, first alone, (landing on the Steps of the Chair, took the Oaths, and repeated, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And, after him, several Members did the like, proceeding according to the Return Book.

Mr. Speaker taking Notice to the House, that her Majesty had (by the Lord Chancellor) signified, that it was her royal Will and Pleasure, that the House adjourn until this Day Seven-night;

The House accordingly adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Ten a Clock.

Message to attend the Queen.

Mr. Speaker approved by the Queen.

Mr. Speaker takes Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Adjourn-

ment.

Jovist 6° die Novembris;

Anno 6b Annae Reginae, 1707.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from her Majesty by Message to Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Several other Members present took the Oaths, and Members repeated, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and take Oaths, subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

5G

394. 7-8°

Veneris^ 7° Novembris;

Anno 6° Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

Members QEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and take Oaths. kJ made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 8°;

Anno 6* Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

Members QEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and take Oaths. O made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 1 o° die Novembris;

Anno 6* Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

Members QEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and take Oaths. O made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Payment of A Bill for the better setting out, and Payment, of Tythe*. Tythes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Queen's Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty was pleased Speech on Thursday last to make a most gracious Speech to both

reported. Houses of Parliament; and, in regard of the Length of

it, and the Noise, when it was spoke, and for the better help of his Memory, he had procured a Copy thereof; which he read to the House, and is as follows;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

IT is with all humble Thankfulness to Almighty God, and with intire Satisfaction to myself, that I meet you here in this first Parliament of Great Britain; not doubting, but you come with Hearts prepared, as mine is, to make this Union so prosperous, as may answer the well grounded Hopes of all my good Subjects, and the reasonable Apprehensions of our Enemies.

To this End nothing is so immediately material, as to convince, as soon as is possible, both our Friends, and our Enemies, that the uniting our Interests has not only improved our Abilities, but our Resolutions also, to prosecute this just and necessary War, till we obtain a safe and honourable Peace for ourselves, and for our Allies.

In so great and extensive a War, as this is, many things may be usefully undertaken, which are not fit to be communicated before-hand. The attempt upon Toulon was of this Nature; and, though it had not wholly its desired Effect, has nevertheless been attended with many great and obvious Advantages to the common x Cause in this Year, and has made our Way more easy, I

hope, to greater in the next.

As the French have gained Ground upon us in Spain, lo they have been wholly driven out of Italy; by which it is become more easy for all the Allies to join their Assistance next Year, for enabling the King of Spain to recover his Affairs in that Kingdom, and to reduce the whole Spanish Monarchy to his Obedience.

The Weakness and ill Posture of Affairs upon the Rhine, in the Beginning of the Year, has given an

t o° Novembris. A. 1707.

Opportunity to the French to make themselves stronger in all other Parts; but this Defect seems in a very promising Way of being fully remedied, against next Campaign, by the Conduct and Authority of the Elector of Hanover, whose seasonable Acceptance of that Command has strengthened, and obliged, the whole Confederacy.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons.

The just Application of the Supplies, given me by former Parliaments, the plain Necessity of continuing this War, the reasonable Prospect of putting a good End to it, if we be not wanting to ourselves, and the Honour of the first Parliament of Great Britain, are, I make no doubt, sufficient Arguments to incite you to provide the necessary Supplies, which I am obliged to desire of you, for the ensuing Campaign in all Parts, and particularly for the timely Support of the King of Spain, and the making good our Treaty with Portugal, as also for strengthening the Confederate Army under the Command of the Duke of Savoy; all which Services I don't doubt but you will think so necessary, that they ought not to be neglected, even though they should require an Augmentation.

The Sums, already expended in this War, have been very great; and they are sufficient Proofs, how well (a-tisfied my Subjects have always been with the Ends of my Government, of which I am so sensible, as never to ask any Supplies from them, but what are absolutely necessary for the Preservation of their Religion and Liberty; and I look upon it as my great Happiness, that I have not the lead Interest separate from that of all my good Subjects.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In a Work so great, and new in its Kind, as that of the Union, it is impossible, but that some Doubts and Difficulties mull have arisen; which, however, I hope, are so far overcome, as to have defeated the Designs of those, who would have made use of that Handle to foment Disturbances.

There are several Matters expressly made liable, by the Articles of the Union, to the Consideration of the Parliament of Great Britain; which, together with such others, as may reasonably produce those Advantages, that, with due Care, must certainly arise from that Treaty, I earnestly recommend to your serious Consideration.

On my Part, nothing shall be wanting to procure to my People all the Blessings, which can follow from this happy Circumstance of my Reign, and to extinguish, by all proper Means, the least Occasions of Jealously, that either the civil, or religious, Rights of any Part of this my United Kingdom can suffer by the Consequences of this Union.

Such a Suggestion shall never in my Time have any Foundation, how restless soever our Enemies may be in their Endeavours, and Artifices, to disturb our Peace and Happiness: Those great and valuable Blessings cannot but be always secure to us, if we heartily endeavour to confirm, and improve, our present Union. I hope therefore, you will suffer nothing to prevail with you to disunite among yourselves, or abate your Zeal in opposing the common Enemy.

Resolved, Nemitie contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House for her Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; and to allure her Majesty, that the Commons of Great Britain will effectually enable her to carry on the War with Vigour, and do all, that in them lies, to improve the mutual Advantages of the happy Union.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House;

And it is referred to "Mr.Boyle, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Fran. Ma-sham, Mr. King, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Amir. Hume, Mr. Morrison, Sir Walter Tonge, Sir Orlando

15 man,

Address on the Queens Speech.

6 ANN;

iO° Novembris.

mart, Earl of Hertford, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Vice-

chamberlain, Sir Wm. Mr. St. John, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Palmes, Mr. , Mr. Cefar, Lord

Powlett, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Jof. Sir Hum.

Mackworth, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Bayley, Sir John Erfkin, Mr. Wroth, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Ogilvey, Mr. Moore, Mr. Secretary Harley, Mr. Serjeant Byrch, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Ward, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Herne, Mr. Halden, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. Erjkin, Mr. Campbell, Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Brydges, Sir Henry Dutton Colt: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Speech re- Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to ferred. the said Committee.

Grand Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Committees. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections «fPrivileges, be appointed, of Mr. Compton, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Skippou, Mr. Lownd Lord Powlett, Mr. Wal-

pole, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr.

Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Duckett, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Tho Burnet, Mr. Mountague, Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Scott, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Manley, Mr. He\sham, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Jo. Johnson, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Allerdice, Mr. Pawlet, Mr. Owen, Mr. Cockburn, Sir Fran. Jkam, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Mr. Peyton, Mr. Ber-

tie, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Naylor, Sir John Erjkin, Sir John Holland, Sir Ker, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Mountgomery, Mr. Newport, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Monson, Mr. Bromley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Moyle, Mr. , Sir Williams, Mr. Ward, Sir Patrick Johnson, Mr. Shack-erley, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Ben-net, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Edgcombe, Sir John Hawles, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Robarts, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Walter, Sir 'The. Hanmer, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Halden: And they are to meet upon this Day Seven-night, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the After* noon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from Time to Time: And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in fourteen Days next, and so within fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Per-lons. Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolvedt That; where the! House shall judge any Pe- Usual tition, touching Elections, to be frivolous, and vexatious, order* the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House; or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given so this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath given false Evidence in any same befote the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be infformed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to London Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the room of Sir Robert Clayton, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lefkeard the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lefkeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Dodson, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Leicester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, eleding a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leiceftin the room of the honourable John Ferney, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to york writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding two Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Marquis of Hartington, now Duke of Devonshire, called up to the House of Peers, and of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, now a Peer of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Suffolk Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Lionell Earl of now a Peer

of Great Britain*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to st-Mawes the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Joseph Tredenham, Knight, deceased.

Usual Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Ordered, that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ipfwioh

Onltr*. to give his Vote in the Election for any Member, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, serve in Parliament. the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

Vox.. 15. for,

0 Novembris

Cambridge

Writ*

Worcester

WxiL

Agmorxk-sham Writ.

Scarborougl

Writ.

Privilege of a Member.

IO°^ — I i

A. 1707.

for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of in

the room of Henry Foley, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of John Bromley, the elder, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , in the room

of William Bromley, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Cheyne, now a Peer of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of Robert Squire, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter from John Affill, Esquire (a Member of this House) from the Fleet Prison, complaining, that he was detained from attending the Service of this House, by reason of two Judgments, executed upon him, at the Suit of John Holland, Thomas Mathews, and John Wet-ton, and other tnefne Process; and that he desires, the same may be communicated to the House: Which was read to the House, and is as follows; viz.

Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die in diem.

The House being moved, that several Clauses in the Members Ad, of the 4th and 5th Years of her Majesty's Reign, incapacitated intituled, "An Act for the better Security of her Ma- j^Curfty°j,jesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession Q,)cen's " to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line," re- l'erlou. lating to disabling several Officers to fit in Parliament, might be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Resolved, That every Person, who by an Act, of the first Session of the last Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line," isdifabled, from and after the Dissolution, or Determination, of the said Parliament, to fit, or vote, as a Member of the House of Commons, in any Parliament to be thereafter holden, is, by virtue of the said Act, incapable of fitting, or voting, as a Member of the House of Commons, in this present Parliament.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Prizes do lay Ci>mmifl3ya-before this House, a List of the Names of the Commis- erslor rizes* sioners, Sub-commissioners, Secretaries, and Receivers, of the Prizes.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Transports do Commission-lay before this House, a List of the Names of the said 1 ranf'

Commissioners of Transports.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Sick and CommisTW Wounded do lay before this House, a List of the Names "sd v^uLl-of the said Commissioners of the Sick and Wounded. ed.

Fleet Prison, November 7th, 1707.

Sir,

I think it my Duty to make known to the House, that I am detained, from attending their Service, in the Prison of the Fleet, by reason of two Judgments, executed upon me by procurement of John Rice, and Hezekiah Ben/on, his Attorney, the one at the Suit of John Holland, and the other of Thomas Mathews and John Wetton, Trustees for the said Rice, of Lands by him purchased with Debentures, granted him by Parliament, and, as such, since veiled in her Majesty, and of some other mesne Process, from which I had delivered myself by Bail, if not disabled by these Executions.

I am advised, the proper Method of advertising the House is by Letter to yourself; but if, upon communicating of this, they should please to signify their Plea-sure for any other way of Address, my Obedience is ready for their Commands. Sir,

Your most humble Servant, John Afgill.

To the Right honourable John Smith, Esquire,

Speaker of the honourable House of Commons.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and search Precedents, what has been done for Discharge of any Members, imprisoned upon Execution, and mesne Process; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Harley, Mr. lycott. Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert , Mr. Freeman, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. York, Mr. Foley, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Abercromby, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Rowney, Sir Rich. flow, Mr. Peyton, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Kendall, Sir John Erskyn, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Moor, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Ward, Mr. Skippon, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir St. Quintin, Mr. Pulteney; and all the Gentlemen of the

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Wine Li- 'Commission*-cences do lay before this House, a List of the Names of Licences. U<* the said Commissioners for Wine Licences.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay be- y^rnorsL fore this House, a List of the Names of the Governors, and Deputy Governors, of the Plantations.'

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Coitt*

before this House, a List of the Names of the Commis- nu 10Iiers* sioners of the Navy, employed in the Out-ports.

Ordered, That the Paymasters of the Army do lay Army before this House, a List of the Names of the several 8ents* Agents for the several Regiments in her Majesty's Pay.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery Grants of do lay before this House, a List of the Names of all p l5l^es of Persons, who have had Grants of any Offices of Profit lro U since the first Day of May last.

Ordered, That the Officers of the respective Offices, Pensions. whereout any Pensions, during Pleasure, are paid, do lay before this House, an Account of the said Pensions, and of the Names, to whom the same are payable.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Printing tl(e being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap- Votes, point the printing thereof; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, ii° die Novembris;

Anno 6° Anna: Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members took the Oaths, and made, Members and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and take Oath-.

subscribed,

6 Ann. 11", — -i % a-N:ovemhfi$._ 397

subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according $0 she ing, take into their Qonsideration her Majesty's most Laws made for those Purposes.. . gracious Speech to both tloufes of Parliament.

Privilege, of Ordered, That Mr r CSir Sir

a Member Fran. Mafliam, Nit." Ogilvey,. Mr. Barnett, be added to

under aireft. t^e Committee, to whom the Matter of Mr. Afgilts Complaint is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Call of the House.

Address on the Queen's Speech.

The Queen's Speech to be coididered.

Mttcuriiy 12° die N;

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers,

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made, Member?

and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and sub- take Oaths, scribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The Clerk of the Crown in Chancery attended, and Grants of presented to ,the House (according to Order) An Ac- of count of all Grants, Patents, and Commissions, for Of- r01 fices, passed in the Crown Office in Chanceryj that are dated since the first Day of May last.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon, this., Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as shall not then attend, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an humble Address, to be presented to her Majesty, that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was twice read, and is as followeth j viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great in Parliament assembled, do, with all Thankfulness and Humility, acknowlege the divine Goodness in making your Majesty the glorious Instrument of uniting your two Kingdoms.

And: we shall never be so wanting in our Duty to your Majesty, and to the Trust reposed in us by those we represent, as not to embrace all Occasions of confirming, and improving, the Advantages of this happy Union.

As this cannot fail to strengthen your Majesty's Government at Home, and answer the well-grounded Hopes of all your good SubjtCh, so your faithful Commons are resolved to exert the united Strength of this Istand in such a Manner, as shall make it a Terror to your Enemies.'

The Elector of Hanover being at the Head of the Army on the Rhine, gives us the greatest Hopes of Success on that Side, from his Conduct, and Authority.

And though your Majesty's great and wife Designs, for the Advantage of this Nation, and the Good of the common Cause, have not had all the desired Effects in the last Campaign, yet we beg Leave to affine your Majesty, that no Difeppointments shall distourage us from making our utmost Efforts to enable your Majesty, in Conjunction with your Allies, to reduce the whole Spanish Monarchy to the Obedience of the King of Spain, to make good the Treaty with Portugal, and to strengthen the confederate Army under the Command of the Duke of Savoy.

Your Majesty has shewn, throughout the whole Course of your Reign, that you have no Interest separate from that of your People; who have been so sensible of the many Blessings they have enjoyed under your Administration, as never to be wanting on all Occasions to express their Gratitude to the best of Queens.

And we, your united Commons of this Parliament, do faithfully promise your Majesty, that we will proceed upon publick Business with Unanimity and Dispatch, and give such effectual Supplies, as may carry on the War with Vigour, and, by the Blessing of God upon your Majesty's Arms, obtain an honourable and lasting Peace.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree to the said Address, to be presented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Vol. 15.

The House being informed, that a Person attended from the Paymaster General of her Majesty's Guards, Garisons, fefr. he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Lift of the Names of the Agents of the several Army Troops and Regiments under the Care of the Paymaster Agents. General of her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, &c. and also,

A. Lift of alb Pensions, which are paid by the Pay- Pensions. matter General of ffier Majesty's Guards and Garisons,

&c.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Supply, into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, re.solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Mr. Poultifey (from the Commissioners of Trade) pre- plantation fented to the House, Governors.

A Lift of the Names of the Governors, and Lieutenant Governors, in the Plantations, under her Majesty's immediate Government, in America;and also,

A Lift of the Governors, and Lieutenant Governors, in the Proprietary and Charter Governments in America.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

5 H Sir

The House being informed, that a Person attended Commission-from the Commissioners of Prizes, he was called in, and, ers for Prizes, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Lift of the Names, of the Commissioners, Sub-commissioners, Secretary, and Receiver, of the Prizes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused. by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, that her Queen ap- Majesty having been waited upon, to know, when ffic points to be would please to be attended by this House; her Ma- attenc*ed< jesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two a Clock, at. her Palace of St. James's.

.° Novembri

I2°~

i3° — i4

A. 1707,

lVnCioni. Sir Thomas Frankland (from the Post Office) presented to the House, A Lift of the Pensions, payable out of the Post Office, during her Majesty's Pleasure.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the fud Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Novembris;

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the 'House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Duchy do lay be- Grant* of fore this House, a List of the Names of all Persons, who prog^s 0 have Grants of any Offices of Profits since the first of May last.

Members take Oaths.

Army

Agents.

Pensioner*.

Pensions.

Commissioners for Sick and Wounded.

Answer to Address.

Supply.

Anno 6* Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House, A Lift of Agents, who receive Moneys at the Pay Office for the Use of her Majesty's Forces, acting in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Compton presented to the House, An Account of her Majesty's Pensioners, dffr. paid by him.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Fitzharding presented to the House, An

Account of the Pensions, paid in the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruf d by the Members of this House.

The House being informed, that the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Sick and Wounded attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Lift of the Names of the Commissioners for the sick and wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners at War.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Yesterday present their humble Address to her Majesty; and that thereupon her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

Gent'einen,

I thank you very kindly for this Address. The Desires you express, of taking all Occasions to improve the Advantages of our happy Union, are extremely agreeable to me.

As you cannot give me a more sensible Proof of your Loyalty and Affection to me, and my Government, than by your Assurances of supporting me effectually in a vigorous Prosecution of the War, so I make no doubt, but that these Assurances will have their due Weight Abroad, and be of the greatest Advantage imaginable to the common Cause.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Hanaper do lay be- Ditto, fore this House, a List of the Names of all Persons, who have Grants of any Offices of Profits since the first Day of May last.

A Petition of John Holland, of Breewood, in the privilege of County of Stafford, Gentleman, was presented to the a Member House, and read; setting forth, that John Afgill, un^er Arrest* Esquire, a Member of this House, being indebted to the Petitioner, was (after great Trouble and Expence both in England and Ireland for many Years) taken in Execution in Trinity Term last, when his Privilege of Parliament was expired, and he is now in Custody; and there is no possible Means for the Petitioner ever to get any thing from him, but by detaining his Person: And praying, that the House will not allow Mr. Afgill any Privilege, until he hath made the Petitioner Satisfaction for his Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Matter of the Complaint of the said Mr. Afgill is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Vacation of ing next, take into Consideration the several Lifts, and !sea,s by ac* Accounts, laid before the House from the several Of-

fices. Pensions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 14.0 die Novembris;

Anno 6° Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made, and Member subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscrib- takeOaUi*. ed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fern (Receiver Pensions. General of the Customs) from the Commissioners of the \

Customs, attended, he was called in, and acquainted the House, from the Commissioners of the Customs, that no Pension, during Pleasure, is paid to any Person out of his Office.

And then he withdrew.

The House being-informed, that the Commissioners Commission-for Tran (ports attended, they were called in, and, at the ersforTranf* Bar, presented to the House, A Lift of the Names of porU‘ the said Commissioners.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that feme of the Commis- Commission-sioners for Wine Licences attended, they were called in, ers for Wine and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Lift of the LlcenCBe-Names of the said Commissioners.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the Lift was read.

OrdereAt

6 Ann. 140 — 15 0 N399

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth:

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time j

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Navy and Resolved, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1708, be laid before this House. iroa es. Resolved, That an Estimate of the Lind Forces, for the Year 1708, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnaoce for l.and Service, for the Year 1708, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads thereof, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Resolved', That an Account of the Subsidies to her Majesty's Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be laid before this House.

Resolved That an Account of the present Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions to the respective Offices, that the said Estimates, and Accounts, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Navy. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Navy of this Kingdom.

Sir Thomas Littleton (from the Commissioners of the Navy) presented to the House,

A Lift of the Pensions, and other Allowances, as they (land in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy; and also, A Lift of the Commissioners of the Navy at the Out-ports.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Grants of The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Offices of Hanaper attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, Profi*' presented to the House, A Lift of the Names of the Persons, who have had Grants of any Offices of Profits, under the great Seal of Great , since the first Day of Mery, 1707.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Paper* re- Resolved, That there be laid before this House, a specting the State of her Majesty's Royal Navy upon the 4th Day of May, 1702 (the Beginning of the War) what Ships have been since increased, or diminished, and how; and

what are remaining, and where; and aKo, the present State and Condition of the Navy.

Resolved, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the State and Trade of the Plantations.

Resolved, That there be laid before this House, art Account of what Number of Ships of War have been: taken from the Enemy, or destroyed, since the Beginning of the War, and by whom they were so taken, and destroyed; and also, what Ships have been re-taken, and by whom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions to the respective Offices, that the said States, and Accounts, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House, Stale of the who are to take into Consideration the State of the Navy Navy, of this Kingdom, do aKo take into Consideration the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoy* and Cruizers.

The Lord Ryalton presented to the House, a List Pensions. of Pensions, £sV. paid by the Cofferer of her Majesty's Houshold.

And the Title* thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Hackett, Mr. Chambers, Sir Privilege IVm. Kerr, Mr. Wallis, Sir Tho. IVebfler, Mr. Evelyn,

Sir Jo. Woljielholme, be added to the Committee, to whom the Matter of the Complaint of Mr. Afgill is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Sabbati, 150 die Novembris;

Anno 6° Anna Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

H E House being informed, that one of the Pensions. Commissioners of the Excise attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Return of the said Commissioners, touching Pensions, during Pleasure, payable out of the Revenues of Excise.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that an Officer of the Ditto. Exchequer attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of Pensions payable at the Exchequer, during Pleasure.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that the Deputy Receiver Alienation of the Fines of Alienation attended, he was called in, . Office, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, his Return from the Alienation Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that one of the Auditors Grants of of the Duchy of Lancaster attended, he was called in Offices of and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of ^ro®<* the Grants of Offices of Profit in the North Parts of the Duchy of Lancaster, from the first of May, 1707.

And

Pension and Places.

Pensions.

Ditto,

Privilege — Precedents respecting Members under Arrest.

460

A

15 0 Novembm‘

a:\ jd7:

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that the Deputy Remembrancer of the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, his Return, relating to Pensions.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, An Account of all Pensions, during Pleasure, out of the Revenue of Ireland, or out of the Profits of any Offices of that Kingdom.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt acquainted the House, that the Committee, to whom the Matter, relating to Mr. AJgill (a Member of this House, in Prison in the,) was referred, had dire died him to make a Report thereof, when the House will please to receive it.

Resolved, That the Report be now received.

Accordingly Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported the Matter to the House; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and-is as folio we th; viz.

'That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Complaint, and also searched Precedents} and that the Cafe, and Precedents, are as follow;

That it appeared, upon the Examination of the High Bailiff, and Keeper of the Westminster, one

Elderlon, a Bailiff, and the Warden of the Fleet, that a Warrant was sent from the Sheriff of to the

High Bailiff of Westminster, dated the 11 th of June, 1707, for arresting the - laid Mr. AJgill, at the Suit of John Holland, for 6,390 Debt, and at the Suit of John Tayler, for £. 2,500 Debt.

That, pursuant to the said Warrant, Mr. AJgill was arrested the 12th of June aforesaid by one a

Bailiff to the said High Bailiff of Westminster, and by him detained till the 14th of the said June-, and then he delivered Mr. AJgill to the Custody of the Gate-kouse Prison, charged in Execution at the Suit of the said John Holland and John Tayler.

That the said Mr. AJgill, the 23d 1707,

was removed by Habeas Corpus from the Gate-house to the Prison of the Fleet, then charged with Actions upon mesne Process, at several Persons Suits,' in the Sum of £. 2,284, and on Executions in the Sum of 9,890, as by the original Return, and annexed to the said Writ of Habeas Corpus, appeared.

Then the Committee proceeded to search for Precedents of the Method of Proceedings, which this House has used in Cafes of Privilege, and the Method of freeing their Members under Arrests -, which, in Point of Time, as they Hand upon the Journals of this House, are; viz.

The first Precedent is the same of Sir Tho. Shirley in i° Jacobi, as follows; viz.

The Parliament 1° Jac. was summoned to meet on the 19th of March; and on the 15th of March (four Days before the Parliament met) Sir Tho. Shirley, who was elected Burgess for Steyning, in Sussex, was arrested, and committed to the Fleet.

Upon a Motion made on his behalf, the House or-tlertd a Warrant should be directed, under the Hand of Mr. Speaker, to the Clerk of the Crown, for a Writ of Habeas Corpus, to bring the Body of Sir Tho. into the House upon Tuesday following. 22 Mar. 1603.

It appeared, upon Examination of the Fad, that the Execution was taken forth the 30th January, 1603, a Day before the Tejle of the Writ, and was delivered to the Serjeant the nth of February, before Sir Thomas was elected. The Heads of the Debate upon this Oc-calion appear upon the Journal, and concluded with ap-22

pointing a Committee, to confidey ;of all the Queliions and Doubts, in this Cafe. 27 March, 1604.

Upon Report of the Committee, the House ordered, that Sympjon, at whose Suit'Sir Thomas was committed,

and the Serjeant} that arrested him, llibuld be committed to the Tower j and that they would hear Counsel on all Parties on these Points:

1 ft, Whether Privilege were to be allowed, since the Execution was taken forth, before the-Parliament fat: 2d, Whether the Action was discharged:

3d, Where the Loss should lie. 1604.

The Argument of the Counsel, and the Precedents they used, appear in the Journal; That of Hyde, 14th Edw. IV. of Larke, 8° Hen. VI. and of Clark, 29° Hen. VL

Upon reading these Precedents, three Questions were Put:

ift. Whether Sir Tho. Shirley should have Privilege: 2dly, Whether presently, or deferred till further Order:

3dly, Whether we shall be Petitioners to his Majesty, according to former Precedents, for feme Course of securing the Debt of the Party, and laving harmless the Warden of the Fleet.

Which were all resolved in the Affirmative.

A Bill for securing Sympjon % Debt, was twice read, and committed.

The feme Bill read a Third time, and passed: — Sent up to the Lords.

A Bill for the Relief of Plaintiffs, where the Defendants in Execution are set at Liberty, altered in the Stile, and ordered to be ingrossed.

On the 2d of May a Motion was made, to appoint a Committee, to consider of all such Precedents, as shall be offered in the Particulars of Sir Tho. Shirley's same of Privilege; and there are the Copies of several Records in your Journal.

" Resolved, That Sir Thomas Shirley be presently " delivered.

" Ordered, upon the Question, That a Writ of beas Corpus shall presently be awarded, for the bringing of his Body (being Prisoner in the Fleet) into the " House Tomorrow, at Eight of the Clock in the " Morning; and a Warrant, containing the Effect " of the Order, under the Hand of Mr. Speaker, " directed to the Clerk of the Crown accordingly." Upon the 4th of May a Petition was tendered, and read in the House, to be exhibited to his Majesty, for the Royal Assent to Sir Tho. Shirley's Bill presently to be had.

Upon the reading, it was not approved, nor thought fit by the House to proceed-in that Manner, being, as was conceived, feme Impeachment to the Privilege of the House: The Petition itself is entered in the Journal, and is according to the Form of those Acts, that passed in the Time of Edw. the 4th: But the House resolved, that a Habeas Corpus be awarded, as before.

But the Warden of the Fleet denied to execute the Writ of Habeas Corpus, before the King's royal Assent was procured to the Bill, for the Security of Sympjon', and himself; and was committed to the Serjeant. 7 May, 1604.

The same Day an Act, for new Executions to be feed after the Parliament, when the Defendants, &c. was read a Third time, and passed.

The Warden of the Fleet continuing obstinate, and refilling to deliver Sir Thomas, unless he would give Security; it was ordered, To commit the Warden of the Fleet to the Tower, close Prisoner: To fend the Ser-

jeant Tomorrow (fitting the Court) to require the Delivery of Sir Thomas Shirley.

8° May, 1604. The Serjeant returns from the Fleet: Says, the Warden's Wife refuseth to deliver him.

Mr. Secretary Herbert reports, That his Majesty, upon reading of the Precedent of Ferrers, was graciously pleased to leave it to their Liberty, to proceed in the same of Sir Thomas Shirley, as they thought fit.

90 May,

6 Ann. i 50

9® Afrry, 1604. The first Bill for securing the Debt of Simpson, being found faulty, after it had passed both

Houses, a new Bill was drawn, and passed the House in one Day.

Sir Roger Act on delivered from the King, that, in verbo Principle, he will give his Assent at the End of the Session.

10 Maij, 1604. The Warden, and his Wife, continuing obstinate, {he House at lad committed him to the Prison of Little Ease \in the; and upon the 15th caused Sir Thomas to be delivered; and he was instantly admitted to fit in the House.

The ad Precedent is:

Sabbati, 9 Apr. 12 iml.

Sir John Strangewith moveth, that Sir,

Burgess for Bridport, is committed by my Lord Chancellor, since the Time of the Summons of the Parliament, but before the Election; and prays the Direction of the House: Which was referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Privileges.

Jovis, 14® Apr. pradiEi.

Mr. Fuller reports Sir Wm. Bamfield' % Cafe: That he

was committed before his Election, for a Contempt, for not accepting the Offer of Sir John IVentworth.

" Upon the Question, whether Sir Wm. Bamfield, committed after the Summons, and before his Election, 4‘ for a Contempt;

" Ordered, upon the Question, That he shall have his " Privilege, by Writ of Habeas ."

The 3d Precedent is Sir John Prettyman s same $ viz.

The Parliament was prorogued from the 10th November, 1674, to the 13th Apr. 1675.

On the 14th of April, 1675, Information being given to the House, that Sir John Pr a Member thereof, is detained Prisoner in the Prison of the King's Bench in one Execution, and upon several other mesne Process;

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do

bring Sir John Prettyman Tomorrow Morning to this u House, together with the Cause of his being detained in Prison from the Attendance of this House.*'

15 Apr. 1675. The Marshal of the King's Bench being called into the House, to give an Account of the Order, sent to him, to bring Sir John Prettyman into the House; and having given an Account, why he had not at prefen t obeyed the Order; the Matter was referred to the Committee of Privileges.

ao® Apr. 1675. " Resolved, That Sir John Prettyman

be delivered out of the Custody of the Marshal of the King's Bench, to attend the Service of the House.

" Resolved, That Sir John Prettyman, be delivered " from such Custody, by fending the Serjeant at Arms " attending on the House, with the Mace, to attend the " Service of this House."

The 4th Precedent is Sir Robert Holt's Cafe; viz.

16 Febr. 1676, Information was given to the House

from Sir Robert Holt, a Member of the House, that he was detained Prisoner in the Fleet, at the Suit of Mr. Edmund Prideaux, and thereby hindered from attending

the Service of the House.

A Petition of the said Mr. Prideaux was also tendered, and read.

And a Debate ensuing;

Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt's same (he being taken " in Execution, and detained Prisoner in the Fleet, and " thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House) be referred to a Committee.'*

401

The izd Febr. 1676. Resolved, That the Matter

" of Sir Robert Holt's same (being detained in the Prison

" of the Fleet, in Execution, and thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House) be referred to the " Committee of Elections and Privileges; and they are " to search Precedents in the Cafe."

On the 2d Apr. 16 76, upon the Report from the Committee of Privileges,

"Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt be delivered out of " the Custody of the Warden of the Fleet, to attend the " Service of this House.

" Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt be delivered from such " Custody, by fending the Serjeant at Arms, attending " this House, with the Mace, to bring him to the " Service of the House."

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Harley allb reported to the House, that ^ntt0, their Address, That there might be laid before the House, a State of the royal Navy on the 4th Day of May, 1702, and what Ships have been since increased, or diminished, and how, and what are remaining, and where; and of the present State and Condition of the Navy; and also a State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers; and also an Account of what Number of Ships of War have been taken from the Enemy, or destroyed since the Beginning of the War, and by whom they were so taken, and destroyed; and also of what Ships have been re-taken, and by whom; had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been pleased to to fend Directions to the respective Offices, for the immediate preparing the said States, and Accounts; and that they should be laid before the House with all possible Speed.

Admiral Churchill acquainted the House, that her Ma- Navy jesty had been pleased to direct him to lay before the EftitnaUS House,

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 170s; and also,

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, as it Hood on the 30th of September, 1707.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1708, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, as it Hood on the 30th of September, 1707, is as in the subsequent Sheet annexed.

Mr. Secretary Harley reported to the House, that their Answer to

Address, for the Estimates, and Accounts, to be laid Address* before the House, relating to the Navy, Ordnance, and Subsidies to her Majesty's Allies, for the Service of the Year 1708; and for the Account of the Debt of the Navy, and particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the last Year; had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the respective Offices, that the same should be presently laid before the House.

Vol. 15,

j Ji A*

Admiralty Office, 15th November, 1707.

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September, 1707.

D

(a

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

FT

Debts, as they stood on September, 1707. the 30th J Remaining on the 30th S,pt. 1707, in Money, towards l'atisfying the said Debt. The aforesaid

HEADS v To be received Money being

of til# NAVAL ESTIMATES. Particulars. V from the Exchequer, of the Money voted by die hon. House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1707. In the Treasurer deduced, the neat Debt of the Navy on

r Before this Reign. Since this Reign. TOTALS. of the Navy's Hands. the 30th Sept. 1707,was; viz.

Due on Bills in the second Book, namely, Pursers Balance Bills, aiul for extraordinary Necessary-money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons, Free Gift, £fc. occurred before the late Reign £.* d. 15,480 14 8 £ > d. £ > d. 15,480 14 8 £. V £ £ 1. d. 15*480 14 8

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extra' Repairs.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, entered in Course, on the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and all other Debts arising for Stores delivered, and daily expected, upon Contracts made for foreign Commodities, for which Bills were not made out, with the Debt of the Out Ports - -- -- - 1,018,960 9 7"

To her Majesty's Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extra' thereof - -- 220,019 — — V 1,138,979 9 7 138,073 10,146 6 1 1.090,760 3 6

Seamen's Wages.

Due to several Men, remaining unpaid upon the Books of Ships paid off since the 13 Ftb. 1688 ----- - 58,561 12 2 — 176,817 — 2

To Ships in Sea Pay - -- 1,183,964

To pay off and disciiarge all the Bills entered in Course, for the Pay of Flag Officers, Pilotage, on the Head of Seamen's Wages - -- -- U.67+ — M4*>°>7 J* 4 60,909 9 4 *>75i 5 3 D3?8,35^ *7 11

Victualing.

Due onaccountof Vi<fhialing her Majesty's Navy, according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof - - " 1,041,109 10 5 1,041,109 jo 5 4>343 5 7 4*335 5 I>°32*43° 16 5

Sick and Wounded.

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, and Subsistence of French Prisoners, as per Account received from ihe Commissioners for those Services: For Subsistence of French PrifoDCt* ----- -- 42,341 , 5,019 J 47,360 ( In the Hands ' 3 of the Cashier of th': Sick and Wounded 11.637 4 1 45.722 15 10

Totals - - - £. 74,043 6 10 3,710,904 — 2 3»784>947 7 — 203,325 14 11 I 18,870 3 S 3>56*»75* 4

Debt6, as they stood on Sept. 1707. the 30th Remaining on 30 Sept. 1707, in Money, towards satisfy ing the said Debt. The aforesaid

HEADS To be received Money being

of the Particulars. from the Exchequer, of the Money voted by the hon. House of Commons in the last Session of Parliament, for the S-r.vice of the Navy, for the Year 1707. In the Treasurer deducted, the neat Debt on the 30 Sept.

NAVAL ESTIMATES. Beforft this Reign. \ Since this Reign. TOTALS. of the Navy's Hands. 1707* wasj viz.

Register Office. £. x. £. s. ,1. £. «. d. £. d. £, s, d. £. ,. i.

Due to the Seamen, that have been registered, pursuant to an Act of Parliament on that behalf, according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof - >'.395 — — 184,053 11 1 295,448 11 1 *95.44* ii 1

Memorandum: There are Tallies in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands, struck upon the 10th 4 s. Aid, to the Value of £.64,777. 5 Sm 10 d. which is to be reckoned in Part of the £. 203,325. 14 s. 11 d % re main ini; to lie received of the present Year's Proportion; and, as Money ftmll be procured upon them, there is the Sum of £.9,083. vis. 6d. Part thereof, to be applied to the head of Wear and Tear, and the remaining Sum of £. 55,693. 135. 4 d. to be applied to the Head of Seamen's Wages.

And there are also Tallies in his Hands, struck upon the Reversion of Annuities, to the Value of £. 53,675, which, as Money shall be raised upon them, is to be applied as followeth; viz. £. 23,673 to the Head of Wear and Tear; and the other £. 30,000 to the Victualing.

D. Mitchell, Richard HitI, R. Walpole.

Geo. Chur chilly

H. PdgCt ty

S. Fairborne.

4*

o

15 Novembris. -Fi. 1707.

Army

Estimates.

150 Novembris. 403

6 Aisnsr.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimates be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to considerof the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to direct him to lay before the House,

An Estimate of Forty thousand Men to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1768; and also,

An Estimate of the Twenty thousand Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1708.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Estimates are as follow; viz.

I. ESTI MAT E of 40,000 Men to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Ldw Countries,

with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1708.

Horse.

' Lieutenant General s Regiment

Lieutenant General ' Major General Cadogas -

Major General Palme's - -

Duke of Schonberg's -

C Earl of s Dragoons. Lieutenant General R0fse's

Foot.

Royal Regiment -Duke of Argyle's

Major General Lord North and Grey's Major General How's Colonel Godfrey's Lieutenanc General s -

Colonel Lalo's -Brigadier Sabine's -Brigadier. Hatton's Colonel Prejlons -Sir Richard Temple's Brigadier Meredyth's Another Regiment -Colonel Evans's -

Numbers.

598

400

4OO

400

400

541

541

1,876

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

*[938

867

General Officers -

Contingencies, upon Account

Forage, and YVaggon-money, upon Account

£. s. d.

: Hessians

£ ( Hanover and Cell -

- 3,080

- 10,000

£. s. d.

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men - 20,000 ——

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the") oQoo __ _.

Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties, upon Account^ '

Total - -

Increase in the English, for the Year 1708.

By Forage, omitted in the Estimate' last Year, for the additional Generali Officers, their Aids de Camp and£ Majors of Brigade then granted

£. s. d. 565 *5 —

2,198

1,082

- 23,785 — 10")

- 10,000 -V

- 16,825 10 — J

Total for the English

» C Danes ----- --- - 6,000

gj Prufians.....2,532

£,) HeJJiat,

Charge per Atvium.

£ d.

122,153 6 8

38,677 16 8

*4.937 258,514 5 16

18,217 4*9.345 9 2

50,610 10 10

- 469,956

116,282 15 —

43,018 18 6

- — 53,685

*7*»329 *° —

2 1,612

39,829 854,272 3 6

- 40,000

- £ 894,272 3 6 =s = — 1

H. St. John.

[*] The Number " 867" is by Mistake written in the Journal in this Place, inllead of " 938" and the Figures and Words, inclosed in Crotchets, are emitted j but the Error is corrected, and the Figures and Words wanting are supplied, from the original Account.

VOL. 15.

ESTIMATE

Cruisers

Convoys.

404

15® Novem

A. 1707.

ESTIMATE of the 10,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1708.

English Foot. Earl of Orrery's Regiment Three Regiments more -

Gottorp. Two Regiments of Dragoons Two Regiments of Foot -

Gotha,

Two Regiments of Dragoons -Two Regiments of Foot -

Munster. Three Regiments of Foot -

Hejfe CaJJ'el. One Regiment of Foot -

Osnabrug. One Regiment of Foot -

Oojl Frize.

One Regiment of Foot

Leige,

One Regiment of Dragoons Two Regiments of Foot -One Regiment of Foot more -

Numbers.

876

1,628

i,n6

1,766

892

1,708

581

l>596 797

Palatines.

Four Regiments of Foot -

Danes.

Surplus of the Danes, Part of the 40,000 Men transferred to-} Establishment of the Troops of Augmentation - -i

One Half for her Majesty -

Which Sum of 1,714,137 Gls. 10 St, at 10 Gl. 10 St. to the 7 Pound Sterling, makes - - - - j

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men - 5,000

Fcr Forage, Waggon-money, and Re-

emits, for the Foreigners, upon Ac- > 9,260 count - - - -J

Total for her Majesty's Share of the Charge of the Troops of 7

Augmentation

S

Other additional Forces.

Palatines. Her Majesty's Share, being -Jds of the Charge of 3,000 7

Palatines.....i

Saxons. Her Majesty's Share, being a Moiety of the Charge of 4,639!

Saxons, confiding of one Regiment of Horse, two of Dra-> goons, and f< ur of Foot - - - - -J

Bothmar. Her Majesty's Share, being a Moiety of the Charge of a Regi- } ment of Dragoons, of 800 Men - - - 5

Total - - £.

3>5°4

2,882

2,600 2,442 88 5

807

797

2.974

2,600

520

Charge per Annum.

20,011

10,005

2,000

2.3*9

400

14,724

Gl. St. 667,037 10

578.98I 5

488,260 to 352.754 5

r

122,621 15 110,626 18 H3>4°5 10

497.5*3 5 322,321 5

174,752 17

3,428,275 —

1.7,4»,37 10

£. s. 163,251 3 6

14,260 ——

177»511 3 6

34.251 13 4

43.251 12 6 9,269 16 -6

264,284 5 10

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimates be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

and A Petition of several Merchants of London, on behalf of themselves, and others, trading to foreign Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners at the Beginning of the War reaped great Benefit by the extraordinary Care, then taken, to pre-lerve the Petitioners Ships from the Enemy, in their return Home from the West Indies, Straits, 6*by appointing a sufficient Number of clean Cruizers in the

H. St. John.

Soundings, and Channel, whereby they were not only protected from the Enemy, but many of them were taken, and few then remained, to annoy the Petitioners j and, were the same good Methods now practised, the like Effects would soon be felt; but, instead of meeting her Majesty's Cruizers in those Places of Danger, to protett them, they have generally met the watchful Enemy; whose great Success of late has so vastly increased their Numbers, that they swarm off Beady Head, and all over the Channel, and Soundings, and cross from Ujhant to Cape Clear-, in which Places much the greater Part of the Petitioners Ships have been taken, for want of Cruizers there, few or none having

Exporting

Cloth.

Grants ®>f Oiiices q/ Profit.

Mtmbers take Oath*.

Exporting

Cloth.

6 Ann.

15® — i 7® Novembrts.

405

of late been appointed, to the Petitioners great Lois, the enriching, and encouraging, the Enemies Seamen, and dispiriting our own, and the almost Ruin of the Trade of this Kingdom, which rrmft have been intirely swallowed up, had not the large Privateers of J>eeh otherwise employed in the Trade to the South Seas: And praying, that the House % will (before 'tis too late) apply such Remedy, to prevent the like Misfortunes, as to, them shall seem proper, to obtain the wished-for End of obtaining sufficient Cruizers in the Channel, and Soundings, during the Continuance of the present War.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

A Petition of divers Clothiers of the County of cejier. in behalf of themselves, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Stop is put to the Exportation of white Cloths by the Commissioners of the Customs, upon the Expiration of a Patent, formerly granted, for Payment of a Duty upon the Exportation of such Cloths, to the great Impoverishment of the Petitioners, and many others, who have large Stocks upon their Hands, and cannot otherwise dispose of them: And praying Relief therein by such Ways, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House j

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Mr. Jeffreys,

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. Diston, Mr.

Mr. Stuart, Mr. Harley, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir ‘Thomas Burnet, Mr. Cook, Mr. Bray, Sir James Campbell, Sir Rich. How, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gztyn, Sir Tho. Haunter, Mr. Heysham, Sir Jeffry Jeffreys, Mr. B/aithwaite, Sir Samuel Garrard, Mr. Southwell, Sir John Swinton, Mr. Mr. Ireton, Mr. Maj'on,; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Wiits, iVorccfier, Gloucester, Somerset Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the other Auditor, -for the South Parts of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended, he wascalled in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of the Auditor of the Parts of the Duchy of Lancaster, touching Grants of Offices of Profits.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

The House being moved, that the Act, of the 5th Preservation Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the of Game, better Preservation of the Game, be read;

The Act was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TdIcrs for, heYca,;^-» } S,

Teller, for the Noe,g>^'£*& } 86.

So it passed in the Negative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider. of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty:

A Complaint being made to the House, that one ^"vjJege~ William Philips (against whom there was a Complaint, the last Parliament, of a Breach of Privilege against Sir Humphry Mackworth, a Member of this House) had sent the said Sir Humphry a Challenge; and that there is a Design against his Life; and that there are several Witnesses at the Door to prove the lame;

One George Hopkins was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

One Thomas Hawkins was called in, and examined; and delivered in a Letter, signed by the said Philipps.

And then he withdrew.

And the Letter was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Sir,

I am very credibly informed, that you have lately used me after an ignominious Manner, by spreading abroad malicious, scandalous, and unjust, Alperfions; and I fend you this, to acquaint you with my Resentments.

I expect, you'l immediately fend me Word, when and where you'l meet me, to give me a Gentleman's Satisfaction. In the Interim

I am, Sir,

From Mr. Pralfs Your injured humble Servant,

House, 23d Sep- Wm. Philipps.

tember, 1707.

Lunce, 17 die Novembrts;

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, 1707. Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Morrifpn, Mr. Chandler, and all, that serve for the County of Southampton, and all the Merchants of the House, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of divers Clothiers of the' County of Gloucester, is referred.

Vo 1. 15.

One Richard Hawkins was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

One Howell Griffith was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

One Mrs. Kemp was called in, and examined.

And then Ihe withdrew.

One John Hawkins was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Upon the Complaint, made to this House, against William Philipps, for fending a Challenge to Sir Humphry Mackworth (a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and several Witnesses having been examined thereupon; and the Letter, importing the said Challenge, being produced, and read;

S K Ordered,

Members take Oalbs.

Pensions.

406

17® — 18® Novembris.

Ordered, That the said William Philipps be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martts, 18° die Novembris;

Anno 6* Attoat R,*ginae, 1707.

Praters.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made, and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The Lord Coningsby presented to the House, An Account of Penllons, during Pleasure, out of the Revenue of Inland, or out of the Profits of any Office of that Kingdom.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is as followeth j viz.

Pensions, during Pleasure, on the Establishment of that Kingdom, which commenced from the 25th March, 1704, and are now payable.

Pensions, per Ann. £. s. d.

To Thomas Hughs, a blind Man -To the Duke of St. Albans -To Captain Charles Hubbletborn To the Earl of Granard To David Gervafe, and his Wife To Mrs Ann Jones - -

To Mrs. Catherine Wan To the Earl of RoJ'common -

To the Earl of Longford To Thomas Keetly, Esquire To Mrs. Catherine Obrian To the Baron D' Firazel

To Mrs. Eliz. Willoughby

To Mr. Elias Bouherau To Mrs. Catherine Puiffar -To Edw. Progers -

To Mrs. Waller, until £ 2,000 be paid at

one Payment ----- 200

To Ul'tck Lord Roche £. too, and Ellen Rocb, his Sifter, £.50

To Charles Ricacie, till a Debt ofj£. 1,997.

4J. be paid -

To the Lady Stephens -

To Daniel Dearing -To Mrs. Francis Stopford -

To Mrs. Mary Mackartbey Reagh -To the Non-conforming Ministers, to be distributed in such Proportion, as the chief Governor, for the Time being, shall find necessary - - - 1,200 — —

To sundry French Pensioners, named in a List hereunto annexed, marked A; being such, as have been disabled by the War, or reduced to Poverty, and destitute of other Means to support themselves - -24,152

To the Earl of Gallway To Lieutenant General Stewart -To Colonel Hen. Lutterell -To Sir James Jefferays, in lieu of a Company - - - 181 1.0 — -

To Captain Miredell - - - - 109 10 —

To Major General L. A. Mtlonier - - 273 15 —

£. 32,473 a 1

A. 1707.

Pensions, per Ann.

Pensions, during Pleasure, by particular Warrants, since the Commencement of the Establishment.

To a French Conforming Minister, to be named by the chief Governor for the Time being -To Sir George BarnwcH -

To the Baron D. Nevill -To John D. Prades -To Magdonnel D. Boifrond -To Mary D. Bruee 3 s.per , in lieu of the like to Captain D. Bruce, on the Lift of French Pensioners -To Margaret, Ann, and Blaneh-

field ——

To Eliz.la Comte 4 s.per diem, in lieu of

the like to one la Comte, on the Lift of Fr. Pensioners - -

To Mr. Walker, Son of Doctor Walker, deceased - -

To Dame Sarah D' Vic, and Ronefele To the Widow of Colonel Wm. Legg To James Fomtaine -To sundry FrenehPensioners, in addition to the Lift, and marked under the Letter B To Sir Wm. Russell -To Pierce Arnop -

To Jane and Mary D. per diem,

5° ——

too ——

91 5 —

45 6

45 12 6

50 ——

»50 ——

ICO — —

5° ——

91 5 —

255 10 —

400 ——

73 ——

- 25 for the like to Antoine, D. Laujfae, on

800 — — the Fr.Pensioners Lift — — —

m 100 - — To Captain Hemy Thomas - 80

- 500 To Major General Gustavus Hamilton 182 10 —

- 50 To Eliz.Countess Dowager of Thanet - 300

100 To Francois Alijieu - - - - 54 15

- 100 — — To Mary Sambermont- - - - 36 10 —

- *50 To Henry Power - 100 — —

- ,50 To Lieutenant Colonel Wm. Culliford - 25° — —

400 To Major Wm. Ogelthorp - 250

200 To Marque D. Pechells nd. per diem, for

- 100 the like to James Dambon, on the Lift

- 200 — — of French Pensioners ——

- 200 To Tho. Faviere is. 6 per diem, in lieu

- 200 — — of the like to Thomas his Father,

200 — — in the Lift of Fr. Pensioners — — —

50 ——

150 ——

100 — —

100 — " — 100 — —

100 ——

100 — —

7 1

- 1,000 ——

- 730 ——

500 — —

To Catherine Talbot, Widow To Mary Murray, Widow, for herself, and Children - -

To Major General La Melonier, by way of Augmentation -To John Netterville -To Chris. Lord Slaine, for himself and Family ——

To Margaret Comberefe gs. per , in lieu of the like to Peter Comberefe, her Husband, on the Lift of Fr. Pensioners — — — To Mary O Hara, by way of Augmentation ——

To Mr. John Outing - -

To Brigadier JoJias Fimar, by way of Augmentation -To Cadwalladen Lord Blaney, for himself, his Mother, and other the Children of the late Lord Blaney

91 5 —

30 ——

200 — —

500 ——

18 5 — 200 — —

164 5 —

182 10 —

36,665 7 1

Pensions out of the Profits of any Offices of that Kingdom.

To the Earl of Mount Alexander, out of

the Poundage Fee - 500 — —

Coningsby.

Ordered,

0 finance Liiimates.

6 Ann.

l&Nffvembris.

407

Ordered That, the said Account do lie upon the Ta- what will be absolutely necessary, till it is ascertained,

what Number of Troops will be employed there in h$r Majesty's Pay.

Memorandum: There is also a Demand of £. 2,837-17 for the Charge of one Year of Ordnance

Officers, for the Security of Alicant and Denia.

JVm. Lowther,

C. Ja.

ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Brydges (from the Office of Ordnance) presented

to the House,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, Anno 1708; and also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance for the Year 1708, for Land Service} and also,

Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the Thirtieth of September, 1707.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimates, and Debt, are as follow;

I. An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, for the Year 1708.

s. d.

THE Propqrtion for this Office,

40,009 Men, at £.4 per Head,

is ----- 104,000 ——

To carrying on the building of the Whaif, and Storehouses, at mouth - - - 10,000 ——

d.

3*

a,6i6 15

£. 114,000 ——

Wm. Bridges, Jo. Lowther, C. Mujgrave, Ja. Craggs.

d.

II. An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1708, for Land Service.

£. s.

THE Charge of the Holland Train - 45,000 —

The Ordinary of the Office, corn-prizing Salaries, Rents and Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks,

Platforms, Carriages, as likewise the Rxpence of Stores in the several Gabions, and other incident Charges - - - 28,273 13

For 200 Tons of Salt petre, for Supply of the Stores - - - 10,600 —

The yearly Charge at Jamaica - — 511 —

The yearly Charge at New York — 182

The yearly Charge of Powder, sent to

Portugal - - - 10,974

The Charge of Officers, &c. at Gibraltar ----- 3,631

The Charge of replenishing the Stores, which are very much exhausted by several Expeditions - - - 40,000

The Charge of repairing, and adding

to, the Fortifications of Gibraltar - 18,000

III.* Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th September, 1707.

£- S-

DUE to Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September,

1707 - - - 176,793 14

Due to the Holland Train, to the 30th September, 1706, per Estimation -Due to the several Trains in Spain, to ditto, per Estimation -

Due to Engineers, Storekeepers, Gunners. &c. at New York, and Jamaica, to ditto Time - -

Due to Fire-workers, Bombardiers,

Carpenters, fcfr. attending the Bomb Vessels, to ditto Time Due for Freight of Ships, attending at

Barcelona, Alicant, Lisbon, lAc.

Due for Salaries, and Rents of Storehouses, lAc. to ditto Time -

>>3*3 *9 10

907 11 —

715 2 —

- 12,788 15

4»m 10

si

71

10

I57>,73 3 9

Memorandum: The yearly Charge of Officers, and other Attendants, for the Train of Artillery in Spain, as proposed by the Earl of Gallway, amounts to - - - - 12,254

The Charge of Carriages, and Beasts of Draught, for 20 Pieces of Cannon, and other Necessaries, amounts to - - - 56,110 14

And the Charge of Ammunition, and other Stores, for the Train and Army there ----- 10,291 18

£. 207,247 8 ii

Wm. Bridges, Ja. Lowther,

C. Mujgrave, Ja. Craggs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimates, and Debt, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted tp her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rygate Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Rygate, in the County of Surrey, in the Room cf Stephen Harvey, Esquire, deceased.

Admiral Churchill acquainted the House, that he was Papers recommanded by her Vlaji fty to lay before the House, specting the A Lift of her Majesty's royal Navy upon the 4th of Navy*

May, 1702, with their Complements of Men and Guns; and also.

An Account of the Numbers, and Rates, of the Ships and Vessels, built, and otherwise added to her Majesty's royal Navy, since the 4th of May, 1702; and also.

An Account of the Numbers, and Rates, of her Majesty's Ships and Vessels, which have been loft, and otherwise decreased, since the 4th of May, 1702; and also.

An Abstra& of the Number of Ships, we have taken, or destroyed, of the Enemies, and how many they have ! - 5 taken or destroyed, of ours, since the 4th of May, 1702 }

1 -i

5 —

m —

4 i

10

and also,

A Lift of her Majesty's royal Navy upon the 14t h of November, 1707, with their Complements cf Men and Guns, and where they are.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly. And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Lifts, and Accounts, are as follow} viz.

Which, in the Whole, amounts to - 78,657 10 8£

This Calculation is made for an Army of 40 Battalions of Foot, 40 Squadrons of Horse, and 20 Squadrons of Dragoons} but we can make no Judgment, V 0 4. 15.

Admiralty

408

i 8® Novembris.

A. 1707.

Admiralty Office, 17 th N

*7°7-

I. A LIST of her Majesty's royal Navy upon the 4th of 170a, with their Complements Men, and Guns.

a

oS

ill.

id.

3d.

Ships Names.

St. Andrew -

Brittania

London

(Jueen-

Victory

Royal William

Sovereign

Albemarle -

Afibciation -

Barfleur

St. George -

Royal Katherine

St. Michaell

Neptune

Namure

Oflory

Prince George Sandwich Tryumph Vanguard Windsor Castle

Berwick

Boyne

Bredah

Burford

Bedford

Captain

Cornwall

Chichester -

Cambridge -

Cumberland

Content Prize

Defyance

Devonshire -

Dorsetshire -

Eagle

Edgar

Elizabeth

Essex

Expedition -Grafton

Hampton Court Humber -Ipswich Kent -Lancaster Lenox

Monmouth -Norfolk -Northumberland Newark Nassau

Royal Oak -Ort'ord

Resolution -Restauration -Rupert Rufl'ell Ranelagh Revenge Sterling Castle Suffolk Swift sure Shrewsbury -

Men. Guns.

706 96

754 IOO

706 96

754 IOO

754 ICO

754 IOD

880 IOO

5,3°8 692

640 90

640 90

640 90

688 96

5*4 84

582 90

640 90

640 90

640 90

640 90

640 90

640 90

640 90

640 90

8,834 1,260

446 70

476 80

446 70

446 70

446 70

446 70

476 80

47 6 80

476 80

476 80

446 70

389 64

476 80

476 80

446 70

432 72

446 70

446 70

446 70

446 70

446 70

476 80

446 70

446 70

476 80

446 70

389 66

476 80

446 70

476 80

446 70

456 74

446 70

408 70

446 70

389 66

476 80

476 80

446 70

446 70

446 70

408 70

476 80

a

PS

4 th.

Ship. Name.

Somerset Torbay Warfpight Yarmouth -

Assistance

Anglesey

Advice

Briftoll

Bonadventure Burlington -Blackwall Canterbury -Centurion Chatham Chester Crown

Colchester -Coventry Deptford Dover

Dragon -Dunkirk Dreadnought Dartmouth -Exeter

Falmouth -

Falkland

Greenwich -

Gloucester -

Guernsey

Hampthire -

Je/fcy

Kingston

Kingsifher -

Lincoln

Litchfield

Medway

Monk

Mary

Montague -

Newcastle -

Norwich

Non such

Oxford

Portland

Pembroke -

Pendennis -

Plymouth -

Reserve

Rochester -

Ruby

Romney

Southampton

Sunderland -

Severne

Salisbury

Tyger

Tilbury

Weymouth -

Woolwich

Windsor

Winchester -

Worcester

York -

Warwick 1

Men.

476 476 408 446

121,153

226 226 226 226 226 226 226 346 226 226 226 226 226 226 226 226 216

333 346 226 3+6 226 226 274

346

226 226 226

34' 2 to 226 226 346 33* 34& 346 2/4 226 226

*74

226

346 226

332

226 226 226 226 226 346

226 226 226 226 226

274 346

226 226

332

226

15,702

Guns.

80

80

70

70

3,442

48

48

48

48

48

48

48

60

48

48

48

48

48

48

48

48

46

60

64

48

60

48

48

54

60

48

48

48

60

46

48

48

60

60

64.

62

54

48

48

54

48

60

48

60

48

48

48

48

48

60

48

48

46

48

48

54

60

48

48

60

43

3»J36

5th.

6 Ann. i8°

Rates. Ships Names. Men. Guns. M O "nl cd m Ships Names.

5‘h. Adventure - IOO 44 ^Basilisk

Arrundell - - .135 32 Blast - -

Betty - - - _ *35 . 32 Carcass

Bedford Gaily - - *35 34 Commett

Bridgwater - - ~ - *35 32 CO Fire-drake -

Charles Gaily - - - >35 3 Furnels

Dolphin - m - *35 32 > Granada

Experiment - - - - *35 32 JD g Mortar

Fowey - - - >35 32 Q PortGnouth -

Feverlham - - - - *35 32 HH Star

Gosport - - - *35 32 Salamander -

Hastings - - - >35 32 Serpent

Kinfale - - - *35 3 2 vTerrour

Lyme - - - - >35 32

Lynn - - *35 32

Loweftaffe - - - - >35 32

Looe - - - - *35 32 'Charlotte - -

Ludlow - - - *35 32 Cleaveland -

Terrible - - - >*5 26 Fubbs -

Mary Galley - - - *35 32 Henrietta

Mermaid - - - *35 32 Isabella

Milford - - - *35 3Z Isle of Wight

Pool - - - *35 32 CO J3 Jemmy

Rye - - - *35 32 u Katherine,

Sheerneffe - - *35 32 Mary - -

Shoreham - - - *35 32 Quinborough - -

Sorlings - - - *35 32 Soefdike

Speedwell - - - *5 26 Squirrell

Scarborough - - *35 32 St. Loe

Winchcliea - - - - *35 32 Scout -.

Soudadoes Prize assists the , Wm. and Mary -

Hulk, at Plymouth. 1 V. J

4*065 962 CO I -4- O (

CQ el j Express -

6th. Dunwich - - - I IO 24 J Eagle - -

Deal Castle - - - - IIO 24 t

Essex prize - - - 70 16 c ^m

Flamborough - - - I IO 24

Lizard - - - I IO 24

Maidstone - - - - no 24 Discovery - -

Marget - - - IIO 24 <L> s Dispatch -

Newport - - no 24 C Diligence - -

Penzance - - - no 24 crj ,£P j Fly -

Peregrine Gaily - - - 60 20 ' u pq Post-boy - -

Quinborough - - - IIO 24 Spye -

Swan - - - - I IO 24

Solebay - - - IIO 24

Sea Horse - - - IIO 24

Seaford - - - IIO 24 ^St. Antonio - -

' Bonetta -

1,560 348 Hound IV /f 1 - -

CO Merlin "

/Firebrand - - - 45 8 O* O O y Otter -

Griffin - - - 45 8 w — m \ C/D Prohibition -

Hunter - - 45 8 Shark -

.9* Hawk - - - 45 8 Swift -

1 ( Lightning - - 45 8 Swallow -

a ' Phenix - - 45 8 Woolf -

E Strombolo - - 45 S

Vesuvius - - 45 8

Vulcane - - - 45 8

4 ? Paramour - -

405 72 £ C t

CO U r-> l f Providence -

0 1 Martin -

<D to I 1.

,04 5 f Canterbury - -

cn J Greenfilh - -

Si 0 4J j Suffolk Hag-boat - "

469

Men. Guns.

3° 4

3° 4

3° 4

3° 4

65 18

3c 4

30 4

65 18

5° 10

25 8

35 12

30 4

30 4

480 98

3° 8

30 8

40 12

3° 8

45 8

6 4

4 4

3° 8

3° 8

5 4

35 8

4 2

2 4

2 —

40 12

333 98

40 IO

55 10

95 . 20

35 10

35 10

35 10

35 8 0

35 8

35 8

2 10 54

22 6

35 6

35 6

35 6

35 8

35 6

35 6

35 6

35 6

35 6

337 62

30 8

5° 10

35 8

8 2

70 10

*3 20

Vol. 15.

5 L Hulks

4io

18° Novemb.

A. 1707.

03

Skips Names.

i/i

as

3

>s

o

C/3

/'Arms of Rotterdam -Chatham -St. David -Exeter - *-

French Ruby Josiah -

Thunderbolt, prize Plimouth -Medway, prifce Successe -Lewis, prize St. George

Delight -Endeavour Forrester -Lighter -Mary gold -Non such -Owners Goodwill Sophia -Supply -Sheerness, Water-boat Transporter True Love Transport, Lighter Unity, Horse-boat Unity S Unity ad -

{Royal Escape -Flemifti, Long-boat -

| Tow Boats, two

Men.

1

7

fco

3

6

4

4 30 3°

5

5°

40

20b

7 5

4

5

3

8

5

8

4 1

5 5 5

Guns.

69

Abstract.

ift 2d

4th } Ra,eS '

S.

Fir<£ships -Bomb Vessels -Yatchs Advice Boats Brigantines Sloops

Pink -

Ketches Store Ships Huiks

Hoys -Smacks Tow Boats

Total

N° II. Am ACCOUNT of the Numbers, and Rates, of the Ships and Vessels, built, and otherwise added to her Majesty's Royal Navy, since the 4th of May, 1702.

— Rates. Built. Vi a. N £ To 0 £2 Converted. ►j < c- b Ui

Third - - 6 i 3 . _ 9

— Fourth - - 12 7 _ - - 19

— Fifth - - - 17 3 I 21

Sixth - 8 15 - - 23

_ Yatchs - 2 - . - - 2

— Sloops - - - 4 1 _ 5

— Store Ships - - - 2 I - - 3

— Hoys - - - 6 - - 2 - - 8

— Fire-ships 2 I 3

— Hulks - - 2 2

— Totals - - 55 3l 5 4 95

D. Mitchell, Rich. Hill, R. Walpole,

Geo. Churchill, H. Pagett, S. Fair borne.

N° II. Am ACCOUNT of the Numbers, and Rates, of her Majesty's Ships and Vessels, which have been loft, and otherwise decreased, since the 4th of May, 1702.

Number. Men. Guut.

7 5.308 692

14 8,834 1,260

47 2M53 3>442

61 1^,702 3>»j6

31 4,065 962

>5 1,560 348

IC 450 80

13 480 98

>5 333 98

2 95 20

6 210 54

10 337 62

1 3° 8

2 5° 10

3 1*3 20

12 206 — —

16 69 m

2 2 - - - "

269 58,995 10,290

Rates. Taken and destroyedby the Enemy. Loft by Shipwreck, See. Sold, and broke up, &c. Conversion. Total.

Second - - mm W — I 1

Third - - - 6 6 I I 14

Fourth - - 7 11 . - I IQ

Fifth - - - 5 2 3 I 11

Sixth - - - 5 2 2 _ 9

Fire-ships 1 n 3 I 7

Sloops - - 7 - 1 - - , 8

Brigantines - 1 - - - 2 - -: 3

Ketches - - 1

Store Ships - 1 1 - - 3

Bomb Vessels ‘3 3 . - - 6

Advice Boats 1 «, _ 1

Yatchs - - i . 1 " 1

Hulks - - 2 2

Pink - - - 1 1 - .1

Smack - - 1 i - - 1

Hoy - - - / 1 t 1 " " 1

Tow Boats - 2 2 1

Totals - - 35 29 1 21 4 91

D. Mitchell, Rich. Hill, R. Walpole,

Geo. Churchill, H. Pagett, S.

D. Mitchell, H. Pagett,

Geo. Churchill, R. Walpole,

Rich. Hill, S. Fairborne.

N* IIL

6 Ann.

i 8° Novembris.

411

N° III. Am ACCOUNT of what Ships and Vessels of War, of her Majesty's, have been taken, or destroyed, by the Enemy since the 4th of May, 1 jot, according to their several Rates; with the Times when. Places where, and by what Accidents; viz.

Time?* Rate. Guns. Ships Names.

1705 November 12 3d 70 Elizabeth - -

170^ Mar. 12 - - 3 7° Ileftauration -

1707 Maytft - -C 3 70 Grafton - -

i 3 70 Hampton Court

1707 OEloler 20 J 3 80 Devonshire - -

3 80 Cumberland -

1703 Apr. 10th - 4th 5° Salisbury - -

1704 July 24 - - 4 60 Coventry - -

1704 August4 - - 4 5° Falmouth - -

1705 0 Sober 20 - 4 5° Blackwall - -

4 5° Pendennis - -

1707 October 20 - 4 5° Chester -

4 5° Ruby -

170-}- Feb. 16 - - 5th 32 Ludlow -

1704 August 1 5 32 Fowey -

1705 October. 20 - 5 3* Sorlings -

1706 June 6 - -1706 July 28 - - S 3Z Winchelsea - -

5 3* Gosport - -

1703 Sept. 21 - - 6th 24 Squirrell - -

1705 October 10 - 6 24 Flamborough -

1709 July 3d - - 6 24 Deal Castle

D* - - 7 - 6 24 Squirrel the 2d

1707 August - - 6 24 Nightingale

1705 November 24 Fire-7 ship j 8 Lightning - -

1703 OS. 15 - - r Bomb Serpent - -

1704 D# 17 - - Bomb Terrour - -

1706 D° 10 - - Bomb Commctt - -

1703 Apr. 31 - - Ketch 10 Martin - -

170a Aug. 14 - - Sloop| 2 Guns, 7 4 Pat. i Prohibition

D° Aug. 18 - - Sloop 10 Swift -

1703 March 29 - Sloop V 2 Guns,-) 4 Pat. i Shark -

D* Apr. 19 - - Sloop 6 Swallow - -

1704 Ju.24 - - Sloop 6 Woolf -

1706 May 23 - - Sloop 10 Ferrit -

1702 Ju. lft - - Brig { 2 Guns, 1 6 Pat. 5 Post-boy - -

Where taken, or destroyed.

Southward of Scilly -On the Coast of Italy

jOff of Beachy -

In the Soundings - -

In the Soundings Coming from Holland

60 L* W. off Scilly -15 L‘ S. off Scilly

Coming from

jin the Soundings

Going to Holland Near Scilly -

Coming from Fleckery Off Raftings -

Going to Jamaica £ Between the Downs and Folkjton - -

Off Cape Spartell - -

Near Ostend - -

Off of Calais -

Near Harwich -

By what Accident.

By four French Ships of War. Burnt, to avoid the Enemy.

Dunkirk Squadron.

Blown up, when engaged with the Enemies Ships. A Squadron or Fr. Ships. By fourFrenchShips of War, and three Privateers.

Three of the Enemies Ships. Six French Ships of War.

A Squadron of Fr. Ships.

A Squadron of Fr. Ships.

Two Fr. Ships of War. Seven of the Enemies Ships. A Squadron of Fr. Ships. Four Fr. Ships, and a Snow. A Fr. Ship of 54 Guns.

j, By five Privateers.

A Fr. Ship of 54 Guns.

By three French Ships. Several French Ships.

By the Enemies Gallies.

A Privateer, of Guns.

A Privateer, of 24 Guns. Eleven French Boats.

By several French Ships. By two French Ships.

Coming from the Straits Coming from JV. Indies

Bay of Gibraltar -

Going to Lisbon - - -Near Jersey - -

find Srish Un.d'\EOd}By a French Privateer. Coming from New England French Privateer of 18 Guns,

French Ship, of 46 Guns, Some French Ships,

The Enemies Gallies.

By a French Privateer.

Off Isle of Wight - -

Coast of Holland -

Off of Diblington.

Off of Gravelin -

Off of Beachy - -

D. Mitchell, H. Pagett,

S. Fairborne,

Geo. Churchill, Richard Hill.

ABSTRACT.

N* of Guns - - -Of which of the Line of Battle

Guns. N°

80 2

70 - - - 4

60 — - - 1

5° - - - - 6

32 - - - m - - 5

24 m - - - - 5

10 - - - - 3

8 - 1

6 - - - - 2

4 - - - m 6

1,128 - - a* - - 35

800 - - - *3

Vol. 15

An

412 18° Novembri. A. 1707.

An ACCOUNT of What Ships and Vessels of War, of the Enemies, have been taken, or destroyed, by her Majesty's Ships, with the Times when. Place where, and by what Accident, since the 4th of May, 1702.

Time.

1702.

July

Sept.

oa.

11.

3-

1703.

Mar. June 19. July 6. August

Guns.

Dec. 8th.

Mar. 3. 14.

1704. April 14. June 1o.

July 4.

August 14.

28.

Sept. 6. November

Dec. Feb. 1.

Mar.

1705. May 19. June 1.

5*

October 3. Nov. 15.

1706, July5.

18

10

76

56

62

46

64

46

70

70

70

54

60

22

8

76

70

66

5°

5°

60

8

36

8

*4

18

8

6

Ships Names;

Where taken, or destroyed.

Rochester prize Postillion prize Le Fort - -Le Solidt - -

Le Prudent -Le Dolphine -L'Orflame - -

Voluntier - -

L'Eiperance -L'Superbe - -

Jesus Maria Joseph Buffoona - - -La Serein -L'Enterprenant -Choqnant - - -Le Prompt - -

Firme - -

L'Assurance - -Viego

Tryton - -

Moderate - -

Fire-ships four Scouts three -Galleons fix -Chatham prize Litchfield prize Orford prize -Name unknown Joyeule - -Royeufe - -Vidtoire - -Name unknown

L'Hogue - -

Coalt of Scotland -

- \ Destroyed,

- - \In the Harbour1 of Vigo

By whom, or what Ships.

Rochester, captain Owen. Worcester, captain limier.

- \Taken

Coast of France Soundings -Soundings -

Taken or burnt, near Granville

By the Fleet, commanded by

Sir George Rook.

Besides 41 Mercant Ships, burnt and destroyed.

Soundings -

54

30

3*

60

60

24

6

18

22

54

60

28

34

34

12

A Fire ship 6 14

84

86

24

24

24

24

60

24

70

5°

40

Hazardous

Tryton prize Swallow prize - -

Porta Coeli Santa Theresa St. Nicholas Nottingham prize Advice prize - -

Sun prize

rize - -

li . O rrefa - > las - -)

Off Scilly -

In the Straits

Taken, and carried to UJbon

Falkland - -

August - -

Medway prize

Soundings -Off Dukirk

Coming from Virginea

Soundings -Soundings -

1

f Run ashore,; and burnt f

1 Names unknown < J themselves, in the Bay of<

Gibraltar - - - L

Woolf {loop - - Re-taken.

Worcester prize - Off Beachy - - 1

Magnanime -Le Lis - Near Gib - - , 1.

Fox - - - - Soundings - -

Enterprize - Soundings -

Crutzer - - - Soundings -

Valeur - - - Soundings -

Arrogant - - - Off Gibraltar - -

Dunkirk prize - -

Santa Maria -

Flandria - - - Taken at Ofield - -

Queen of Spain L 1

Chatham, captain Litchfield, Lord Durjley.

Orford, Sir John Norris.

A Squadron of Ships under Command of Sir Ibo. Dilks.

Orford, Sir John Norris; Warfpight, captain;

Litchfield, Lord Durjley.

Tryton, captain Taylor.

Swallow, captain Haddock.

By a Squadron of Ships, commanded by Sir The. Dilks.

Nottingham, captain Whitaker. Advice, captain Morris. Litchfield, captain Bil/ingsly. Falkland, captain Dreadnought, captain Evans; Fowey, captain Broivn.

Chatham, captain Boketiham. Medway, captain Littleton.

Being surprized by a Squadron, commanded by Sir Leake.

Worcester, captain Butler.

Run ashore, and burnt, by a. Squadron, commanded by Sir J. Leak.

Tryton, captain Taylor.

Tryton, captain Taylor.

Tryton, captain Tay/or. Worcester, captain Butler.

Sir John Leake.

Dunkirk, captain

By a Squadron, under Sir Stafford Fairborn.

6 Ann.

i 8° Novembris.

4i3

Time.

July 10. 1707 May.

o

Ships Names.

24

22

l6

14

14

H

IO

24

3°

20

32

26

20

Where taken, or destroyed.

Neptune -Mollcat -Katherine St. Maria -Lady of Clare - -

King of Spain -Unknown

Betides above 50 Sail of Merchant Ships. Child's Play

By whom, or what Ships.

Taken at OJiend

Coming from Hambr6.

Grand Canary -Eguilier -Mariana -Margarett Palm

At Newfoundland -

{ByaSquadron of Ships under Command of Sir Stafford Fair borne.

By the Tarter, captain Leak, and Adventure, captain

Hicks.

By her Majesty's Ships, commanded by captain Underdown.

Abstract.

Memorandum: As to the Ships in this Lift, said to be taken at OJlend, they were rescued, from continuing in the Enemies Service, by her Majesty's Ships being off of that Port, and facilitating the taking it.

D.

Geo. Churchill,

Rich. Hill,

R. Walpole,

S. Fairborne.

Total Number of Ships

Guns.

86 84 7 6

70

61 64

62 60 56 54 50

46

40

36

34

32

N°.

1 t

2

5

6

1

3

3

1

1

1

2 2

Fire-ships Scouts -Galleons

Guns.

3°

28

26

24

22

20

18

16

12

10

8

6

2 1

1 8

3

2

3

1

6

1

2

4

3

2

3

6

80

An ABSTRACT, shewing the Numbers of French Ships, taken, or destroyed, by her Majesty's Ships since the 4th of May, 1702, and what they have taken, or destroyed, of ours to this Time.

French Ships, taken or destroyed.

Gun». Number.

86 - I

84 " - I

76 - - - 2

70 - - - 5

66 - - I

64 - - - - I

62 - - - I

60 - - . 6

56 - - - 1

54 - - - 3

50 - - - 3

46 - - - 1

40 - - - 1

36 - - - - 1

34 - - - 2

32 - - - 2

30 - - - 2

28 - - - 1

26 - - - 1

24 - - - - 8

22 - - - 3

20 - - - l

18 - - - 3

16 - - - 1

14 - - - 6

12 - - - 1

10 - - - 2

8 - - - 4

6 - - - - 3

Fire-ships - - - 2

Scouts - 3

Galleon -/). Mitchell, R. Walpole* - - 6

80

Geo. Churchill, H. Rich. Hill, 5. Fairborne.

Englifti Ships, taken or destroyed.

Guns.

80 -70 -60 -

5° -32 -

24 10 -8 -6 -4

Number.

2

4

1

6

5

5

3

1

2

6

35

Of which of the Line of Battle.

In all, 2,516.

French.

N*

25-

Guns in Line,

*>592

all,

English.

N°

*3-

and the Line,

In all, Line, 1,128. 800.

Betides the Ships, destroyed, and disabled, this Year at ‘Thoulon, (the which is yet uncertain) and the great Number of Privateers, and many of them of good Force, which have been taken from the Enpmy this War.

Vo 1. 15.

5 M

N* IV.

414 l8° Novembris. . 1707.

N* IV. A LIST of her Majesty's royal Navy upon the 14th of November, 1707, with their Complements of

Men and Guns, and where they are.

Rate. Ships Names.

iit. Royal Ann -

Britania

London -

Queen -

Royal Sovereign yidtory f

Royal William

td. Albemarle -

Barfleur

Blenheim -

Prince George -

St. George - -

Marlborough -

Neptune - -

Namhre -

Oflory -

Ramellies - -

Sandwich -

Tryumph - -

Vanguard -

3d. Assurance -

Berwick -

Boyne -

Bredah

Burford

Bedford -

Captain -

Cornwall - -

Chichester -

Cambridge -

Defiance -

Dorsetshire - -

.Expedition

Edgar -

Elizabeth - -

Essex -

Firm, prize -

Ipswich m

Humber m

)Cent - -

Lancaster -

Lenox

Monmouth

Norfolk

Newark m

Nassau -

N orthumberland -

Royal Oak - -

Oxford -

Rupert -

Russell

Ranelagh - -

Revenge - -

Restauration

Suffolk

Swiftfure -

Shrewsbury

Sterling Castle -

Somersett - -

Torbay -

Warfpight - -

Men. Guns. Wjbere they are.

780 IOO jPortfmpoth

- - 780 IOO Chatham

- - 780 IOO Ditto

- - 78° IOO Ditto

- - 850; I IQ Ditto

r - 780 IOO Portsrpopth

m 780 100 Ditto

5»53° 710

- - 680 96 Ditto

- - 680 96 Ditto

- - 680 §6 Woolwich

- - 680 96 Chatham

- - 680 9 Portsmouth

- - 680 96. Blackwall

- - 680 96 Chatham

- - 680 ?6 Portsmouth

- - 680 96 Deptford

- m 680 96 Portsmouth

- 680 96 Chatham

- - 680 96 Portsmouth

680 96 Chatham

8,840 1,248

- m 40a 66 Smirna

- - 440 70 Portsmouth

- - 520 So Blackwall

- m 440 70 Jamaica

- - 440 70 Soundings

- - 440 70 Portsmouth

- - 440 70 Ditto

- 520 80 Lisbon

- 520 80 Ditto

- - 500 - 80 Ditto

- - 365 64 Ditto

- - - 500 80 Portsmouth

- 440 70 Jamaica

- " 440 70 River

- - 440 70 Lisbon

- a. 440 70 Chatham

- 440 70 Ditto

- - 440 70 River Medway

m - 520 80 Chatham

- 44° 70 Soundings

- 500 80 Lisbon

- - 440 70 Chatham

m 400 66 Ditto

- - .500 80 Lisbon

- 500 80 Ditto

440 70 Spithead

*" m 440 70 Ditto

" - 500 80 Kinfale

— - 440 70 Portsmouth

m - 365 64 Lisbon

m 500 80 Deptford

*" 520 80 Blackftakes

- - 4 440 70 Lisbon

440 70 Ditto

- - 440 70 Chatham

- 400 66 Portsmouth

- 520 80 Lisbon

" " 440 70 Ditto

- $20 80 Portsmouth

- 500 80 Ditto

m 400 66 Lisbon

,6 An.N

r8° Nmetnbris

4*5

Rate. Ships Names. ;Men. iGuns. Where at present

Yarmouth - . m 440 7° River

70 Guns, building at 440 70 Deptford

19,650 3,13*

4th. Assistance - - - - 250 5° Jamaica

Anglesea - - - - 280 54 Scandaroone

Advice - - - 230 48 Newfoundland

Antelope - - - - 280 54 Soundings

August - - - 363 60 Ditto

Arrogant - - - - 365 60 Lifoon

St. Albans - - - - 280 54 Smirna

Briftoll - - - 280 54 Portsmouth

Bonadventure - - - *5° 50 Hamborough

Burlington - - - 280 54 Downes

Canterbury - - - 365 64 Spithead

Centurian - - - - 280 54 Lifoon

Chatham - - 280 54 Nore

Crown - - - 280 54 Deptford

Colchester - - - - 280 54 Portsmouth

Deptford - - - - 280 54 New England

Dover - - - 250 5° Soundings

Dartmouth - - - 280 54 Portsmouth

Exeter - - - 365 64 Spithead

Falkland - - - 280 54 Newfoundland

Dragon - - - 280 54 Deptford

Dunkirk - - - 365 64 Lifoon

Dreadnought - - - 365 64 Portsmouth

Gloucester - - - - 365 64 Chatham

Greenwich - - - - 280 54 Barbadoes

Guernsey - - - - 280 54 Spithead

Hampshire - - - 280 54 Soundings

Jersey - - - 280 54 Woolwich

Kingston - - - 365 64 Jamaica

Litchfield - - - 280 54 Kinfale

Leopard - - - 280 54 Leith

Moderate, prize - - - 365 64 Portsmouth

Mary - - m 365 64 Soundings

Medway - - - 365 64 Woolwich

Monk - - - 365 64 Leith

Mountague - - - 365 6 4 Portsmouth

Newcastle - - - - 280 54 Lifoon

Non such - - - - 280 54 Newfoundland

Norwich - - - 280 ' 54 Kinfale

Nottingham - - 363 64 Scandaroone

Oxford - - - 280 54 Portsmouth

Portland - - - 280 54 Jamaica

Pembroke - - - - 365 64 Kinfale

Panther - - - 280 5+ Portsmouth

Relerve - - - 280 54 New England

Rochester - - - - 280 54 Leith

Southampton - - - 280 r 1 54 Channel

Sunderland - - - 365 64 Spithead

Severne - - - 286 54 Jamaica

Swallow - - - 280 54 Downes

Salisbury - - - 280 5+ Soundings

Try ton - - - 230 48 Lifoon

Tygar - - - 239 48 Leith

Tilbury - - - 28p 54 Lifoon

Weymouth - - 280 54 Spithead

Woollwich - - - - 280 54 Kinfale

Wind for - - - 365 64 Jamaica

Warwick - - - - 280 54 Downes

Winchester - - - 280 54 Lifoon

Worcester r - - - 280 54 Hambrough

York - - - - 365 64 Lifoon

60 Guns! s' f Plymouth - 3 6$ 64 Plymouth

50 - -VI 3 -j Deptford - 280 54 Deptford

5« - - j m J [Woolwich - 280 54 Woolwich r

l % *93 3^608

V oi~ 15.

18° Novembris

A. 1707

Rate. Ships Names. ' Men. Guns. Where at present.

5th. Adventure - 190 4» Nore

Arundeil - - - 14 5 32 Plymouth

Bedford gaily - - *45 32 Southampton

Bridgwater - - *55 36 Ireland

Charles gaily - - l55 36 Soundings

Dolphin - - 115 28 Jamaica

Experiment - - *45 32 Ditto

Edenbrough - - *45 32 Channel

Falcon - - *45 32 Lisbon

Feversham - - - *55 3 6 Newcastle Convoy

Folkstone - - - too 42 Channel

Fowey - - *45 3» Li (bon

Go! port - - 190 42 Portsmouth

Greyhound - 190 42 S'leernefle

Garland - - 190 4* Briftoll

Hastings - - 190 42 Portsmouth

Hector - - 190 42 Leward 1 (lands

Kinfale - - *55 36 Newfoundland

Lime - - *45 32 Nore

Lcweftaffe - - - *45 3 2 New York

Lynn - - *45 3Z Barbadoes

Lark - - - 190 42 Newcastle Convoy

Looe - - - 190 42 Nore

Ludlow Castle - - *9° 42 Sheerneflfe

Mary gaily - - *55 36 Deptford

Mairmaid - - - *55 36 Nore

Milford - - *55 36 Li (bon

Poole - - *45 32 Ditto

Portsmouth - - 100 42 Leith

Rye - - - *45 32 Lisbon

Roebuck . _ 190 42 Sheernefle

Strombolo - - - *25 28 Newcastle Convoy

Sheernefle - - - *45 32 Kinfale

Shortham - - *45 32 Ireland

Speedwell - - - 125 28 Ditto

One building at Sheerncfs - 190 42 Sheernefle

Scarborough - *55 36 Jamaica

Swallow, prize - - *45 32 New England

Sorlings - - 190 42 Lisbon

Tartar - - *45 32 Soundings

Winchelsea - *55 36 Leward Islands

Soudadces, prize - 4 6,609 *,476 Assists the Hulk at Plymouth

6th. Advice, prize 90 18 Newfoundland

Alborough - *5 24 Lisbon

Chatham, prize - - - 55 8 Channel

Child's Play - *5 24 Leward Islands

Cruizer - - *5 24 Portsmouth

Dunwich - - *5 24 Channel

Deal Castle - - *5 24 Barbadoes

Dunkirk, prize - - *5 24 Jamaica

Enterprize - - - *5 24 Lisbon

Flambrough 1 *5 24. Harwich

Glafcow - *5 24 Chatham

Lyzard - - *5 24 Channel

Medway, prize -Maidfton - - - 110 28 Newfoundland

- - *5 24 Kinfale

Margate - - *5 24 Leward Islands

Newport - - *5 24 Newcastle Convoy

Nightingale - *5 24 Ditto

Penzance - - 1 *5 24 Channel

Peregrine gaily - - 50 20 River

Postillion, prize - - - 5° 10 Channel

Quinbrough - - *5 24 Newcastle Convoy

Rochester, prize - - - 85 18 Channel

Sun, prize - - - 110 22 Ditto

Swan - - *5 24 Leward Islands

Solebay - - *5 24 Channel

Seaford - - *5 24 Ireland

Tryton's prize *5 30 New York

6 An n. i$° Novembris. 417

Rate. Ships Names. Men. Guns. u, Where at present.

Valeur *4 Deptford

Worcester, prize - * 75 *4 Channel

24 Guns, building at Woolwich *«5 24 Woolwich

3»i5S 672

Griffin m 45 8 Deptford

w CL, Hunter 45 8 Portsmouth

i Hawke m 45 8 Jamaica

.s Terrible - ft. 45 8 Soundings

Vulture - 45. 8 Jamaica

Vulcan - - 45 8 Deptford

270 48

' Blast - 3® 4 Lisbon

Basilisk. m 3° 4 Ditto *'

JS Carcasse - m . 30 4 Deptford

i Furnace jo Portsmouth

Granada _ \ 3® -4 Lisbon

Starr - m 25 4 Woolwich

Salamander . - m 30 4 Deptford

205 28

'Charlotte - — m 3° 8 Ireland

Cleaveland - 3° 8 River

Drake _ 7 2 Plymouth

Fubbs - 40 12 Riyer

Henrietta - . _ 3° 8 Ditto

Isabella m 3° 8 Ditto

3* ( Isle of Wight - - m 6 4 Me of Wight

Jemmy - _ 4 4 Chatham

-w of Katharine - 30 8 River

>« Mary 3° 8 Ditto

Portsmouth _ m 6 4 Portsmouth

Quinborough 4 4 Sheerneffe

Soelclyke - ' . 40 8 Portsmouth

St. Loe Squirrill - 2 4 4 2 ^Chatham

wWm. and Mary - - 40 12 River

333 104

w rl O

.§ I Expressc - - 40 IO Channel

X3

' L

cn r

0 c Diligence - - - 45 IO Ditto

w § ' Di (patch - - - - 45 IO Ditto

.&) Fly - m - - 45 IO Ditto

eS

*35 3°;

r Bonetta . 5° , 6 Ditto

Drake - - - 85 14 Lisbon

in D-t Hound - - - 5° 8 Scilly

§ 1 Merlin - - - 5° 6 Channel

S3 Swift - - - 80 12 Ditto

Weazel - — - 80 IO River

Woolf - m - 5° 6 Ireland

445 62

il Providence # m

xt

Voi- If. 5 N

418

8d Novembris.

A. 1707*

Hate.

1

o

44

CO

Ships Names.

St. Joseph Elephant Suffolk Hag-boat

O

~ (

'-Delight *

Deptford Transport Forrester

Hamoze Transport Heyling . - -

Lighter -

Lyon

Marygold -

Non such -

Navy Transport * Plymouth Transport Runner Transport Sophia Supply

Sheerness Water-boat Transporter True-love -

Transport Lighter Unity Horse-boat Unity iff -

Unity 2d -

Woolwich Transport

Chatham -Content St. David -Exeter

French Ruby St. George Josiah

Kingsifher -Lewis, prize Medway, prize Plymouth -Successe Thunderbolt

s

-y r Royal Escape g \ Flemifli Long-boat

w (

Men.

45

70

*5

5

7

7

12

7

5

8

4

5 9

12

9

3 8

5

8

4

2

5 5 5

3

Guns.

12

20

3*

I-

*3*

7

60

4®

3

6

4°

18

r7

66

38

3°

329

ABSTRAC T.

Where at present.

Bristol

Portsmouth

Portsmouth

Deptford

Portsmouth

Plymouth

Portsmouth

Ditto

Chatham

Portsmouth

Deptford

Plymouth

Lisbon

Portsmouth

Chatham

Sheerness

Chatham

Portsmouth

Kinfale

Chatham

Ditto

Portsmouth

Woolwich

Chatham

Lisbon

Kinfale

Portsmouth

Ditto

Harwich

Woolwich

Deptford

Jamaica

Sheerness

Plymouth

Sunk at Sheerness for a Break-water Plymouth

Deptford

Chatham

N* Men. Guns.

I ft" r 7 5.53° 710

2 *3 8,840 1,248

3 4 i Rates a < 43 64 19,650 I9»295 3>i32 3,608

42 6,609 1,476

6 k. 3° 3>*55 672

Fire-ships 6 270 4*

Bomb Vessels m - 7 205 28

Yatchs - 1 333 104

Advice-boat m - 1 40 id

Brigantines 4 m - - 3 135 30

Sloops 4 - 7 445 62

Ketch 4 - - - 1

Store-ships 4 - 3 lx5 32

Hulks m - 12 329 —

Hoys . - - 22 138 —

Smacks m * 2 3 1

Totals - 279 65,092 11,160

Ordered,

dAisrtf. i $y NovembriSi419

Ordered\Th.it the Consideration of the said Lifts* and Accounts, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to take into Consideration the State of the Navy of this Kingdom.

Supply* Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service for the Year 1708, including Eight thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pound a Man per Menjem, be allowed for maintaining the said 40,000 Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1708.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Means, jgfojyg itfe]f into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this

tuiinioued. House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Half and Courts there* and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and fumtnon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly i And being returned;

Vacation of The Order of the Day was read, for the House to j Seats by take into Consideration the Lifts, and Accounts, which

M'ciptuig have been laid before the House from the respe Clive

1 Place* or r

Pensions. Offices,

TeoCons to And r- Lowndes presented to the House, A Lift of

Members. Pensions, payable to Members of Parliament out of her Majesty's Secret Service Monies.

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

A LIST of all Pensions, payable to any Members of the honourable House of Commons out of such Moneys, as are from time to time issued to me for her Majesty's secret Services j viz.

To William Coatjworth, Esquire, which he is

to enjoy during her Majesty's Life, according to a Signification under her Majesty's royal Sign Manual, bearing date the 8th Day of July, 1706* being by him purchased of the P«r Annum. Right honourable Henry Earl of , in — —

Part of a Pension of £. 1,500 per Annum, £ which her Majesty is pleased to allow to the said Earl ----- - 500

To Sir Charles Hedges, to continue, till he hath Possession of the Office of Judge of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury - - - 1,200

j Memorandum: This Pension, of £.1,200 per Annum to

I Sir Cha. Hedges, is now made payable at the Exclrequer

by Letters Patents, during the joint Lives of Sir Richard Raines (Judge of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury) and the said Sir Charles Hedges, if her Majesty shall lb long live.

Wm. Lowndes, ty November, 1707.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie Upon the Table* to ire perused by the Members of the House.

Vol.. 15.

Then the t-Joule proceeded to take the Lifts,' and Accounts, which have been laid before the House from the respective Offices, into Consideration.

And the Account of Grants, Patents* and Commissions, Grants of for Offices, passed in the Crown Office in Chancery, ot dated since the first of May last, was read, and is as followeth; viz.

N° I. A Commission, during Pleasure, nominating, constituting, and appointing, William Douglas, Alexander Wedderburn, John Montgomery, John Whetham, and David Ross, Esquires, Commissioners for Management of tire Receipt of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with the yearly Salary of £.300 to each of them. Tejle 22° Maii, 1707.

A Commission, during Pleasure, hominating, constituting, and appointing, Algemoon Earl of Effe Lord Lieutenant in the Tower Hamlets. Tejle 230 Maii.

A Commission, constituting Sir Andrew Hume, Baronet*

Wm. Dalrymple, Esquire, Sir Robert Sir Tho.

Burnet, Sir John Erjkines, Sir John Swinton, Sir James Campbell, Sir James Smallelt, Sir Patrick Johnflone, Sir Francis Grant, Baronets, George Raillie, John

John Bruce, William Seaton, John Clark, Alexander Abercromy, Mungo Grahme, John John Pringle,

Douglas, Daniel Campbell, Esquires, Sir John Knight, Jacob Reynardjon, John , and James

Houblon, Esquires, Commissioners, during Pleasure, for receiving, and disposing of, the Sum of £. 398,084. I or. and all other Moneys, which shall arise to Scotland for any Equivalents upon the several Agreements by the Treaty of Union; with Power to them, or any Nine or more of them, to call for, receive, and dispose of* the fame* pursuant to the said Treaty. Tejle 50 Junii.

A Commission, during Pleasure, constituting Sir Alexander Rigby, James IJaacJon, Esquire, Lionel Normal Esquire, Sir Robert Dixon, and William Boyle, Esquire, Commissioners for managing the Customs for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with the yearly Salary of £.400 to each of them. Tejle 50 Junii.

A Grant, during Pleasure, to John , Gentle-

tleman, of the Office of Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with a Salary of £. zoo per Anuum for himself* and £. 100 per Annum for his Clerks. Ttfle 130 Junii.

A Grant, during Pleasure, to Charles Graydon, Gentleman, of the Office of Receiver General and Cashier of all and singular the Revenues, arising by the Customs, Subsidies* Impositions, and other Duties whatsoever, for any Goods or Merchandize, imported into, or exported out of, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Territories thereunto belonging; with a Salary of £. 300 per Annum for himself, and £. 230 per Annum for his Clerks. Tejle 13* Junii.

A Commission, constituting his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark Generalissimo of all her Majesty'*

Forces within her Kingdom of Great Britain, and and elsewhere. Tejle 28' Junii.

A Patent, during Pleasure, granted unto William JeJfop, Esquire, of the Office of Second Justice of the Counties of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and with all

Fees, Profits, and Advantages, thereunto belonging.

Tejle 29® Julii.

The Scotch Excise Commission renewed, for the leaving out of Wm.Douglas, and putting in of Sir William

Douglas, of Kellhead. Tejle 5° Sept.

A Commission, during Pleasure, constituting and appointing Thomas Coleby, Henry Vincent, Kendrick Edisbury,

Thomas Harlow, Denzill Onslow, Thomas Bere, and Tho. Reynolds, Esquires, Commissioners for the ordering, and victualing, her Majesty's Navy, with tire yearly Salary of *£.400 to each of them. Tejle 16* Septembris.

A Commission, during Pleasure, ordaining, constituting, and appointing Sir Richard Haddock, Knight,

Ddniel Furzer, William Lee, Charles Sergifon, Dennis Lyddell, Henry Greenhill, Benjamin Ty mew ell. Geo. St. Loe,

George Toilet, Lawrence Wright, Esquires, Sir Wm.

Gifford, Knight, Anthony Hammond, Esquire, Sir Tho.

Hcpfon,

Aldborou^h

Writ.

Army

Agents.

4.2O

18° Novembris.

A 1707.

Hopfon, Knight, Wright, and

Townsend, Esquire;-, her Majesty's Commissioners, in Quality of principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, with the yearly Salary of £. 500 to each of them. Tejle 6® OHobris.

A Commission, nominating, authorizing, constituting, and appointing, Daniel Blake, Heron, Abraham Magny, Evert Jollyvet, and Geo. Esquires, Commissioners for putting in Execution the Act of Parliament, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and Stage Coaches, with the yearly Salary of /. 100 a-piece. Telle 13* Oblobris.

Geo. Cler. Coronas.

' There are several other Officers in Chancery, through which Patents pass; viz the Hanaper Office, Petty Bag Office, and Patent Office.

And several Clauses in the Act, of the fourth and fifth Year of her Majesty's lleign, intituled, "An Act for the " better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England " in the Protestant Line,'* relating to disabling several Officers to lit in Parliament, were again read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of IVm. JeJfop, Esquire, who hath accepted of an Office of Profit from the Crown since his being a Member of this present Parliament.

Then several other of the Lifts and Accounts were read> and are as follow; viz. N° II. and III.

N® II. A LIST of the Names of the Agents of the several Troops and Regiments under the Care of the Paymaster General of her Majesty's Guards and Garisons, &c.

First Troop of Horse Guards Second Troop -

Third Troop -

Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Horse Guards Brigadier Carpenter's Dragoons -Earl of Essex' Dragoons First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Guards -Sir Tho. Pendergajl' % Regiment -

Major General Mor daunt's Lieutenant General Erie's Lord Paston's -Colonel TownJhencPs -

Colonel Livejay' % - - - ‘

Brigadier HandafycPs - - ,

Colonel Whetham's -

Colonel Lillingston's

Company at "Newfoundland Four Companies at New York -Independent Company of Foot at

Bermudas -Pay-Office.

12 November, 1707.

John Wilkes Francis Wright Andrew Chadwick John Payne Charles Williams Nathaniel Carpenter Robert Perryman Benj. Sweet John Alilon Tho. Southerne Tho. Pennington John Paine Charles Aldcroft Benedict It hell

Robert Gardner John Gough John Thurston William Sloper Charles Nodtn

J. How.

N® III. An ACCOUNT of all Pensions, which arc paid by the Paymaster General of her Majesty's Guards and Garisons, &c.

Per Annum.

jC* S‘ d. 150 ——

273 IS —

109 10 —

54 iS —

100 — - — 36 10 —

Captain Edward Harrys -

To the Agent of Lieutenant General Ingoldjbys Regiment, for the use of Lieutenant Colonel Mor.targyer To Captain Philip Griffin - -Captain John Pitt - -

Widow of Colonel Babington, for the Support of herfelfj and Family Lieutenant Meoles - -

Aaron Darby James Savage

Pay Office,

12 November, 1707.

£ s. d. 36 10 — 18 5-

l 779 J —

J. How.

N® IV. The LIST of the Commissioners, and Sub-commissioners, Secretary, and Receiver, of the Prizes, was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Anthony Duncomb,

Nicholas Pollexfen,

Fleetwood Dormer,

John Evelyn,

Thomas Baker,

Anthony Burnaby, Esquire, Secretary.

John Brewer, Esquire, Receiver General.

Paul Burrard, John Sands, Henry Hooke, Samuel Foot,

Esquires, Sub-commissioners Portsmouth.

Esquires, Sub-commissioners

Plymouth.

Commissioners for Prize*.

Esquires, principal Commissioners. The Three first resigned their Offices to my Lord Treasurer the nthlnstant.

at

at

Edward KnatchbullA Esquires, Sub-commissioners at John Chetwin, } Dover.

Abra. Stanyon, Esquire, Sub-commissioner at Bristol. Prize Office,

12 November, 1707. T. Baker.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to H«y<V» the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hey don, in the County of York, in the room of Anthony Duncomb, Esquire, he having been one of the Commissioners of Prizes since the Commencement af this present Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Great the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Nicholas Pollexfen, Esquire, he having been one of the Commissioners of Prizes since the Commencement of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chipping the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wyccmh electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for v m* the Borough of Chipping Wycomb, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Fleetwood Dormer, Esquire, he having been one of the Commissioners of Prizes since the Commencement of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to NewRonanej the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of New Romney, in the room of John Brewer,

Esquire, he having been Receiver of the Prizes since the Commencement of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Paul Burrard, Esquire, he having been a Sub-commissioner of Prizes since the Commencement of this present Parliament.

Writ.

Lymingtojr

Writ.

Then several other of the Lifts, and Accounts, were read, and arc as follow; viz. N® V. VI. VII. VIII. and IX.

N* V. A LIST of the Names of the Governors, and Lieutenant Governors, of the Plantations under her Majesty's immediate Government in America.

CJofeph Dudley, Esquire, Governor; New Hampshire,< John Usher, Esquire, Lieutenant Go-

(. vernor.

Massachusets Bay Joseph Dudley, Esquire, Governor. Nciv York - - Lord Cornbury, Governor;

{Lord Combury, Governor;

New Jersey - } Richard Ingoldsby, Esquire, Lieutenant (, Governor.

Maryland,

Plantation

Gencroox*.

Fenfiotf.

6 Ann.

Maryland -

Virginia -

'Jamaica

tS* N<mmbris.

42t

C

<3

3

' Nevis <s u*

Anttgoa *3. & . fe

{ Moitn/ferat if

— O

St. Chrifophers '3 a P

Bermuda

John Seymour, esquire, Governor. Robert Hunter, esquire, Governor.

Walter Hamilton, esquire. Lieutenant Governor. John Ycamans, esquire.

Lieutenant Governor. Anth. Hodges, esquire.

Lieutenant Governor. Michael Lambert, esquire. Lieutenant Governor.

(Benjam. Bennet, esquire, Lieu-t tenant Governor.

Agents Names.

Rhode Illaud ConneElicut

Penjilvania -

Carolina

BahamaBlands

Stamford,

Dartmouth,

r

A LIST of the Governors, and Lieutenant Governors, in the Proprietary and Charter Governments in America.

'Is governed by a Governor, and Company, which Governor if annually chosen there.

Is the fame.

Wm. Pen, esquire, is Proprietor, and Governor; f John Evans, esquire, Deputy Governor.

CSir Nathaniel Johnson, Governor, " \ under several Proprietors,

Are under several Proprietors, but at present there is no Government, or Governor, there. Herbert, J.

Ph. Meadowesit.

Agents Names.

For what Regiments*

John Barker Paul Boyer Charles Le Bass -David Campbell -Nath. Carpenter -Andrew Chadwick Ben. Drake Fran. Eliifon

Patrick Gordon -1

John Graham *

r

Robert Gardner -

William Hamilton John Gough John Mann John Merrill Geo. Nodes Ne a digate Owlley John Pain

Theo. Parsons —

John Pitt -

Vol. If.

Peter Potter

Robert Perryman Anthony Roque -Wm, Sloper Simon Sloper Marmaduke Soyll Silvester Steukley Tho. Southerne -William Spencely David Symonds James Taylor

Jacob Vincent

Edward Weftcomb Jonath. Watson

John Wilson John Wilkes

For what Regiiriento.

' Tirawley's, Hill's, Hotham's, Wat-" kins's, and Allen's, Foot.

Elliott's Foot.

Bloffect's Foot,

Cadogan's Horse.

Pepper's Dragoons.

Hamilton's Foot.

Lord North's and Wade's Foot;

Orrery's Foot.

Harvey's Foot.

Sybourg's Foot.

Lumley's Horse Sc Bretton's Foot* i Nassau's Dragoons, and Magnij'a h Foot.

Orkney's Foot.

Webb's and Howe's Foot, f Ingoldby's, Sabine's, Blood's, ami " i. Barrymore's Foot.

f Stuart's, Brudenell's, Evans's, and "i. Meredith's, Foot.

Memorandum: There are no Pensions paid out of the Pay Office for the Forces abroad.

J.

Ah ACCOUNT of her Majesty's Pensioners, &c. paid Pensioner*: the honourable Spencer Compton, esquire.

Per Annum.

N*. VI. Pensions, payable out of the Poll Office, during her Majesty's Pledure.

Mr. William Brockett, by Privy Seal, £. bearing date the aoth. July, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign - 400.

Mr. Charles Osborne, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal, bearing date the jd of November, in the lft Year of her Majesty's Reign - 909

Mr. Guy Palmes, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal, bearing date the 4th of , in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign ixoooo

N°. VIL A LIST of Agents, who receive Moneys at the Pay Office for the Use of her Majesty's Forces, acting in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies.

Gorge's Foot.

Montandre's Foot.

French Dragoons.

Duke Arguyle's Foot.

Caulfield's Foot.

Newton's Foot.

Tatton's Foot.

Raby's Dragoons.

Earl Stair's Dragoons and Preston's Foot.

Laloe's Foot.

Bowles's, Alnut's, Southell's, Kerr's, Farrington's, and Mac Cartney's, Foot.

Earl Portmore's Foot.

Mohun, Stanwix's, & Sankey'sFoot. R ofs's Dragoons,& Mountjoy'sFoot. Temple's Foot.

Mordaunt's Foot;

Wood's Horse.

Palme's Horse, and Pearce's Foot. Duke Schenberg's Horse, and God-fry's Foot.

Pearce's Dragoons.

To the Mayor and Churchwardens of tVindfor, towards the Support of the Poor of New Windsor - -

To the said Mayor and Churchwardens, towards the Lgls, by them sustained in their Church and Poor Rates, by Inclosures of Land, laid into the Park, called Windsor Little Park To the Vicar of Old Windsor, in lieu of Tythes for Land, laid into Windsor Great Park -To the Rector of the Church of Hampton, in lieu of Tythes for Land, inclosed in the Park at Hampton Court

To the Churchwardens of the Parish of Hampton, towards Support of the Poor of that Parish -

To the Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, towards Support of the Poor -

To the said Churchwardens, towards Support of the Hospital in Tuttle Fields -To the Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martins, towards Support of the Poor there -

To the Churchwardens of St. fames' Parish, towards Sopport of the Poor there ——

To George Sayers, esquire *

To Henry Bulstrode, esquire To John Remy De Montigny, esquire -To Mr. Abraham Kemp -

To Mrs. Dorothy Cafon -

To Mrs. Martha Lockhart

To Mrs. Dorothy Ireland -

To Henry Killigrew, esquire To Mrs. Susanna Barry -

To Mrs. Maty Lee - *

To Mrs, Elinor Rosie.

To Mrs, Frances Barrow - -

To Mrs. Mary Alhton -

To Mrs. Dorothy Torway -

To Mrs. Mary Lance -

To the Bishop of London, for the Mi-?

nifters in New Hngland - - -J

To Mrs. Mary Doiley, Walter

SO

5° ——

jo — —

H — —

31

5° ——

JO ——

JO -

100 —

jo ——

JOO -T- —

IJ° ——

IJO ——

40 ——

900 -I- —

JOO — — ICO — —

Ijo ——

4° — — JO - -

40 ——

30 ——

30 ——

JO — ~ 20 — — '

100 — —

40 -

T9

Pensioners.

422

18° Novembris.

A. 1707.

3

To the Lady Pretwich -

To Monsieur Nevill, for House-rent To La Fountain, for Harman's Children To Mr. Geo. Holder -

To the Dutch and French Church To Mr. Richard Miller, for Brafley's Children -

To Mr. Richard Cawthorne To the Churchwardens cf Kensington To the English Church at the Hague To Midam de Venneville -To Madam Justell -To Mr. Rowland Brock To Mrs. Kath. Rufiell To Dame Ehz. Hamilton -To Monsieur de V allure To Mrs. Ann Richbell -

To Mis. Alice King -To Mrs. Ann Eden -

To M rs. Williamina Bunce To Dame Sarah Newcomen To Mr. William Conyers -Mrs. Ann Fitzharris Mrs. M iry Stedman M rs. Mary Mitchell Mrs. Martha Franceys -Mrs. Isabella Gwillins -Mrs. Rabfey Srmthfbey Mrs. Eiiz. Reynolds Eliz. Disney -

Ann Disney -

Mrs. Ursula Church Mrs. Kath. Ironmonger Mrs. Sophia Neviil Mrs. Susanna Woodward Airs. Martha Baftin Heller de Civiil -

Mrs. Mary Brinknall T'.->mas Fry -

Tho. Gummyns -

Ann Head -

Kath. Robarts -

Joan Lance -

Susanna Clark -

Eliz. Jennings.

Job Atkins - -

Dame Eliz. Lenthali Ann Silver -Richard Yeats

Kath. Tessin -

Mrs. Margaret Jolliffe -

John Step ens -

To Magdalen Thomas

Hester Walker -

Elinor Pendrill -

Ann de Veil -

Maigaret Abernethy v' Jane Pigott -

Sarah Huffey -

Aymee Dubat -

Mary Barnier -

Hester Vcrange/ille Susanna de Champigny -Eliz. Marmande -

Susanna Petit

Mary and Magdelen de Alix -Ellen Morgan -

Mrs. Susanna Foxton -Sarah Miller -

The Society of the French Gentle-7

women at the Hague To Eliz. Bedford Margaret Whittle M *rtha Simpson -Margaret Monii'on MaryBoc9ck

Per Annum.

£. s. d.

40 ——

20 ——

40 ——

2z ——

17 iz —

44 ——

50 ——

125 -

30 ——

49 ‘O —

60 — —

40 ——

25 ——

44 ——

60 ——

40 ——

100 ——

100 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

40 ——

20 ——

50 — — 20 — — 20 — —

1 o -

20 ——

20 — —

40 ——

40 ——

40 ——

20 ——

zo --- —

30 ——

20 -

IO —

IO ——

IO — —

IO ——

IO ——

10 ——

10 ——

IO ——

10 — —

IO -

IO ——

IO ——

20 ——

12 ——

IO ——

20 ——

2® — —

5° ——

20 ——

20 ——

20 — —

20 ——

20 — —

20 ——

20 — — 20 ——

40 ——

40 ——

10 — — -

100 ——

*3 4

200 -

40 — —

40 ——

50 — —

40 ——

40 ——

Per Annum.

£ s. d.

Theo. Garlick - 3°

Milbourn Maddox — mm 30

Thomas Smith - w 30

Mathias Aifcough - 30

Rich, Letham - 30

Sarah Ross - - - - 3°

Frances Mackenzie - 40

Mrs. Sarah Matthews - - 100 — —

Bernard Gates, for him £.40, andl

for the Maintenance of a Turkish > 80

Girl, £.40

Mr. Richard Bradley - 40

Rowland Pierce - r* 40

Susanna Benson - - 50

Gregory Genuine m 30

Joyce Greeting - 22

Dame Jane Douglas, and Daughter 70

my Lord Almoner, for private Pen- > ' 8r>o

lions and Charities - -s

him more, for the Arabick Professor}

at Oxon - - - - i 160 — —

John Earned Grabe m m 100 -

Aymee Dartiqueneave - . 20 — *

Ferdinando Gaffarelli m mm 20

Mrs. Eliz. Grove - - IOO —

Mr. Walter Butler - 30

Theodore Ballifis - 150

Kath. Hildefley - - 50

Mary Shelley 20 —

Eliz. Oliver — m 40

Eliz. Tatterfill m . 20

Eliz. Harris - 20

Eliz. Bernard - # IO

John Edmonds -Henry Quinn -.

Teresa Wroughton -

Rich. Drury -

Bernard de Vigneau -Samuel Pack -

Mary Simons - - - -

To Katherine Buck -

Prances Otway -

Sarah Marshall -

Mary St. Lo

Mary Watkins - -

Eliz. Atkinson -Karh. Devenish -Dorothy Wanley -Hester Dawson -

Elinor Claufon -

Thomas Andrews -Thomas Green -Sarah Wright -

Mary Aufton -

John Gerrard - -

To the Countess Dowager of

towards maintaining her Son, the

young Earl of Lincoln - - -J

Mr. William Killigrew John Baptist Draghi -Ann Cary, towards Maintenance ofl her Son, Lucas Henry Viscount> Falkland - - -j

Susanna Dutchess de la Force Caftilinia Countess of Cavan, towards Maintenance ofheryounger > Son - - - - -J

To Edward Howard, esquire To Colonel Phil]. Howard -Judith Sturton -John Goflin - -

Eliz. Ramsey -

Lady Margaret Mackarty The Vicar of Hampton -To Lucrece de Chemay -

Claude Davenneys <

20 — — 40 — —

20 — —

80 ——

10 ——

2® ——

t£ ——

io ——

15 ——

JO ——

10 ——

70 ——

70 ——

70 ——

30 — —

8 ——

20 ——

9 -

20 ——

8 ——

19 ——

200 — —

150 ——

100 ——

200 ——

5 00 ——

50 ——

150 ——

120 — —

30 ——

5° ——

100 ——

200 ——

5 " —

5° ——

40 ——

Mary

6 Ann.

18° Nccvembris.

Mary and Ann La Borde -

Kath. Mary de Hubai - 4

Ifabeau de Brafsley -Henritte de Hautcharmoy -Judith Brugguier -

Eliz. Vebron Mary Bondob *

Maiy VerVeillori 4 - 4

Efiz. Hautilair - -

Charlotte Mafy Malleray -Blanche Tournier -

Lowife and Amiee Laumaugere -Mary Berault - -

" Jane de Suflai -Mary and Silly Dumont - -

Louile de Launay -

Francois and John Marioge - -

Susanna de Culan St. Meme 4

Ann Benigne Difgrovais - 4

Mary Jolly de Chadignas -Charlotte Pommeau -

Charlotte Montguion -Susanna le Cercle * k

Mary de Champagne *

Mary and Kath. Laferriere

Henriette and Mary Louvigny Judith Beconne -

Esther,. Mary, and Susanna, Cham-planier -

Mary and Susanna Bette - -

To Bernardine Falquerolles

Frances Pafquet - -

Anne Gabrielle Montmillan Angelique Doudar - - 4

Francoife Sarrette - ' 4

Mary Dubreville - »

Mary Jouneau - -

Mary Chabennes - - 4

Ester and Lucrece Longueverque*4 Madeline Touchimbert *-

Madeline Dornaunt - -

Andre Perre, and Anne Henriette La primanday -

Eliz. and Kath. Tourton Susanna la Pennotier

Mary St. Fauflevicoufe *

Susanna Marolles - *

Emeraud le Grand *

Susanna de Serrieres -

Mary de Rozell - -

Helenne and Margaret Marancin -Eliz. de la Barr -

Henriette de Bellefond, alias Harbert Henriette de la Largere Claude Duncan

- Kath. Sieclar -

Jaqueline Godeau de la Roche -Eliz. Perigox 4 -

Charlotte Dangeau Henr;ette Mary la Muce Mary de Lille -Vidtorie Perdaillon To Katherine Dolton Artne de Langrague -

Susanna de Renevall

Anne de Boifruilfeau -

Frances Plunket

Anne Paltock -Peter Perfoode, esquire Henry Quinn - Mr. Peter la Touch -

Sir Winwood Mtnvat Mr. Matthew Clark

John Lauze Tho. Chamberlaine You 15.

Per Annum . 24 — —

- 20 — —

- 20 —

- 36 — —

12 — '

12 — —

- 20 — —

- 12 —

25 — —

w 24 — '

*5

im 3° —

- 12 — —

12 — —

3° —

20 —

— —

12 —

lb *5 — —

m 12 —

12 —

l5 — —

*5 — —

40 — —

- *4 — —

3° — —

m lS — — 6

] 24 — —

20 —

12 —

6 — -

*5 — —

12 —

12 — —

12 — —

10 — —

12 — —

20 — —

18 ——

18 — —

i *5 — —

33 — —

- 25 — —

- It —

- 12 — —

- 2 — —

im 18 —

- 12 — —

- 40 — —

m 25 — —

4m 25 — —

50 —

- 20 — —

im 25 — —

- 17

- 20 — —

A 100 . —

3° — —

50 — —

30 — —

m 3° — —

- 50 —

A 9 — —

- 3° — —

- 30 — —

40 — —

- 100 — —

20 — —

5° —

- 40

- 20 — —

- 5° — —

- 18 — ——

Oswald Fawne -

Eliz. Duke - -

Ann Goumey - -

Margaret Barker - -

Sarah Bridgman -

Deborah Rolefton 4 -

Kath. Harlackenden Sarah Okeover - 4 -

Eliz. Macdonnell -

Winifrid Whaley - - 4

Magdalen Cunningham 4 4

Eliz. Mackraken - - - 4

The Duchels of Holjl 4 Dr. Cookburn, Minister of the EngliJK\ Church at Amsterdam - ‘,) To Colonel Richard Bagott -

Major Hill - -

Hading Baldock -

To William Fachin .- 4 - 4

John Bullon 44444 John Brerers 4 4 4 - 4

Frances Jones, and Ann Lloyd . -The Afternoon Preacher at Ken-

£ s. d.

Per Annum.

18 — .___Penfotwfti

4 ——

20 ——

3* ——

3° ——

4° ——

30 ——

30 ——

J° -

30 — —

30 ——

200 — —

60 ——

100

5°

27

27

27

27

100

7

7

7

7

6

6

6

6

lington -

Thomas Brown -Eliz. Richards Alice Shipton 4

| 20 — —

5°

20

20

For the Preneh Chapel at St. James's.

To Mr. John Menard - - - 4 16b

Mr. Abraham Gilbert - - - 160

Mr. Philip Menard - - - - 160

John Peter Brilac - - - - 40

Frederick Furton ? - - - 10

To the said John Menard, or to the first Minister of the said Chapel, for providing Bread and Wine for the holy Communion - -

I ii-

For the Patch Chapel at St. James's

To Mr. Bernard Hoefnagel - -

John Peter Nuicla 4 4 -

Sebaftin VanderEick

Frederick Furtori.

To the said Bernard Hoefnagel, or to the" first Minister of the said Chapel, for providing Bread and Wine for the holy Communion -

To him more, for providing of Candles," and other NeCeflaries for the said Chapel -To Magdaleri de Alix - -

To Magdaleri de ll Chefney 4

Mary de la Chefftey - 4

Captain Roger Raven 4 4 4

Alice Vaughan - 4 4

Amelie de Stirutn 4 -

Mary Urfeline de Stirum John Pellet - 4 - 4

Amila Keylers 4 4 4 4

Claude de Venneville 4 4 4

Constance de la Marie 4

Anne de Cloux 4 4

Borina Green de Percour 4 4

Hellene and Margaret Marancine -~ Tabitha Haughton 4 - -

Etiz. Lebar - 4

Henriette and Mary Louvigny Eliz. Colvert -

Mary Marshall 4 - -

Kath. Seigler -

"Charlotte Killi°;reyr ♦

160 — 4 — -

160 ——

30 - —

5 —

8 12 — -

12 — —

20 ——

20 -- —

20 — ---

27 6

20 — —

5° ——

50 ——

60 — —

24 —

20 ——

20 ——

IO — 7- —

20 — ---

SO ~ —

IO -r---

2 lO —

30 ——

30 ——

30 ——

25 ~ —

200 ——

Henry

Ptnfionen.

424

18" Nbvembris.

A.

1707.

Per Annum.

and

3 s

led to I Use oft

iim to

Henry Foubert, esquire Rich, and Grace Sydenham Ui&oria Slingsby Amy Goldefborough Eliz. Hall Margaret Pretty Jane Bell - -

Jane Berkley -Katlk. and Mary Armstrong.

Wm. Farvfhaw, esquire Susanna Leighton Ta Elizabeth Slingsby - -

Ann Duke . -<

Mary and Penelope Huttoov Margaret Russel, each

64....

Ann and Magdalen Ross -Margaret Buss, and Anne Collins Dame Mary Slingsby ->

Sir John Chardin, being intended bo remitted by him. for the Use the Vandtis Ministero -To Ditto, to be remitted by him the Schole of Offen -To Ditto, for the v Use of Monsieur-t Anaud

To Abeil Tallin D'Alonne, esquire To Benjamin P )wer, a Schoolmasterl at lPappiHgt for teaching SeamenoP Children - - J

To Thomas Hyde, and Eliz. his Wife -Eliz. Minihall - -

Eliz. Wandesford -

Judith Fitzharris -

Margaret Croiffet -

Heller Gohin -

klehemiab Arnold, for the Mainte-,) nance and Education of Sufenna ( Arnold.

Sarah Brown -Susanna do Mollies -Marg. de V illeneuve Jane de Milliere Magdalen Vaudiere -Eliz. Sixty Dalem -

Magdalen de la Martinere To Utelia Aftley - -

Anne Daniel de Grangue -Jean de to Salle Eliz. Sallimanne

JL s* 4.

- m «5P --

- - 4P — —

- " ZQr — -r-.

- 4 20 — ' —

zo

- w' zo - —

too —

- - 2Q0 —

- ZOO —

lOp —

ZO —

- 4£ U 6

36 ia

60 — —

4$ — — r 4p ——

4»5 — —

3» -

100 ——

300 — —

40 ——

50 ~ —

So ——

50 ——

20 ——

20 ——

>5 ——

30 ——

11 —

40 ——

40 ——

3P ——

3° -

30 ——

30 ——

40 ——

40 ——

40 ——

40 ——

Mary and Kath. du Chad - - 20

Susanna de Cantiran - - 40

Judith de Roux - - 20

Susanna de Chamier - - - »5

Edward Purcell - ao

Frances Purcell - - - 20

Richard Elford - IOQ

Frances Ralegh - - - 6q

Rebecca Flower w - 2#

Susanna Pallier - 30

Ann Bing - m ' 40

Suftnnah de Blanche - - 20

Mrs. Eliz. Waggot - - - 80

Dame Barbara Killigrew - - IS®

Mrs. Mary Killigrew - - IOO

Mrs. Rebecca Pauldron - - - 25

Sir John Macleane - - 365

Captain Geo. Porter - - 260

Captain Rich. Fisher - 260

Captain Wm. Boyce - 156

Tho. Bantran - - - 78

Robert In wood m 78

John Lunt - - - S2

Edward Brown - - 36

Mrs. Mary Walter -Kath. de Bourbon -Henritte de Pons Thors -Frances Bew ----- To Mark Anthony Devaflines D' Mon-") call, and Magdalen his Wife -

The Counters Dowager of Arlington -John House - -

Mr. Flournoy, for the Counlefi of) Clancarty's Children J

Mrs. Townshend -

The Sub-almoner, for the Lady 7 France* Keightley - - f

A Chaplain at Albany in New To the Lady Fitzharding, for Colonelj Henry Villars* Widow and Chil- dren ----- J

Per

20

lo

40

IOO

1,000

60

1,000

IOO

aio

5°

300

Annunti

s. d.

N* LX. An ACCOUNT of the Pensions, paid in the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office.

Per Annum.

Pcofionfc

To the Right honourable the Lady"} Viscountess Fitzharding, who was Go- f verness to his late Highness the Duke of £ Gloucester - - - - J

To Simon Cook, a superanojuated) Yeoman of the Guards j

To Thomas Smith, D* -

To Seven superannuated Watermen") viz. William Dover, James Enfield, True I Hart, John Humphreys, James Lucas, P John Stedwell, and Mark Smith, £. 3. I 2s, 6d. per Annum each - - J

£. s. d, 600 — —

15 ——

*5 —

21 17 6

£.651 17 6

4gi...u..u.jL rurtg.r.r

Treasurer of the Chamber's.

Office, 13 Nov. 1707,

Giraudeau.

N* X. A LIST of the Names of the Commissioners for Comm if-

sick and wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners f>c

at War, was read, and is as followeth j viz. ^'ck *?d.

W#undeA

Philip Herbert, esquire. Dr. Richard Adame,

Dr. Thomas Lawreme, . Dr. Peter Sylvejire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ity* Wrto the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the Room of Philip Herbert,

Esquire, he having been a Commissioner of the sick and wounded Seamen since. the Commencement of this, present Parliament.

Then the reGdue of the Liftsand Accounts, were read, and are as follow; viz.

N* XI. " Luno, 10 die Nov. 1707. " Ordered, That the Officers of the respective Offices,

" whereout any Pensions, during Pleasure, are paid, do " lay before this House, An Account of the said Pensions, and of the Names, to whom the same are " payable.

Paul Jodrelt,

Ckr. Dorn. Com."

In Obedience to the Order above-mentioned, I am directed by the Commissioners of the Customs to inform this honourable House, that no Pension, during Pleasure, is paid, to any Person out of my Office.

14 November, Hen. Feme, Receiver General

1707. of the Customs.

N* >11.

6 Ann. i 8°

425

Commissioners for Transportsi

N* XU- To the honourable the House of Commons.

A Lift of the Names of the Commissioners of Transports, humbly presented by the said Commissioners; viz.

Transport Office, 14 Nov. 1707.

Samuel A

Nicholas 1Thomas

N# XIII. The Names of the present Commissioners for Commission-granting Wine Licences, are as follow viz.

Wine Licence Office* 1*1 Novembert 1707.

Thomas La*

John Harwood Robert Low,

Thomas Goo

William Congreve,

\ Esquires.

Samuel Hunton, Accomptant*

1

Vol. 15.

A LIST

i^-

D

cq"

i — h

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo

FT

N* XIV. A LIST of the PENSIONS, and other like Allowances, as they Hand in the Ordinary Estimate of the Navyr Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, of the iotli Instant.

3 K X 2

?*-<

rr: 5 so Z

7 3'

Q\

PENSIONS, &c.

John Moyle, Superannuated Surgeon of a 2d Rate, the French Ruby.

John Fournier, a Bomb Vessel Builder, as required ——

Robert Pearfe, Superannuated SOrgeon of a ad Rate, the Duke ——

Tho. Wiggens, Superannuated Carpenter of the Sandwich, 2d Rate -

John Barnett, - I)* - - - - Ofiory, 2d Rate ——

John Andrews, Superannuated Boatswain of the Swallow, 4th Rate -

Geo. Spilsby, Superannuated Carpenter of the Windsor Cattle, 2d Rate -

John Grey, Superannuated - - D° - - Victory, ad Rate ——

Mrs. Rebecca Hayter, Relict of Mr. Tho. Hayter, late one of the Commissioners of her Majesty's Navy -

Richard Ball, Superannuated Cook of the Falcon-, 5th Rate ——

Mary Carter, Widow of Rear Admiral Carter, Slain in an Engagement in 1692 Abel Woollard, Superannuated Boatswain of the Grafton, 3d Rate - -

Nathaniel Dogget, Superannuated Surgeon of the Dutchefie, 2d Rate -

Alexander Southerland, Superannuated Carpenter of the Cambridge, 3d Rate -

Frances Jennifer, Widow of Captain John Jennifer, of the Edgar, for her Subsistence Half-pay - - - ,

Moses Jacquean, a French Sea Officer, and Refugee, who served as a Volunteer in her Majesty's Navy in 1691, and 1691 -

John Haydon, Superannuated Matter of the Duke, 2d Rate ——

Captain John Votier, in Consideration of his long Service in the Navy, equal to the Wages of Captain of a 4th Rate

Peter Chattelaup, a French Sea Officer, and Refugee, served a Vol. in the Navy in 91, and 92 - - - -[

Richard Blackman, Superannuated Cook of the Windsor Cattle, 2d Rate -

Walter Barnaby, Superannuated Matter of the Sandwich, 2d Rate ——

Ann Skelton, for the Lois of her Husband, Captain Cha. Skelton, call: away in the Coronation -Joseph Goodwin, Superannuated Carpenter of a2d Rate, St. Michael, for a first Rate - -

Matt. Richardson, Superannuated Carpenter of the Restauration, 3d Rate - -

John Newberry, Superannuated - - D* - - Vanguard, 2d Rate -

Pierij Gaudij, a French Refugee, as his late Majesty's free Gift -

Captain Ozee De Cornn, a French Refugee, in Consideration of his good Services -

Wm. Hollway, Superannuated Boatswain of a 3d Rate, the Expedition ——

Hannah Roomcoyle, Widow of Captain Thomas Roomcoyle, Slain on the Non such -

John Green, Superannuated Boatswain of the Royal William, iftRate ——

William Parker, Superannuated Master of the Sandwich, a 2d Rate - - - '*!

Date of Orders.

12th Sept. 86

1 June, 89

9 Jan. 90

24 Mar. 90 -D° - -

2 Apr. 91

8 D* -

20 D* -

12 June, 91 -

27 Jufy> 702 -

10 051. 92

28 Nov. 92

16 Jan. 92 -

23 D* -

7 Ftb.92

8 Feb. 92 1 Mar. 92 1 Nov. 99

11 Mar. 92 -

3 APr- 93 '

5 APr- 93

1 Nov. 99

2 June,93 -

2 D" -

2 9 Wy, 93 -

6 December, 93

7 Feb. 93

21 Alar. 93 -

2 May, 94 I Nov. 99

3 May, 94 -

19 June, 94 -21 D° -

28 D° -28 D* -28 June, 700 -

Time of Commencement

Allowances per Annum, __________1_

12 Sept. 86 -

25 Mar. 89 -3 June, 89 -

21 Feb. 90 -

D*

8 December, 90 5 Jan. 90 I Apr. 91

- 7 25 Mar. 91 -

- J 27 July 702 -

30 Sept. 92 -20 May,92 -

18 Jan. 92 -

3 Feb. 92 27 051. 92 5 Feb. 90

J3 Mar. 91 30 Sept. 99 -8 Apr. 93 14 Mar. 92 26 Dec. 92 -30 Sept. 99 -

29 Apr. 93 -22 Alay,93 -

26 December, 92 12 November, 93 24 0£t.93 -28 Afar. 94 -- 7 5 Mar. 94 -

-J 306V/)/. 99 -

26 Alar.94 -

29 May, 94 -2 5 December, 93 5 June, 94 -

/ 10 Nov. 93 -Ji Jan. 99 -

£ S. A

70 12 1

200 — —

86 l7 11

45 12 6

45 12 6

32 11 8

45 12 6

45 12 6

300 — —

16 5 10

200 — —

39 2 1

86 17 11

39 2 1

9‘ 5 ‘

100 — —

82 2 6

136 17 6

100 — , —

16 5 10

82 2 6

100 — —

5 2 2 8

39 2 1

45 12 6

70 — —

40 — - —

39 2 1

100 — —

52 2 8

54 *5 —

180 Novembris. . 1707,

SI *1 °A

Thom. Gosling, Superannuated Boatswain of the Leopard Hulk, for a 3d Rate Eliz. Taylor, for the Lot's of her Husband, Captain of the Non such, Slain by the French Cornelia Gallway, Relidt of Captain Tho. Gallway, Slain at Sea 26 1695

Janies Willon, Superannuated Boatswain of the Rotterdam Hulk, for a 4th Rate -John Bond, Superannuated Carpenter of a 2d Rate, the Sandwich -

Gregory Cornish, Superannuated Matter of the Carlisle, a 4th Rate - .

Eliz. Harman, for the Loss of her Husband, killed in the Advice, in the India Dame Arabella Wheeler, for her Husband, Sir Francis, castaway in the Sussex George Henos, Superannuated Gunner of the Dreadnought, for a 2d Rate Will Hodges, - - D* - - - Victory, a first Rate -Ann Pepwell, for Loss of her Husband, killed by the French on the Tyger hired -

Jacob Pen, Superannuated Gunner of the Russel, a 3d Rate

Tho. Brown, Superannuated Matter of the Guerfey, for a 3d Rate -

Edward Lowanee, Superannuated Carpenter of the Dreadnought, 3d Rate Lieutenant

Sir Geo. Rook, in Consideration of his Services at Sea -

Lieutenant Robert Peck, for his long Services, great Age, equal to the Wages of a 3d Rate Lieutenant Francis Burrell, Superannuated Matter of the Assurance, fora ift Rate -

Captain Lionell Ripley, D* - equal to the Wages of a Captain of a 3dRate -

MaryAllen, Widow of Captain William Allen, of the Bonadventure, Slain in Oil.96 -

Dame Ann St. George, in Consideration of the Services of her Father, Sir John Lawson

Eliz. Chapman, Widow of Captain John Chapman, Slain in Fight against the French

Mary Fletcher, for the Loss of her Husband, Slain in Fight in Hudson's -

Charles Steward, in Consideration of his long Sufferings, and Service at Sea -

Sir Robert Robinson, as Commander in Chief of a Squadron of above 12 Men of War, besides Fire-ships

William Good, Superannuated Matter of the Litchfield, 4th Rate -

John Gliddon, - - D* - - Edgar, 3d Rate ——

Tho. Parsons, Superannuated Gunner of the Rose, for a 4 th Rate....

William Lenton, Superannuated Matter of the Thunderbolt Prize, for a 4th Rate - -

Ellen Wrenn, for Loss of her Husband, Captain Ralph, and for his good Services - -

John Marretts, French Sea Officer, and Refugee ——

Thomas Baily, Superannuated Surgeon of the Duke, a 2d Rate ——

Elizi Urry, for the Loss of her Husband Captain Tho. Urry, killed in the West Indies Richard Bond, Superannuated Surgeon of the Suffolk, a 3d Rate -

Captain Wm. Fazeby, at 8r. per Diem, notwithstanding former Orders, as Superannuated Commander of a 5th Ra William Pickman, Superannuated Matter of the Vanguard, ad Rate -

John Oliver - - D* - - Henrietta, 3d Rate ——

m 4 Apr. 95 - - 5 May, 95 - -

- ai D* - - 5 7an 95 " mm

- 24 June, 95 - - 24 June, 95 - -

- 28 Mar. 95 - - 4 Sept. 95 - -

- 10 Sept. 95 - 27 Apr. 95 - -

( f3o OEl. 95 - ( , 14 December, 94 -1

< ^28 June,700 - i 1 Jan. 99 -i

- 7 Feb- 95 i - 7 OEl. 94

- 10 D* - - 20 Feb. - -

- 24 D* - 21 Jan. 95 - -

- 19 Afar. 95 - - 27 Feb. 95 - -

- 24 D° - - 14 Sept. 95 - -

- 2 July, 96 - 22 Mar. 95 - -

.5 ' 5 Jan- 96 -J [3 Nov. 96 1

t 28 June,700 - -I [1 Jan. 99 - J

-1 5 Jan. 96 -1 15 Dec. 96 - -1

A 23D* - - - \ C 2 June, 96 - 7

\ 2 Feb. 701 I 27 Jan. 701 - - j

A: 15 Mar. 96 - Si Apr. if! - -7

I 28 June, 700 f 1 Jami. 99 - -1

I 117 Mar. 96 - C22 Feb. 96 -7

] [28 June, 700 (.1 January,99 I

1 i »3 Apr- 97 m C13 Apr. 97 . - 7

1 [ 28 June, 700 - (.1 Jan. 99 - j

28 May, 97 - - 28 May, 97 -

- 29 Jan. 97 - 26 Mar. 97 - - '

- 5 Apr.98 - - 5 Apr.98 -

- 13 August, 98. - 13 August, 98 -

- 28 Feb. 98 - 26 Feb. 98 -

- 3 Apr. 99 - - 26 May, 99 _ -

[ 7 Sept. 99 - - (29 Sept. 99 - -7

A I 28 June, 700 - - O Jan. 99 . -j

A f2o Sept.99 - - ( $20 Sept. 99 - 7

1.2 8 June, 700. - < U Jan. 99 - j

-in Ocl. 99 - -1 11 OEl. 99 . -

1 [24 D* - - P+D° - - 1 - 7

i (.28 June, 700 *" 1 f 1 janua. 99 . - j

-1 15 Feb. 99. - - 12 Feb. 99 . -

1 CD* - - - < 115 D* - l -7

(.11 Sept. 700 - :11 Sept, yoo

m 2 March, 99 - - 2 Mar, gg

- 22 Apr. 700 - . 11 Apr. yoo - -

- 1 July, 700 - M 0 0 1 -

- 8 Nov. 700 - 1 Jan. 99

24 December,700 - 8 March, 99

- D* - *9 May, 700- -

39 2 1

50 ——

60 ——

3a 11 8

45 12 6

36 10 —

70 ——

200 ——

45 12 6

52 2 S

60 ——

39 2. 1

4i 1 3

39 .2 1

1,095 ——

36 10 —

59 6 3

,23 3 9

80 ——

250 ——

40 -

«36 17 6 100 — — 150 -

36 10 —

41 1 3

32 11 8

3* 10

100 — . _ 60 — __

86

5o

164

46

54

4i

17 U

*5

1

Z 4.

3

6 Ann. i8*

PENSIONS, 6cc.

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo

FT

William Harris, Superannuated Mailer of the Burford, 3d Rate -

Will. Luckins, - - D° - - Gunner of the Berwick, 3d Rate -

Henry Hurleburt - D® - - Carpenter of the Essex, 3d Rate ..

Captain Tho. Willlhaw, for his long Service, Age, Loss of his Leg, and other Wounds

Daniel Hackman, Superannuated Carpenter of the Duke, a 2d Rate -

Dorothy Searle, Widow of Captain Henry, late of the Biddeford, as Half-pay of a 6th Rate

Pafco Neilder, Superannuated Mailer of the Cornwall, a 3d Rate -

Sir Richard Haddock, being his late Majesty's Bounty to him - -

Edward Knight, Superannuated Boatswain of the Deptford, 3d Rate -

Will. Brown, Superannuated Gunner of the Kent, 3d Rate - -

Joseph Rydeout, Superannuated Surgeon of the Windsor Castle, 2d Rate -

Thomas Sutton, Superannuated Purler of the Neptune, 2d Rate -

William Chappell, Superannuated Purser of the Queen, a ill Rate -

Tho. Corley, Superannuated Boatswain of the Britannia, a ill Rate -

Captain Richard Carverth, for his long Services, and Infirmities, equal to pay of a 5th Rate Captain John Somerfiil, Superannuated Surgeon of the Royal Sovereign, a ill Rate - -

Captain Ben. Holkins, for long Services, Age, and Infirmities, Half-pay of Captain of a ill Rate Captain Sam. Tilly, - - D° - - equal to Wages of Captain of a 6th Rate -

Captain Robert Robinlon, D° ----- ----- a2d Rate - -

Henry Killigrew, esquire, in Consideration of his good Services at Sea

Lieutenant Francis Hollis, for long Services, and Infirmities, the Wages of Lieutenant of a 5th Rate John Reynolds, Superannuated Boatswain of the Northumberland, a 3d Rate -Geo. Wafiell, Superannuated Gunner of the fame

John Dennis, -Tho. Hurlock, -Robert Kirktown, William Force, -Tho. Revitt,

Ca. Markes, James Naylor,

D® - - - Humber, for a 2d Rate ——

D® - Mailer of the Sunderland, a 4th Rate -

D® - Surgeon of the Royal Sovereign, a ill Rate - -

D° - Mailer of the Sterling Callle, a 3d Rate -

D® - Cook - - Rcllauration, a 3d Rate -

D® - Mailer of the Brittannia, a ift Rate -

D° - Boatswain of the Relloration, a 3d Rate -

John Jenkins, Superannuated Gunner of the Queen, a ill Rate -

Franc. Saunders,- - D° - Mailer of the Barfleur, ad Rate -

Martha Benbovv, for the Services and Merits of her Husband, John Benbow, esquire, who died of his Wounds, Fight with the French in the West Indies ——

Ralph Cox, Superannuated Mailer of the St. George, a 2d Rate John Barclay, Superannuated Surgeon of the Lenox, 3d Rate -

Henry Winnell, Superannuated Carpenter of the Hampton Court, 3d Rate -P Edward Lavvford, Superannuated Purler of the Windsor Callle, ad Rate -

Heller Hollyman, Widow of Captain Robert, flain in Fight with the French

Date of Orders.

124 , 700

4 Mar. 700 15 D® -11 701

29 May, 701

3 J

24 D* -31 D* -20 701

D°

22 , 701

16 Jan. 701 -: 20 Jan. 701 24 D# -

28 Mar.

31 D® -

: 1 Apr.

19 May, 702 13 D® -18 D® -

20 D® -

20 June 8 July -28 D"- -14 Sept.

30 November 1 December 9 D" -

5 Jan- -13 D® -18 D® -(1 Mar. recei % ed in) d D,

10 Apr. 703 12 D® -

3 May

b®

Ii

Time of

Commencement.

5 Apr. 700 -

6 Mar. 700

4 D® - -

13 Apr. 701

7 7«fy, 701 -28 June, 701

24 July, 701

25 June, 98

25 July,701

1 August, 701 22 December,701 25 Apr. 702

22 Jan. 701

28 D® - -

28 Mar. 702 31 D® -

14 May, 702 6 May, 702

1 June -14 May 21 D® -

20 June

16 D® -

28 July 14 Sep.

30 November -

2 December

9 D° -

5 Jan. -13 D® -18 D® -

2 Mar.

4 November -

1 o Apr. 703 -12 D® - -

3 May -D"

23 OS.

Allowances

per Annum. QQ

l- d.

41 I 3

39 2 1

39 2 1

too — —

45 12 6

54 *5 — "

41 1 3

500 —

39 2 1

39 2 1

85 7 6

45 12 6

5Z 2 8

5Z 2 8

73 — * ——

96 4 9

182 10 — -

54 —

219 —

700 — —

36 10

39 2 1

39 2 1

45 12 6

36 10 —

96 4 9

41 1 3

16 S 10

59 6 ey O

39 2 I

52 2 8

54 l5

200 — —

54 T5 —

64 a 2

39 2 I

45 12 6

100

180 Novembris. ^.1707*

o

r

Cha. Bowler, a Superannuated Matter of the Berwick, a 3d Rate -Math. Thomas, Superannuated Surgeon of the Victory, a ill Rate Joseph Story, - - D* - - - -D°

Humph. Cooley, - D®

Cl

Vn

►d

n

D

sr>

c.

P

Royal William, ill Rate

Robert Glandfield, Superannuated Matter of the Warfpight, 3d Rate Tiio. Ferraby, - - D® - - Boatswain of the London, a ill Rate

% Captain Edward Good, for his long and faithful Services, equal to Half-pay of Captain of a ill Rate Captain Robert Thompson, for his long Service, and Infirmities, equal to a Captain's Pay of a 4th Rate Phineas Bowles, esquire, for his long and faithful Service in the Navy -

John Way, Superannuated Matter of the Salisbury, a 4th Rate -

James Bowman, - - D® - - - - Prince George, for a ill Rate -

Geo. Barnes, - - D® - - Cook of the Mary Yacht, a 6th Rate -

Captain Peter Watton, for his long Services, and Infirmities, the Wages of a 3d Rate Captain Sir Edward Gregory, Knight, for his faithful Services in the Navy, Age, and Infirmity Sir Tho. Hopfon, for his good Services, and to enable him to provide for his Family Richard Brincknall, Superannuated Matter ot^, the Cornwall, a 3d Rate -Wlm. Bantom, Superannuated Gunner of the Restoration, a 3d Rate

Tho. Woodgreen, - D® - Matter of the Kingston, a 4th Rate -Wm. Skeet, - - - D® - Surgeon of the Defiance, a 3d Rate

James Markes, - - D® - Matter of the Humber, a 3d Rate -

Captain John Mayne, for long Services, and Infirmities, equal Pay of a 3d Rate Captain Steph. Barnard, Superannuated Matter of the Northumberland, a 3d Rate - -

Will. Hopkins, Superannuated Surgeon of the Rupert, a 3d Rate Tho. Stollard, Superannuated Matter Attendant at Plymouth Sampson Bourn, - D° - - - - Chatham -

William Francklyn, Superannuated Matter of the Oxford, a 3d Rate - -

William Stringer, Superannuated Carpenter.of the Grafton, a 3d Rate - -

Henry Worth, - - D® - Surgeon of the Queen, a ift Rate - -

John Guenap, - - D® - Matter of the London, a itt Rate

Elizabeth Beaumont,"!

Ann Beaumont, I Henrietta Beaumont, I Katherine Beaumont, )

Arabella Beaumont,

Christiana Beaumont,

William Gregory, Superannuated Boatswain of the Lancaster, a 3d Rate -

Henry Morgan, - Matter Attendant at Sheernejje -

John Lambert, D® - . Matter of the Newark, a 3d Rate - -

Thom. Matters, - D® - Cook of the Russel, a 3d Rate ——

John Gibbins, - D® - Boatswain of the Defiance, a 3d Rate -

Captain James Davison, for long Service, Age, and Infirmities, Pay of a 3d Rate Captain -Daniel Garrett, Superannuated Matter Attendant at Plymouth -

John Spyars, Superannuated Carpenter of the Elizabeth, a 3d Rate - -

Philadelphia Hawes, for the Loss of her Husband, Captain Geo. Hawes, of the Portsmouth Bomb, who was drowned in great Storm 27 Nov.703 -

In Consideration of the good and faithful Services performed by Bazill Beaumont, esquire, Brother, Rear Admiral of the Blue, who was loft in the great Storm, £. 50 per Annum each,

28 May

3 June -10 D® -

23 D® -

24 D® -

28 D® -

6 July -

6 D® -

9 D® -

« 9 July, 7 °3 "

23 D® - -

12 August

23 D° -

24 D® -

4 Sept.

10 D® -

70 Sept.

12 00.-

23D® - -

29 D® - -

2 November -4 D® - -

16 D® -

20 D® -8 Jan. -27 D* -5th Feb703

1 Mar. -29 D® 704 -

their] 16 May

29 D® -

2 June 16 D® -

3 August 14 D® -8 Sept.

D®

11 D® -

tb*|i9 7°4

28 May

3 June -10 D® -

23 D®

24 D® -

28 D* -

6 July -6 D® -9D® - -

19 July, 703 -23 D® -

12 August

13D° - "

25 June 1 .19 Feb.

10 Sept.

30 Sept.

12 00.

23 D® -

29 D® -

2 November

4 D* - -

16 D® - -

20 D® -8 Jan.

27 D° -25th Feb. 703 1 Mar.

29 D° 704 -

26 December, 703

29 May, 704

2 June -

16D® - -

3 August

ia n®

41 1 3

95 11 8

91 *3 7

95 11 8

41 1 3

5* 2 8

182 10 —

9i 5 —

300 — - —

36 10 —

59 6 3

!5 12 8

123 3 9

300 — —

365 — —

41 1 3

39 2 1

36 10 —

59 14 10

4* 1 3

123 3 9

4i 1 3

59 *4 10

100 —

100 — —

41 1 3

39 2 1

91 13 7

59 6 3

300 — —

39 2 1

100 — -

41 z 3

16 5 10

39 2 X

123 3 9

100 -

39 2 1 -j

5° v!

6 Ann. i 8* Novembris

PENSIONS, &c.

D

CQ

n'

CD

CL

O

o

rT

pi

Cu

a

c:

3

P-

Date of Orders.

John Tooley, Superannuated Master of the Warfpight, a 3d Rate ——

Wm. Johnson, - D* - - Expedition, for a first Rate -

Captain Lawrence Keck, for his great Age, and Infirmities, half Wages of a 5th Rate Captain -

Captain Woolfran Cornwall, in Consideration of his good Services at Sea ——

Frances, Martha, Katherine, and Eliz. Emmes, Daughters of Captain Fleetwood Emmes, Commander of the Restoration, in -v1 Consideration of the Lois of their Father, Mother, and only Brother, drowned in the said Ship in the great Storm on ( the 27th November, 1703 - - - j

Thomas Wade, Superannuated Boatswain of the Devonshire, a 3d Rate ——

Captain Richard Lestock, for his great Age, and Infirmities, equal to half the Wages of a Captain of a 3d Rate, during Life Peter Britton, Superannuated Surgeon of the Association, a 2d Rate ——

Frances Renny, for the Loss of her Husband, Captain Tho. in the Falmouth, who was killed in her, when taken by the French,

4 August, 1704 -

Lena Cow, for the Loss of her Husband, Captain John, llain in the Ranelagh, 13 1704

Eliz. Baker, for the Loss of her Husband, Captain Wagden Baker, llain in the Woolf Sloop, in Fight with a French Priva-l teer, 24 June, 1704 ----- ----- - -y

Captain Gabriel Millifon, for his great Age, and Infirmities, Half-pay of a 6th Rate Captain - -

Sir John Munden, Knight, as a Superannuated Sea Officer, equal to Half-pay of a Rear Admiral, as of her Majesty's S Bounty for his Subsistence on Shore - - _ _ y

John Sayer, esquire, for Mrs. Mary Nevill, since Wife of Colonel Salisbury, as a Mark of her Majesty's Favour and Bounty, and in Consideration of her miserable Circumstances, i$c. - - - . - -J

George Norree, Superannuated Master of the Firme Prize, as a 3d Rate ——

James Christie, Superannuated Surgeon of the Jeffries Hospital Ship ——

Francis Crofts, - - D* - Barfleur, a ad Rate ——

Ca. Godfrey Luggar, Superannuated Gunner of the Royal William, a ill Rate -

Captain John Ward, in Consideration of his Age, and Infirmities, £ Wages of a Captain of a 4th Rate John Oliver, Superannuated Boatswain of the Windsor, a 4th Rate ——

Sir Samuel Wilhart, Half-pay as Rear Admiral, while he is unemployed ——

Dina, Mary, Ann, and Eliz. Johnson, in Consideration of the Loss of their Father, Captain John Johnson, drowned in the Sterling Castle, in the great Storm November, 1703 -

Tho. Clements, Superannuated Carpenter of the Association, a 2d Rate ——

Janies Lake, Superannuated Master of the Russel, a 3d Rate ——

Bodwin Nightingale, Superannuated Gnnner of the St. George, a 2d Rate - -

Lieutenant Archibald Bowles, for his Age, and Infirmity, } Pay as Lieutenant of a 3d Rate -

John Denham, Superannuated Boatswain of the Nottingham, a 4th Rate - -

Mary Martin, for the Loss of her Husband, Captain Samuel, killed 20th 1705 -

Eliz. Doleman, for the Loss of her Husband, Captain Geo. killed tz March, 1705

Lieutenant Tho. Grimstone, for his great Age, and Infirmity, half Wages of a 3d Rate Lientenant Mary Atkins, Relict of Samuel Atkins, esquire, late one of the Commissioners of the Navy, in Consideration of his long and \ faithful Services - - - ,

20 December 27 D®

3 Jan.

16 Feb.

17 D* -

22 D®

27 D®

2 Mar.

23 D®

5 Apr. 705 -D° -

10 Apr:. 705 23 May

i a June

23

6 July

5 Sept.

8 051.

D° -

19 D°

20 November

13 December

26 Feb.

2* D®

22 Mar. ' -lo Apr. 706 26 Apr.706

i r May -

6 July

6 August, 706

21 051.

Time of Commencement.

20 December -27 D® -

3 Jan.

5 Sept. 703 -

27 November -

22 Feb. 704 -27 D* -

2 Mar.

4 August

x8 Aug.704

14 June 10 May,705

26 Mar.

25 Mar.

23 June

6 July -

5 Sept.

8 051.

D°

19 D° -

18 Jan.

27 November, 703

26 Feb. 70 c -

28 D" -22 Alar.

26 Apr. 706

20 051.705 2 2 Mar.

6 August, 706

25 August

Allowance* per Annum.

/. s. d.

+1 1 3

59 6 3

73 ——

200 ——

too — —

39 2

123 3 9

86 17 11

100 ——

ioo — —

50 ——

54 x5 — 319 7 6

200 — —

41 1 3

74 6 — 86 17 11 52 2 S 91 5 —

32 11 8

319 7 6

ioo ——

45 12

41 1

45 12 45 12

S* u

ico — —

t'O ——

36 10 ---

6

3

6

6

8

18° Novembris.;

Vql. 15(

Edmund Oliver, Superannuated Surgeon of the Hound Sloop, for the Content Prize, a 3d Rate - -

Reuben Bennett, Superannuated Gunner of the Cumberland, a 3d Rate ——

William Phillips, Superannuated Cook of the Hampton Court, a 3d Rate

James Almond, Superannuated Purfcr of the Sterling Castle, 3d Rate - -

Gabriel Brifcoe, Superannuated Surgeon of the Suffolk, 3d Rate ——

Matthew Hilliard, Superannuated Master of the Lancaster, a 3d Rate ——

Christian Cattle, on Consideration of the Loss of her Husband, Captain John Castle, flain in Fight with the Fi'ench, 6 June, 1706 ——

Robert Fcrbes, Superannuated Surgeon of the Essex, a 3d Rate ——

Captain John Anderson, on Consideration of his great Age, and Infirmities, equal to half the Wages of Captain of a 4th Rate - -

John Prout, Superannuated Cook of the Advice, a 4th Rate -

John King, Superannuated Miller of the Brittania, a ill Rate ——

Edward Bishop, Superannuated Carpenter of the Defiance, a 3d Rate ——

Henry Breamer, Superannuated Surgeon of the August, a 4th Rate ——

Captain Humphry Saunders, on Consideration of his great Age, and Infirmities, equal to half the Wages of a Captain of a first Rate on the last Establishment ——

Tho. Seymour, Superannuated Surgeon of the Ramilies, a 2d Rate ——

William Jones - - - D° - - - the Pembroke, a 4th Rate

Captain Bartholomew Clements, as her Majesty's Bounty for his Subsistence, ta continue during his Life -

5 November 30 - D° -

6 December

8 Fcbr.- 27 Mar. 707 2 D‘ - -

} 3 - -

7 D- - - -12 D° -

29 D*- - -

15 May707.

23 D°- - -

9 July - -

19 August

- -D° - -

27 Sept. - -

26 D° - - -N\

Seamen, and Soldiers, wounded in the W*Jl Indies, 666

5 November - 64 8 z O

5 - D3 6 December - 39 16 2 5 I 10

8 Febr. 39 2 I z

17 Mar. 707 64 8 2 z

2 Apr. 41 1 3

6 July, 70 6- 60 — —

7 Apr. 707 - 67 6 11

30 Mar. 91 S —

29 Apr. 16 S 10

15 May,707 59 6 3

23 D* - 39 2 1

9 July - - 58 *3 i-

19 August 182 10 — w

- - D° 86 *7 11 00

27 Sept. 58 13 1

26 D* - 70 — —

£. s. d.

6 J 6 4 > 8 > 20 *3 4 1

8

£ co OO co II

R. Haddock, D. Ty mew ell,

JVm. Gifford, D.

Cha. Sergifon, Geo. Toilet.

18® Novembris.

A. 1707*

Officers and

Commissioners of the Navy.

Grants of Offices of Profit.

434

No. XV. A LIST of the principal Officers and Com- Lord High Admi-| missioners of her Majesty's Navy (in Obedience to an an Order of the honourable House of Commons)

employed in the Out-ports; viz.

S Chatham, Captain George St. Loe.

Portsmouth, Captain Isaac Townshend.

Plymouth, Captain Hen. Greenhill.

Kin/ale, Captain Laurence Wright.

Liston, Captain Wm. Wright.

ral of Qieat Bri- \ jqjs j^0ya] Highness Prince George

No. XVI. A LI S T of the Names of the Persons, who have had Grants of any Offices of Profit, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, since the first of May last, 1707.

Commissioners of Excise for

William Douglas, j AlexanderWeddeiburn,!

during < John Montgomery,) esquirese

John Whetham, David Ross,

William Oaker, esquire.

James Barnes, gentleman.

Sir Alexander Rigby, knight. James Isaackson,) r

} Lionel Norman, r<lu, res-Sir Robert Dixon, knight. Wm. Boyle, esquire.

land,

Pleasure. Teste

22 Maij - -

Provost Marshal General of Bar-

badocs, during,) George Gordon, esquire. Pleasure. Teste 2 x Maij - -Clerk of her Ma-"| jesty's Leases in Chancery, during Life. Telle

19 Maij - -

Clerk of the Appeals in Chancery, during Life.

Teste 19 Maij -Commissioners of the Customs for Scotland, during Pleasure. Teste 50 Junii - -;

Assistant Matter of

STriSnSfel "Cot, mil, esquire. Teste 50 Junij-J Inspector of the"'

Out - port Collectors of the

Customs Ac- Geo. Langton, esquire. counts, during Pleasure. Teste 11 Junij -

Receiver General of "j the Customs in I

Scotland, during \ Charles Graydon, gentleman. Pleasure. Teste I

13 Junij- - -J

Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs in Scotland, during Pleasure. Teste 13 Junij - -

Comptroller of the "J Duties of Excise I

in Scotland, du- \ John Parsons, esquire ring Pleasure. I Teste 11 Junij - J Comptroller of the Customs in the Port of Carlisle, during Pleasure.

Teste 11 Junij -One of the Serjeants "1 at Arms to her I

Majesty, during Tho. De Critz, gentleman.

Pleasure. Teste 19 Junij.

)John Crooklhanks, gentleman.

William Gilpin, esquire.

of Denmark.

\ Sidney earl of Godolphin.

His ftoyal Highness Prince George' of Denmark.

> Wm. Waterson, esquire.

tain, tec. during Pleasure. Teste 2 8 Junij -

Lord High Treasurer of her Majesty's Exchequer, during Pleasure. Teste

27 Junij- - -

Generalissimo of

all her Majesty's Forces, during Pleasure. Teste

28 Junij -Surveyor of the

Customs in the Out - ports of England, during Pleasure. Teste ft 1 Junij - -

Keeper of the Privy- Lodgings, and Handing Wardrobe, at \ Richard Marriott, esquire, Hampton Court, during Pleasure.

Teste 70 Ju/ij-

Lord Privy Seal, during Pleasure.

Teste 90 Ju/ij -)

One of her Majesty's principal Secretaries of I State, during Pleasure. Teste 23 Julij -

One of her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, during Pleasure. Teste 26 Julij - - -;

Her Majesty's 2d Justice of the Counties of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesey, during Pleasure. Teste

29 Junij - -

Auditor of her Majesty's Excise in Scotland, during Pleasure. Teste 13 August- -;

Attorney General of Barbadoes during Pleasure.

Teste 13 AuguJli

Commissioners of Excise for Scot-

John duke of Newcastle.

Robert Harley, esquire.

Charles earl of Sunderland.

Wrilliam Jessop, esquire.

) George Tilfon, esquire.

) Thomas Hodges, esquire.

Alexander Wedderburn,] John Montgomery,

land, during \ John Whetham, Pleasure. Teste I David Ross,

5 Sept. - - - Sir Wm. Douglas.

~ Thomas Coleby,

Commissioners of the Vi&ualing Office, during J Pleasure. Teste ' 5 Septem. - -

Henry Vincent, Kendrick Edifbury, Tho. Harlow,

Denz. Onslow,

Tho. Bere,

.Tho. Reynolds,

dquires.

>esquires.

Collectora

Penfkm*.

6 Ann.

Col left ors of the Custom of the Port of,

during Pleasure. ‘Tejie, 5 Sept. Receiver of the Customs at the Port of Milford, during Pleasure. Tejie 19

i8° Nbvent

-Commissioners of the Navy, during Pleasure. Tejie Jexto die O£lo-

bris.

Clerk Of the House of Commons of Great Britain, during Life. Tejie 13 Oil.

One of the Queen's' Waiters in the Port: of London, during Pleasure.

; Teste iz on.

Commissioners for riackney Coaches, during Pleasure. Tejie Oil.

John Ball, and

Sir Robert Henley, bart;

Arthur Price, gentleman:

Sir Richard haddock, knight. Daniel Furzer,

William Lee,

Charles Sergifori,

Dennis Lyddell,

Henry Greenhill,

Benj. Tymewell,

Geo. St. Lo,

Geo. Tollett,

Laurence Wright,

Sir William Gifford, knight. Anthony Hammond, esquire.

Sir Tho. Hopfon, knight.

Wm. Wright, i

Tho. Jennings, Sefquires.

klfaac Townsend, )

\ esquires.

Paul Jodrell, senior, esquir^.

- John Crowch, gentleman.

Daniel Blake, \

Charnock Heron, I

Abraharri Magny, > esquires.

Evert Jollyvett, j

Geo. Clarke, J

J of W hitehead, Dep. Cl. Hanaper.

N*XVII. An ACCOUNT of the Pensions, paid by the Cofferer of her Majesty's fioufehold.

To Elizabeth Fowler -Helena Deering Mary Rawkins Charlotte Row Arabella Row Steph. Limbach -Tho. Fiffier -Jane Woodson Eliz. Thornburgh -Tho. Hopgood Roger Webb Dinah Rouple Dorothy W arren -Joyce Warren Eliz. Murray Alice Habberley -Eliz. Hayes -Peter Savage Pierre L'Orange -Jane Jones -Margaret Thornburgh Martha Hilton James Heymans -Eliz. Whitfield Ann Walton Ann Cordell Eliz. Cordell Eliz. Rogier James Castres Abraham Castres -

Vol. lo

Per Annum.

£. s. d.

- - aoo -

- 100 -

- - - 80 -

80 -

. - 76 -

60 ——

40 ——

- . - 40 -

40 ——

40 ——

40 ——

- 4® -

- - - 40 — —

40 ——

36 10 —

35 ——

30 ——

30 ——

30 ——

30 ——

3° -

27 7 6

25 ——

25 ——

25 ——

20 ——

20 —

20 ——

20 ——

20 ——

Susan Castres

John Castres - -

Fiancis Prescott - -

Margaret York - -

Eliz. Drew - m -

Susan De Champigny - -

Cecilia Powell - -

Dorothy Jones - -

Arin Cartwright -

John Stephens - -

Mary Parsons - -

Eliz. Voljohn -

Grace G ret ton - -

Sarah Marftiall - -

Edm. Scofield - -

Margaret Bland ford - -

Mary Smith -

Windebank Coot - -

Sarah Harris - -

Ann Bridges - -

Mary Bennet - -

John Roffignoll - -

Margery Lifney -

Ellen Arnold - -

Ann King -

Mary Hutchinson - -

Elizabeth Bishop -

Kath. Thurman, senior - -

Kath. Thurman, junior - -

Mary Thurman - -

Mary Brock - - m

Hannah Elfmore - -

Ann Allen -

Dame Mary Kniveton - -

Ann Davis - -

Jane Samson - -

John Lincicomb - *

John Webb, senior - m

Benj. Hoolbrook -

Ann Cabell -

Frances Rose - -

William Rose.

Ann Smith -

Mary Smith -

Eliz. Smith -

Peter Marftiall

Sir James Forbes -

Sir Charles Ifcc Robert Manning, esquire

Albert Schouten -

Tho. Whitmore -

Peter Bethune Francis Clark Adrian Van Brakel Benj. Taylor Richard Tull Tho. Pavy - -

John Mellon - -

Edward Reddifti -

Ellen Beacher, Widow -Martha Beecher -

John Webb, junior William Pooley -

5 R

433

Per Annum.

20 ' Pensioners*

- 20 ——

20 — —

20 ——

20 ——

20 ——

- 20 ——

20 ——

- 18 5 -

- 18 5 -

- 18 5 -

- 18 5 -

- x8 5 -

- 18 5 -

- 18 5 -

- 18 5 -

- >8 5 —

" 18 5 -

- 18 5

- 18 5-

- 18 5 -

- 18 5-

- 18 5 -

- iS 5 -

15 ——

i5 ——

13 6 8

13 6 8

13 6 8 13 6 8

12 — —

12 ——

12 ——

- 12 ——

- 12 ——

- 12 ——

- 10 ——

- 10 ——

- 10 — —

- 10 ——

- 10 ——

10 ——

10 ——

- 10 ——

jo ——

10 ——

£.2,041 4 2

200 ——

- 200 ——

- 80 ——

40 ——

40 —

40 ——

40 ——

3° ——

30 ——

30 ——

30 — —

30 _ —

'30 -

50 ——

§a -

3° ——

50 ——

Samuel

These Pensions were granted, some by King Charles the 2d, by King James the 2d, and by the late King, being their Servants, or their Servants Widows, and some others.

ALLOWANCES granted to fucti Servants of the late King, as are not employed by her Majesty.

Per Annum. £ s. d.

434

18 Novembris. 1707.

Pensiontri. Samuel Brown -James Sheppard -John Alsop -Tho. Beard -Sam. Hoyle -Harold Miller Charles Scorefby -John Zevenhoven -John Sewell -William Watson -Ben. Delafountaine James Sells -Davis Harris Arnold Goff

Per Annum.

£‘ 40 5. d.

- - - 35 —

- - - 35 — —

- - - 3° — —

- - - 3° — —

- - - 3° — —

- - - 3° — — -

- 30 — —

- - 40 — —

- - 40 — —

- 40 — —

- - 40 ~ — —

- - 40 — "

- - 35 MM

£ L495 —

ALLOWANCES, or Stipends, to such Household Servants of King Charles the ad, King James the 2d, and of the late Queen's, as are not immediately employed in her present Majesty's Service.

Per Annum.

Laurence Ball . £ 5° s. d.

Edward Grey - - - - 40 — —

Arthur Bedburrow - - - 14 — —

Neal Nelson m m - 18 5 —

James Frontine - - - - *5 —

Philip Lemon - 5° — —

Henry Smith - - 60 — —

John Thompson - - - - 5° — —

Leonard Welbeck - m - 5° — — -

Philip Simons - - - 3° — — -

Josiah Tredwell - - - 3° — —

Tho. Cole - - - - 30 — —

James Boyer - - 30 — —

Richard Smith - - - 3° — —

William Deakins - - - - 3° — —

Edm. Scoffield - - - 30 — —

Gregory Cranwell - - - - 3° — —

John Hubbard - - - 3° — —

Tho. Feild - - - 18 5 —

William Faulkner - - , - 15 —

Robert Bedoe - - - »5 — —

Margaret Brown - - - - 6 — —

Philip Bickerftaffe - - - 30 — —

John Fox, esquire - - - 200 — —

John Hite - - - - 20 — —

Wm. George - - - 20 — —

Nicholas Watty - - - - 20 — —

Tho. Hardine - - - 10 — —

Edm. Lawson - - 10 — —

Jasper Bernard - - - ' 20 5 —

Richard Warden - - - - 15 —

Edward Parkes - - - 14 — —

Wm. Watson - - - 12 — —

Geo. Shaw - m - 12 — —

Henry Watson - - - 12 — —

Tho. Watts - - - - 12 — —

Steph. Sheppard - - - - 12 — —

John Hubbert - - - 12 — . —

Joseph Lodge - - - 12 — - —

Peter Berry - - - - 18 5 —

Jasper English - OB 12 3 4

Hester Lovett - - 20 — —

Ann Hickfon - - - 20 — —

£ *,i95 3 4

wife provided for in her Majesty's Service, or shall die, the said Stipends, or Pensions, are then to cease and determine.

Per Annum.

Roger Pope, esquire . £ 1S° s. d.

Robert Dixon, esquire - - 100 — —

Ambrose Norton - - - 60 — —

William Banks - - - 60 —

Tho. Roper - - - 60 — . —

Simon Corbet - 24 —

William Eagle - - - 24 — —

John Willis - - - *4 ——

Robert Johnson - - . 20 —

Geo. Mills - - 25 —

Steph. Crow - - 25 — —

William Kelloy - - - - 25 — —

Rich. Holland mt - m 20 _ —

Richard Chaire - - - 18 — — -

Derrick Stirke - - 18 — —

Josiah Dusty - - - 18 - — —

John Ullock - - - 18 ... —

Tho. Sheppard - - - 18 — —

Benj. Morrctt - - - 18 — —

Rich. Adamson - - - 18 — —

Christopher Scott - - - - 18 — — -

Robert Rawlins - 18 —

Tho. Boyde- - - - 18 — — -

Tho. Taylor - - - 18 — —

Geo. Burden - - 18 — —

Robert Franklyn - - - - 18 — . —

Tho. Woodcock - - 18 —

Robert Richardson - 18 — —

John Clark - - - - 18 — —

John Dunn - - - m 18 — —

Henry Caddock - - - 18 —

John Smith - - - 18 — —

llaac Matters - - 13 — —

Wm. Hayden * _ 13

Steph. Sheppard - - 9 — —

William Smallpeice - - m 9 — —

John Rice - - - - 9 —

Wm. Draper - - - 9 —

Wm. Maddox - - - 9 - —

Francis Clark - - - 18 — —

Jane Conrey - - - 10 — —

Letitia Young - - 18 — —

Ann Moss - - - 18 — —

Mary Atkinson - - - 18 — —

1,102 ——

5SSBSS5535

N# XVIII. The RETURN of the Commissioners of Excise to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, touching Pensions, during Pleasure, payable out of the Revenues of Excise.

To the honourable the Commons of Great,

in Parliament assembled:

In Obedience to an Order of the honourable House, dated the 10th Instant, we humbly certify, That, upon Search made, we do not find, that any Pensions, during Pleasure, are payable out of the Revenues under our Care and Management.

Foot Onslow, Riley,

Wm. Strong, Marm. Wivell, Geo. Chr. Montagu.

Excise Office,

14 November 1707.

A LIST of such Stipends, and Pensions, as are allowed to the Servants of the Stables of King Charles the ad. King James the 2d, and King William the 3d, which are not now employed, to continue during Pleasure; and, in case any of them shall be other-

N# XIX. An ACCOUNT of Pensions, payable at the Exchequer, during Pleasure, viz.

To John Dwyre, two Shillings a Day.

To John Whittle, Clerk, ten Shillings a Week.

Wm. Clayton.

Pension*,

tensions.

t rants of 0.rices of Profit.

Grant of Office of Profir.

State of the Navy.

6 Ann* i8 — 19° Nove 435

N* XX. The RETURN, by the Deputy Receiver, from the Alienation Office.

These are humbly to certify, that there are no Pensions, during Pleasure, payable out of her Majesty's Revenue in the Alienation Office.

13 November, 1707. Deputy Receiver;

N° XXI. An ACCOUNT of all the Grants of Offices of Profit, since the ill of May, 1707, in the North Parts of the Duchy of Lan pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons* bearing Date the 13 November, 1707.

A Grant to Paul Jodrell, junior, Esquire, during Pleasure, of the Office of Steward and Bailiff of Worksworth, in the County of Derby, dated 28 1707.

A Grant to Robert Hart, Esquire, during Pleasure, of

the Office of Particular Receiver of the Duchy Revenue in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

A Lease to Robert Moor, Gentleman, for 31 Years, of the Office of Bailiff of the New Liberty in the High Peak, in the County of Derby, dated the 8th July 1707.

A Grant to Charles Henjhaiv, Esquire, and Richard Poleivhcele, Esquire, and Daniel Farettes, Gentleman, fcr their Lives, successively, of the Office of Prothonotary of the County Palatine of Lancaster, dated 26 July,

1707-

A Grant to Laurence Carter, junior, Esquire, of the Office of Particular Receiver of the Duchy Revenue in the Honour of Leicester, during Pleasure, dated 16 Sept. 1707.

A Lease to Sir Fulwar Baronet, for 21

Years, of keeping the Court l.eet in , in the County of Warwick, with the Profits of the lame, dated 7 November 1707.

A Grant to John Barker, Gentleman, Collector of the Wards in Needwood, in the County of Stafford, dated 7 November 1707;

W. Bellamy, Auditor.

N* XXII. The RETURN from the Deputy Remembrancer of the Revenues of First fruits and Tenths.

In Obedience to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, bearing date the loth Day of November, 1707, requiring the Officers of the respective Offices, whereout any Pensions, during Pleasure, are paid, to lay before the House an Account of the said Pensions, and of the Names, to whom the same are payable, I humbly certify, that no Patents, for any Pensions whatsoever, are cognizable by the Remembrancer of First fruits and Tenths; but that all Patents for Pensions, charged upon the Revenue of First fruits and Tenths, are (as I humbly believe) entered, and inrolled, with the Auditor of the Receipt in the Exchequer.

Robert Butler, Dep. Remr.

15 November 1707.

N° XXIII. The Auditor of the South Parts of the Duchy of Lancaster his Account, pursuant to an Order of this honourable House, of the 13th of November, 1707.

A Grant during Pleasure, to Laurence Carter, junior, Esquire, of the Office of Collector or Receiver of the Revenue of the late College of the Blessed Virgin Mary, of the new Works of Leicester, in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, and Derby, dated the 16° of Sept, in the

6th Year of the Queen's Majesty's Reign.

R. ‘Thornhill, junior, Auditor.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Navy of this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vo L. 15.

House, to take into Consideration the State of the Navy of this Kingdom; and also to consider of the State of the Trade of this Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 190 dNovembris;

Anno 6' Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

f\RD E RE D, That Doctor be desired to

preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 14th Day of January next, the Day appointed by her Majesty's royal Proclamation fora general Fast and Humiliation; and that Holland,

the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Onslow, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of several Merchants of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Articles and Acts of Union, the Subjects of the united Kingdoms of England and Scotland should, after the ift of May 1707, have a free Trade to and from any Place within the united Kingdom; and the Petitioners having, before the said first of May, imported into Scotland divers Merchandizes, and paid the Duties there due, they did since import many of those Commodities into London, and other Parts of England, as by the Union they are advised, they might lawfully do; yet the Petitioners Commodities have been seized in and they have been

obliged to consent to appear, this present Michaelmas Term, in the Exchequer, to a Prosecution for the Value of the said Merchandizes, altho' several Commodities, of the Product of England, have been brought into-Scotland since the Union, without interruption, which before were prohibited: And praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioners therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration thereof be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms, be referred to the said Committee of the whole Eloufe.

A Petition of several Merchants trading t6 Portugd, Italy, and Spain, on behalf of themselves, and other Merchants trading to those Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a collusive Trade has been carried on in French Wines, and other Goods, for several Years past, notwithstanding the high Duties thereon; and this pernicious Trade has much increased since March last, when part of the Duty (£. 15 per Tun) determined, which makes the said Duties lower, than those on Portugal Wines, Spani/fi, and Italian: That French Prize Wines having this Advantage in point of Duty, great Quantities have been brought in, in foreign Ships, under pretence of legal Capture, though the Privateers, that took them, were fitted out by Consent of the Parties; and the Petitioners have reason to believe that great Quantities of French Goods will speedily be brought in by the like Collusion, if immediate Care be not taken to prevent it j and should these clandestine Practices be continued (the Goods being paid for in Money) would be a great Detriment to Navigation, and our Manufactures, aleffening of her Majesty's Customs, and the Impoverishment of the Nation: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered,

Dr. Trimtiell to preach on 14th Jan.

Interchange of Good* be* tween England and Scotland#

I' '

Colluffvt Trade id Wines;

Grants for Sea Service.

Ships at Sea.

Sir Thomas Hard/sTrial.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

43 6 19 — 20°

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Fads thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William the Lord

Connies by, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Ward, Sir Peter Hacket, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm Scawen, Sir John Lord Powlett, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir Wm. Kerr, Mr. Ha/den, Mr. Cejar, Mr. Bail/ie, Sir Andrew Hume, Mr. Ft centan, Sir Tho, Burnett, Mr. Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Sir Pat.

ston, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Wm. Hodges, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir James Campbell, Sir David Mr. Bcteler,

Mr. Ogilvy, Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. Bennet, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Mr. Hanbury,

Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Allerdice, Mr. Mason, Sir Hen. Furnace, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Diflon, Sir And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this House, of all Moneys, annually granted by Parliament for Sea Service, and annually issued for the fame, since the Commencement of the War.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will please to give Directions, that the said Account may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Number of Ships were employed at Sea every Month the last Year, and in what Stations.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (lie will be pleased to give Directions, that the Proceedings had, and Depositions taken, at the Tiial of Sir 'Thomas Hardy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they Ijad come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Novembris.

yovis, 20° die Novem

Anno 6° Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made. Members and subscribed, the Declaration, and took, and sub- take feribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Poulteney acquainted the House, from the Com- plantation missioners of Trade and Plantations, that her Majesty Trade, had been pleased to direct them to lay before the House, an Account of the State and Trade of the Plantations.

And he presented to the House a Report of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating the reunto.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Bath, in Bath Roads, the County of Somerset, and of the Parish of Box, in &c. the County of Wilts, and also of the Parishes of ford, Batheaflon, Sivanswick, Walcot, Twi-verton, alias Teverlon, Claverton, alias Clarton, -

combe, and Weflon, in the said County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that divers Highways in the said Parishes, leading to many Towns of great Trade, through the said City of Bath, are become so ruinous, that, though the Petitioners have been at great Charges, they are not able to repair the fame, nor is the ordinary Course, appointed by Law, sufficient to do it: That the Streets and Lancs of Bath City are also become so ruinous, by the great Concourse of People, and Horl'es and Carriages, there, that, notwithstanding the great Charges of the Citizens, they find great Inconveniences, for want of Power to the Mayor and Aldermen to compel the Inhabitants to keep the Streets and Lanes in good repair, and erecting Lamps in proper Places, for enlightening the said City; and also, that the Chairmen are very troublesome, and rude to the Gentry, by exading.on them for their Fares: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Highways, and amending, and enlightening, the Streets and Lanes of the said City, and better regulating the Chairmen there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Blathwaite and Mr. Trotman do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the and

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1708, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of the united Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1708,

20 be

Answer to

Addrefi'es.

Exporting

Cloth.

Members

summoned.

Privilege of a Member under Arrest.

State of the Navy.

&. A\n<n. a o*- — a\i° —

be, laid u*poa,aIJ Lfipdfr TppsnaeiitS), Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and peffonal iEstates, in tlpat Paxt of the united Kingdom! of Grettf Britain, called, England,

Wales* and Tow,q of, Bfrzqick upon Ffoeed, j and that a proportionable Cess, apcording.tq the ninth-Article, of the Treaty' of Union* confirmed, ,by. A#s of Parliament, be laid upon that Part of Great Bfitaip passed

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant, to the said Resolution; and, that, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Z&wfidesy Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir JoErjkjtt, and Mr. Mwh gomery, dp prepare, , and bring ip, the Bill*

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, for an Account to be laid before the House of all Moneys, annually granted by Parliament for Sea Service, and annually issued for the fame, since the Commencement of the War; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, for the said Account to be laid before the House.

Mr.-Secrelary Harley also acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That the Proceedings had* and Depositions taken, at the Trial of Sir Tho. Hardy, might be laid before the House j her Majesty had been pfeased to give Directions, for the immediate laying the said Papers before the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, of the ancient Borough of Caine, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was pefented to the House, and read; letting forth, that time out of mind the Clothiers have made White Cloth, called Pack which has

been exported rough to Hamborough, Flanders, and Holland, without Molestation, until last; when the Commissioners of the Customs put a, Stop to the Exportation thereof, to the Impoverishment of the Petitioners, and many Thousands more: And praying, that there may be a free Exportation, of the said Manufacture, under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of Gloucester, is referred.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into and

Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Order of the Day being read, for the taking into Consideration the Report, relating to Mr. Afgill (a Member of this House) in Prison in the Fleet;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and also of the Tra4e of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onjlovo took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had made iome Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Vox.. 13.

32$ Novetnbris. 43.7

Qrdorfd, That M& Shcfr.p, Ml-, Mmhlon^ Sij, Wm. Robietfijn, Ms. Vaughan, Mj^ Yorkt S*r

Si, Quintin, Mj. tyjfiir, be added, ta, the*CommUtc<?>,.tq whoqi the Petition, of the.Merchants, trading t^Fortugal, Italy, and Spain, is referred,.

And -then the House . adjqurned. till, Tp-pipPfoF Morning, Nine, a Opck.

Keneris, 21»°! diMovembris 5 Anno 6* Anpas Reginae, 1707.

Praters.

OME other Members took the Oaths, and, made and, subscribed the Declaration, and took and.fubt* feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the I^aws made for those Purposes.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers.took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 2 20 die;

Anno 6* Annas Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forty thousand Men, which were raised, toact in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, be continued for the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding ,£.894,273. 3s. be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 40,000 Men for the Service of the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Forces, of Ted thousand Men, be continued for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.177,511. 3*. 6 be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for the Service of the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty's Proportion of Three thousand Palatines, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, be continued for the Year 1708.

5 S Resolved,

Collufiv* Trade iu Wine*.

Member* take Oaths.

Supply.

Supply.

4j8

2 a0 — 240 Novembris.

A. 1707,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.34,251. 13 4 be

granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said 3,000 Palatines for the Service of the Year 1708.

Resolved , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty's Proportion of Four thousand Six hundred Thirty-nine Saxons, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £<43,251. 12 be

granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said,639 Saxons for the Service of the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty's Proportion of Regiment

of Dragoons, conlifting of Eight hundred Men, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year *708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.9,269. 16 6 be

granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of maintaining of the said Regiment of Dragoons, for the Service of the Year 1708.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the LwdTax. House, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Service of

the Year 1708; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Papers rt- Mr. Pagitt acquainted the House, that he was di-specting the re&ed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to Navy. lay before the House,

Accounts of the Number of Ships, employed at Sea every Month the last Year, and in what Stations; and also,

The Proceedings had, and Depositions taken, at the Trial of Sir 'Thomas Hardy.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Proceedings, and Depositions, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts, Proceedings, and Depositions, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, relating to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the said Committee, that they had considered the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive it.

Ordered, That the Report be received presently.

Mr. Compton accordingly reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to order her Attorney General to enter a Noli prefequi', to discharge the several Informations, exhibited in the Court of Exchequer, relating to Goods imported into Scotland before the first Day of May last.

Resolved, Nemine con, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to order her Attorney General to enter a Noli profqui, to discharge the several informations, exhibited in the Court of Exchequer, relating to Goods imported-into Scotland before the first Day of May last.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Compton also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which telate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Interchange of Goods between England and Scotland.

Address for entering Noli jrofequi.

Luna, 24° dieNovembris;

Anno 6° Anna; Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made Member* and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- take Oaths, feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Anfaer t» Address having been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe Addref*. would be pleased to order her Attorney General to enter a Noli prosequi, to discharge the several Informations, exhibited in the Court of Exchequer, relating to Goods imported into Scotland before the first Day of May last; her Majesty had been pleased to give an Answer in these Words:

I am very well pleased with what the House of Commons have done in this Matter; and I will give Directions, according as is desired by their Address.

The House being informed, that one of the Com- Debenture* missioners, appointed by her Majesty to examine, how, made out t* and to whom, and for what. Colonel John Rice disposed Co1- Ric*

£. 11,420. 17 s. 6 d. in Army Debentures, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Commissioners Report upon that Examination.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Report was read.

And the said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

A Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised Supply Bill; by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the L*nd *'-Year 1708, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shire, and other Members of the House, do, upon Friday Morning next, bring into the said Committee, Lists of the Commissioners, for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, and Places, for which there used to be Commissioners.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the Hundreds of Monmouth Abergaveny, UJke, Caldicot, and Ragland, and many^and^,ut-other the Freeholders of the Hundreds within the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said County ever was divided into Six Hundreds, which formerly bore an equal Proportion in railing all parliamentary Taxes upon Land, and continued so to do until the Years 1699, 1700, and 1701; wherein two of the fix Hundreds, Wentlooge and

Skenfrit/i,

6 Ann.

24® — 25' Novembris. 439

Skenfrith, receded from the said ancient Method, and Skenfrith still does the fame; but Wtftlooge has paid its Proportion for the Years 1702, 70,1, 704, and 705, according to the old Establishment, pursuant to rwo several Agreements of the Majority of the Commissioners for the said County; notwithstanding which, Hundred never paid its Proportion, pursuant thereunto} whereby a great Deficiency is brought upon the County, and Process is issued for the lame, out of the Exchequer, against the Commissioners, to their great Damage, and the Freeholders of the said County: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Land Tax Act, to oblige the fix several Hundreds within the said County to pay their equal Proportions, as usually, for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708, is committed.

Exporting A Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, Occupiers

Cloth. and Owners of Lands, husbanded and employed for breeding and railing of Sheep and Wool, in the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and many thousand others, concerned in the lame, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, that an Act of Parliament, prohibiting the Exportation of white woollen Cloth, hath been lately put in Execution, which hath hundred the Exportation of such vast Quantities of the said Cloth, that the Clothiers, for want of Vent, cannot go on to buy Wool, and make the wonted Quantities; whereby the Price of Wool is much fallen, many of the Manufacturers turned out of their Employments, and the Wages of such, as have Work, are so lessened, as not to afford a competent Maintenance for themselves, and Families: And praying the House to apply such speedy Remedy for Redreis of their said Grievances, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the white Clothiers in and about the Devizes, in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, employed in themanufacturing of white Cloth, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, to the great Detriment of the Pe-tioners, and other Manufacturers in white Cloths, undressed, the Exportation thereof hath been forbid by the Custom-house Officers, for about seven Months lad pad; which if continued, a considerable Branch of the Woollen Manufactures will be lod to this Kingdom: And praying, that some speedy Care may be taken, for giving the said Trade its former Currency.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of Gloucester, is referred.

Ways The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a and Menus. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Vol. Iff,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 25® die Novembris;

Anno 6* Ann® Regina;, 1707.

Praybrs.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made Members and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- take Oath* feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley, Mr. , Sir Ro- Collusive

bert Eden, Mr. Fulham, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. , Mr. Trade in Pitfield, Mr. Dibble, be added to the Committee, to Wine*, whom the Petition of the Merchants, trading to Portugal, Italy, and Spain, is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supply Bill; the better securing the Duties upon East Goods; Duties on and that Mr. Lowndes and Sir William Scawen do pre- ,ndia pare, and bring in, the Bill. Goods.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, Clothiers, Exporting and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Cloth. Borough of Chippenham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by Force of several obsolete Laws, there has been lately a very great Stop put to the usual Exportation of rough white woollen Cloth, which has occasioned a great Fall in the Price of Wool, and Prejudice to that Part of the Woollen Manufactory; which Grievance, if not speedily remedied, will tend to the utter Destruction thereof, as well as many poor Families, formerly employed therein: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, by repealing those Laws, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of Gloucester, is referred,

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from thq Ways Committee of the whole House, who were to consider and Means, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several and respective Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, and continued by several subsequent Acts until the 24th Day of June, 1708, be further continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1708, until the 24th Day of June, 1709, for and upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale in Great Britain, except Malt, made and consumed in Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the several and respective Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, and continued by several subsequent Acts until die 24th Day of June, 1708, be further continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1708, until the 24th Day of June,

1709, for and upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made, for Sale in Great Britain, except Malt, made, and consumed in Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution, and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John ErJkiu, and Mr. Montgomery, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill*

2'5* — NotemMs. A. 1707:

440

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the calling*!® House, be-House. ing read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Seven-night; and that such Members, as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Privilege of The Order of the Day being read, for taking into a Member Consideration the Report relating to Mr* (a

under Arrest. Member of this House) in Prison in the Fleet y Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending, this summoned. House, do go with the Mace into , and

Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Report, relating. to the said Mr. Afgill, was again read.

Ordered, That the Report be re-committed.

Prophane The House being informed of a printed Book; or Publication pamphlet, signed J. Afgill, intituled, " An Argument, ya em er. t( proving^ according to the Covenant of eternal

" Life, revealed in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence into that eternal Life, without passing through Death, although the human Nature of Christ himself could not be thus translated, till he had " passed through Deathfeveral Paragraphs whereof are contrary to, and refledling upon, the Christian Religion;

The Book was brought up to the Clerk's Table; and the Title, and several Paragraphs therein, read.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to enquire into the Author of the said Book;

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Lord

Powlett, Mr. King, Sir Humphry , Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. , Mr. Manky, Mr.

Trotman, Sir John Spencer, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Morgan, Sir Cha; Turner, Mr. Mr. Southuse!l, Mr.

Erjkin, Mr. Rennet, Mr. , Sir John Erjkin, Sir Hen.

Gough, Mr. Wentworth, Sir John Mordant, Sir Hen. Hutton Colt, Sir fVm: W, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Richard Hozv, Sir Tho. Burnett Mr. Ward, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Windsor, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Atmejley, Mf. Brydges, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Powlett: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit dt die in diem: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroty

Morning,' Nine a Clock.

MePeurii, 16* dieNotyembris;

Anno 6* Annse Regin®, 1707.

AdPetition of the Proprietors of the Army and Tranf- Army, Sec. port Debentures was presented to the House, and read; Debentures, setting forth, that the said Debentures were issued for Services performed, about'15 Years since, but have carried Interest, at £<. 5 per Cent, only from , 1701,

and there has not been any'Principal paid, other than such, as have- been funk' by the Purchase of forfeited-Estates in Ireland,' and thble being now fold, the remaining unsatisfied Debentures amount to£. 960,000 or-thereabouts: That by an Act, made in the first Yeariofi her Majesty's Reign, for making good Deficiencies, &r. it is enacted, -That whatever of the said Debentures shalli remain unpaid by the Produce of the said forfeited Estates, lhah be made good in the next Sessions of Parliament after the 24th Day of June, 1703, with the said Interest of £. 5 per Cent. That Interest has been provided for to Michaelmas, 1705'; so that there are two.

Years Interest due at Michaelmas last, and no Provision yet made for Payment thereof, or the Principal Money; which has occasioned a Discount thereupon, of Cent.to the great Discredit of the Publick Funds: And praying, that the House will make effectual Provision for paying the said Debentures, as may not only consist with the express Words of the said Act, but also with the Honour of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, who are to Prophane examine, w ho is the Author of the Book, intituled, " An Publication " Argument, proving, that, according to the Covenant a.Member. " of eternal Life, revealed in Scriptures, Man may be " translated from hence into that eternal Life, without " passing through Death, although the human Nature of " Christ himself could not be thus translated, till he had " passed through Deaththat they had directed him to move, that it may also be inquired into, who was the Printer, and Pubhlher, of the said Book; and may also report what Pillages are therein, which are contrary to, and refledling upon, the Christian Religion.

Ordered, That the said Committee do examine, who was the Printer, and Publisher, of the said Book; ancf that they do also report to the House, what Passages are therein, which are contrary to, and refledling upon, thq Christian Religion.

Mr. Lowndes acquainted the House, that her Majesty Grants for having been pleased to direct, that an Account of all Sea Service. Moneys annually voted in Parliament for Sea Service, and annually issued for the fame, since the Commencement of the War, to wit, for the Years 1702, 1703,

1704, 1705, 1706, and 1707, should belaid before this House; he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

Pit AY EltS.

Members ' COME other Members took the Oaths; attd made uk* Oaths. O and fabferibed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The

o

in

THE NAVAL SERVICES.

1702. Qrdihary of the Navy, not exceeding ——

Wages, including Marines ——

Viftnaling ——

Wear and Tear - - - 1 ——

Ordnance, Sea Service -

Towards the Debt of Sick and Wounded, being taken in Proportion out of the four Heads first above-mentioned

Total for the Year 170a - -

r. d.

Memorandum:Tire pubtickServices, to which the Supplies of the Year 170a were) 1

appropriated, amounted to- - - - -3 3>700>°33 7 9?

The Grants in Parliament, towards answering those Services, as the same Grants Vrcre) __

estimated in the House, when they passed, amounted to - - - .3 3» 0

peficient of answering the publick Services of the Year 170a ... 500,033 7 pi

The estimated Value of the said Grants was - 3,200,000 ——

The Sums actually supplted by those Grants, towards answering? , ,0 _

the embliek Services, wereno more than . - - ,8 ,{

The Differences of the Deficiency between the estimated Value of the Grants, and the) . - J

Moneys a&tnHy suppHed thereby, which amounts to - - - -3

Vn

H

So that the real Deficiency of the Funds to answer 1702, is ——

s 703. Ordinary of the Navy, not exceeding -Wages, including Marines Vidtuaiing -Wear and Tear -Ordnance, Sea Service -

the Appropriations for the Year J 9

= :/ i

I *' d'

Mtmvrtmdam: The publick Services, voted, addressed for, and enacted, in the Yean? n c

1703, amounted to - j 3>7

The Grants in Parliament, towards answering those Services, as the feme Grants were 1 ——

estimated in the House, when they passed, amounted to - - - - j 3>5 7* ________

The Grants, according to the estimated Value, were deficient of answering the publick ? ggS j 1 5

Services ----- ----- -3

The estimated Value of the Grants for 1703, was as aforesaid - 3,587,630-

Motfeyg annually voted in Parliament.

£. s. d. 129,314 10 3 77 2,086 9 ®f 488,988 2 if

694,877 16 8f

102,944 l7

21,102 14 2{

8,209,314 10 3

i*9,3i4 16 3

780.000 — —

494,ood — —

7 Oa,6c6 — —

104.000 — —

Stuns issue'd, to the 14 November, 1707.

2,209,314 IO 3

114,506 ——

567,536 12 4f 488,988 2 If

522,669 16 — 162,944 17 3f 16,065 9 91

1,812,104 *7 6f

87,600 — — 621,026 18 4f

49-1,000 ——

506,995! — 7 65,820 19 3!

1,774,846 18 3i

CcttipUriniks uRpaid on November, 1707.

jC*

14,814 10 3

204,549 *7 3l

172,808 — 8f 5>°37 4 5

397,209 i» 8f

42,314 10 rSa5V73 1

ft

195,660 19 5 38,179 — 8)

434,467 11 *>i

2

2

THE NAVAL STORES.

H ..... i - i .»">«. ——

The Sums actually supplied by those Grants, towards answer-) g

ing the publick Services, amounted to no more than - - J '*

The Difference is the Deficiency between the estimated Value of the Grants for 1703,") and the Moneys actually supplied thereby, which amounts to - -

So that the real Deficiency of the Funds, to answer the publick Services, voted ad-7" dressed for, and enacted, in the Year, 1703, is - - - -J

s.

37*»7a3 *9

d.

9k

496,412 II 2$

1704. Wages, including Marines ——

Victualing - -

Wear and Tear ——

Ordnance, Sea Service - -

Ordinary of the Navy: No Sum voted in this Year particularly; so the Charge thereof was taken out of) the other Heads, in proportion - 5

D

eg'

fh

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

rT

Total for the Year 1704 - -

Momorandum: The publick Services, voted, addressed for, and enacted, in the) f‘ Q, s‘ fear .704, amounted to ..... . 4.«fc866 .8 . ,t

The Grants in Parliament, towards answering those Services, as they were estimated,) in the House, when they passed, amount to - - - - j ,0

The Grants, according to the estimated Value, were deficient of answering the pub-7 lick Services for the Year 1704 ..

The estimated Value of the Grants as aforesaid

229,866 18 n|

4,000,000 ——

The Sums actually supplied by those Grants, towards answering) 00 c 6 8

the said publick Services, amounted to no more than - -3 3*9 >54 5*

The Difference is the Deficiency between the estimated Value of the Grants, and the? Moneys actually supplied thereby, which amounts to - - - -J

99 >453 11 6i

r

So that the real Deficiency of the Funds, to answer the publick Services, voted, ad-7 dressed for, and enacted, in the Year 1704, is - - - - -)

1705. Ordinary of the Navy, not exceeding ——

Wages, including Marines ——

Vi&ualing -

Wear and Tear ——

Ordnance, Sea Service - -

Ditto for a further Supply of Stores ——

Ditto towards the Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmuth

329,320 10 3J

Total for the Year 1705 -

Money* annually voUd in Parliament. Sums issued to the '24 November, 1707. Complements unpaid on 24 November9 1707.

S. dm £ £. s. d.

73I,507 1 2 683,01514 — 48>49* 7

463,287 l6 — 463,287 16 — i —

65*>356 7 — i 483,424 12 5 i74,93i *4 7*

97*534 5 6 81,718 3 ni 15,816 1 6 J

129,314 10 3 75,000 54,314 10 3

2,080,000 1,786,446 6 si a93*553 *3 6*

100,000 100,000 — —

780,000 770,853 1 2 9,146 t8 10

494,000 — — 494,000 — — —

702,000 — — 534.033 10 7 167,966 9 5

104,000 — — 103,850 — — 150

40,000 20,000 — — 20,000 — —

10,000 5,000 5,000

2,230,000 — — 2,027,736 11 9 202,263 8 3

2 6° Novembris. A. 1707.

g

CQ

f —

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

c§

O

C»

Memorandum: The publick Services voted, addressed for, and enabled, in the')

Year 1705, amounted to - - - - -J 5»°55»102

The Grants in Parliament, towards answering those Services, as the same were estimated") in the House, when they passed, amounted to - - - - -J

s. d.

16 —

3 4

The Grants, according to the estimated Value, are deficient of answering the said7 Services ----- ----- -5 34°>2I4

The estimated Value of the Grants, as aforesaid, was - - 4,714,888 3 4

The Sums, actually supplied by those Grants, towards answering") - ,

the publick Services of 17*5, »re - - - . ] 4.«57.834 *

"Tie Difference is the Deficiency between the estimated Value of the Grants^ and)

Moneys actually supplied thereby, which amounts to ' - - - ..5 57> 54

12 8

The the

3

So that the real Deficiency of the Funds, to answer the publick Services, voted, addressed)

for, and enacted, in the Year 1705, is

1706. Ordinary of the Navy, not exceeding -Wages, including Marines -Victualing - -

Wear and Tear ——

Ordnance, Sea Service -

Ditto, towards the Wharf and Store-house at Portsmouth - Ditto, for Stores for eight new Ships -

J 397,268 13 11

1

Total for the Year 1706 - -

s. d.

Memorandum: The publick Services, voted, and enacted, in 1706, amounted to - 5,086,761 16 2

The Grants in Parliament, towards answering those Services, as the same Grants? , 0_ ,

were estimated in the House, when the passed, amounted to - - - -3 __________

The Grants, according to the estimated Value, were deficient in , answering the said? 11000__________

Services ----- --- -}

This Sum of £. 11,000 is also the real Deficiency of the Funds, because the estimated - " ' "

Value of the Grants was actually supplied for the publick Services in the Year 1706.

1707. Ordinary of the Navy, not exceeding - - - _ -

Wages, including Marines - -

Victualing - - - , - '

Wear ana Tear ——

Ordnance, Sea Service - - - - - - " "

Ditto, towards the Wharf and Store-house at, Portsmouth - -. 4 - - . -

Total for the Year 17^7' "

£ s. d. £ s- d- \ £. s: d.

120,000 . 110,551 9A49

780,000 780,000

494,000 494,000

702,000 647>953 10 11 54,046 9 1

104,000 85,000 — — 19,000 — —

10,000 5,000 5,000 — —

18,238 17 4 5,000 13,23$ 17 4

2,228,238 17 4 2,127,504 10 r 1 ioo,734 6 5

120,000 120,000 — —

780,000 780,000

494,000 494,000

702,000 702,000

104,000 — — 104,000

10,000 10,000 — —

2,210,000 — 2,210,000 ——

OS

ON

Memorandum:Thejpobliek Services, voted, 'and 'eaa&ed, in the Tear 1707>^ 610048a 8 s{

amounted to - >*'* i

The Grants in Parliament, towards answering those Services, as the liune Grants were) , 5,

e&imated in the House, when they passed, amounted to - - , J

The- Grants, according to the-efti mated Value, are deficient of answering the said) t- .

Services.....j >58,100 sa 8

d^his'Sum of^. r^SifOo. *iar. % d. is ilfo the redl Deficiency oFlhe'PundV frecause tlfrefiSftSliSl Vaftfc "Of the Grants was actually supplied for the publick Services in this Year,

M.

djMaaaMa —

The ABSTRACT of the aforegoing ACCOUNTS.

The 'general Total, for the said Six Years, is

Ordinary Of the Navy - -

Wages, including Marines -Victualing -

Wear and Tear -Ordnance, Sea Service -TowarBs the Debt toSick mid Wounded Ordnance for a further Supply of Stored -

Ditto, for the Wharf and Store-house 41 'Fmptmth

The SUMS Voted. j SUMS Hhed. 1 CfiKpktiimti Snp&id. e v % -»

£. s. 13,166,867 17 10 i* s‘ 1*730)639 4 i 'Whereof 667,651 i 4,102,43a C 111 2,928,175 18 a| 3>396»48o i*> 6! 543*334 — 6* 16,065 9 9i 15.000 — — 20.000 — — if* - *' d. 11428,228 12 10|

72 7*943 10 9 4>*23>593 »o* 2,928,275 18 9i 4,161,234 3 81 616,479 a 21,10a 14 a| 50,000 — — 38,238 17 4 120,892 IO 9 4aiji6i 4 ill 7*4»753 *3 73,145 2 i| 5*037 4 5 25,000 18,138 17 4

13,166,867 17 10 h»738>639 4 ii| 1,428,228 12 io|

O

0

0

00- I

FT 4

Wm. iMtfttdn.

K

‘-4

V6 2VciW»£*r, 1707.

stjkfuMQffi

6 Ann.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Mult Duties.'House, a Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. ' Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven1

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) refoived itself into a Laud 1 ax. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

445

Hen. VIII. it is enacted, that no Person shall convey or export beyond the Sea, any Cloths, before the same be (horn, dyed, or coloured, upon forfeiture of the Value thereof; which Act is made perpetual by an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the 8th: That there being several Petitions presented to the House, from divers Clothiers of the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, complaining of a Stop being put to the Exportation of White Clo^h by the Commife lioners of the Customs, and praying that the Prohibition may be taken off, and the said Acts repealed; and the said Petitions being referred to a Committee; the Petitioners pray, that they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, what they have to offer against repealing the said Acts, which would tend to the Ruin of the Petitioners; and that Provision may be made for their further Encouragement.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, or otherwise, as they shall think fit.

A Petition of William Philipps, Gentleman, in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms, for challenging Sir Humphry Mackworth (a Member of this House) was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence; and praying to bedischarged out of Custody.

But Sir Humphry Mackworth not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the T^ble, until Sir Humphry Mackworth do come into the House.

26° — 270 N

Lords desire leave for a Member to attend them*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and

Sir Richard Ho/ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords defiie, that this House will give Leave to Sir John Jennings (a Member of this House) to come to a . Committee of Lords, appointed for Encouragement of Trade to the West

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

And afterwards they were called in; and Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, acquainted them, that this House had given Leave to Sir 7^# J&inings, to go to the Committee of Lords, appointed for Encouragement of Trade in the West Indies, if he think fit.

\ ' , 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 2 70 Novembris;

Anno 6* Annae Regirtae, 1707.

Pa AVERS.

Plantation /JR D E R ED, That the Report from the Commis-Irute. \J fl0ners of Trade, relating to the State and Trade of the Plantations, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy of the Kingdom, and also of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Ordered, That the monthly Dispositions and Proceedings of her Majesty's Navy, for the last Year, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Proceedings and Demolitions, at the Trial of Sir Thomas , be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Exporting A Petition of the Merchants, Dyers, Salters, Cloth-Cloth. workers. Packers, Pressers, D fa wets,' Setters, Tillot-pamters, and other Traders, depending on the Woollen Manufactures, inhabiting within the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, and also of several Clothiers, now in was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, of the 14th and 5th Vol. IS.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter from Mr. AJgill, in relation to the Book under Examination: And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Sir, Fleet, November 26, 1707.

Observing your Votes, for enquiring into the Author of a Book, signed with my Name; I think it my Duty to prevent the House loss of Time in that Enquiry.

What I wrote, I am ready to produce and recognize, whenever the House pleal'e to admit me to answer it in my Place; and not doubting, but they will adjudge my Right to that Admission, I hope, they will pleal'e to relpite ar.y further Cenlure upon it till then.

To the Right honourable Sir,

John Smith, Esquire, Your most humble Servant,

Speaker of the House of Commons. John AJgill.

Ordered, That the said Letter do lie upon tire Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Book is referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, trading to Portugal, Italy, and Spain, was referred, that they do consider of proper Encouragements to be given to Privateers; and that the Committee do fit de die in diem.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. _,7

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this

5 U Kingdom,

Privilege — A Person in custody petitions for Discharge*

Prophane Publication by a Member.

State of the Nuvy.

Bahama

I Hands.

446 270 — 28 0 Nov 1707.

Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2 8° die Novembris \

Anno 6' Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Graves, Col left or of her Majesty's Customs in the Bahama Islands, in the behalf of himself, and others, her Majesty's distressed Subjects in New Providence, and the rest of the Bahama Islands, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in February, 1705, the Petitioner presented a Memorial to most Members of this House, relating to the said Islands, and hath ever since constantly attended the Commissioners of Trade, and been by them examined; yet nothing has been further done in relation to the said Islands, tho' the Petitioner has had fresh Advice, that the French and Spaniards have lately twice plundered New ProvidenceAnd praying, that the de-

plorable Condition of the Inhabitants of the said Island

may be taken into Consideration, and speedy Relief granted unto them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy of the Kingdom, and also of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to direct him to lay before the House some other Estimates, and an Account; viz.

‘ An Estimate of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof for . the Year 1708; and also.

An Estimate of the Force on the Spanish and Portugal Establishments, with the Charge thereof for the Year 1708; and also,

An Account of her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidie?, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the Year 1708, should be laid before this House.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimates, and Accounts, are as follow; viz.

N° I. — ESTIMATE of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, J&fey, Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1708.

In South Britain, & c.

4

x

‘First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards -' Third Troop of Guards Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards

If

Queen's Rgiment, Brigadier Carpenter Earl of Essex's - -

First Regiment of Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Guards Sir Tho. Pendergaft' % Regiment Colonel Townshend's Regiment

o

Lieutenant General £r/'s - -

Brigadier Handafide's, at Jamaica - -_-

J Colonel Livefay' % ——

\ Colonel Lillings ton's. Leeward Islands -

Major General Mordaunt's, in Jersey and Guernsey -^Lord Pqfton's -

Four Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland -

General Officers - -

Contingencies upon Account Garilons, £s h.

Invalids -

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

181

- 181

- i*U

- 177

- 427 t. s. d.

*>*47 85,607 14 2

- 407

407

814 29,479 16 8

2,283

- *>'4

- 834

- 834 m A

3>°94

- 834

- 966

702 834 > *9*,345 4

- 834

834

5>°°4,

12,059 306,432 14 2

m 449

68

- 93

600 9,885 *7 6

*2,659 316,318 11 8

£ r. d.

10,669 10 —

7,501 16 8

17,510 1 8

5,000

- - 40,681 8 4

Total si 1 357,000

r

In all, Three hundred and Fifty-feren Thousand Pounds a Year.

H. St. John.

- Abstract

Army

Eluinaiea*

6 Ann.

28° NoQembrh.

ABSTRACT Of the present Ef»blishment, Anno 1707, Reckoning 336 Days to the Year. Forces, &c. in North Britain. COMPUTATION, In proportion to the Rates and Numbers allowed upon the Establishment of South Britain, Reckoning 365 Days to the Year.

Numbers. 122 63 386 786 578 3g9 *74 Charge. £. s. d. 6,804 2,693 12 — 14,212 16 — *3,43* 12 — 10,953 '2 — 7,677 12 — 2,368 16 — The Troop of Horse Guards. - - The Troop of Horse Grenadiers Two Regiments of Dragoons - The Regiment of Foot Guards Two Regiments of Foot - - - Another Regiment at Fort William - Three Independent Companies - * Numbers. l8l 177 814 1,467 1,668 834 *74 Charge. £. s.. d. 16,783 18 4 11,050 7 6 29,990 16 8 32,497 3 4 29,187 16 8 14,995 8 4 3,029 10 —

2,498 336 58,142 2.839 4 — 5,964 14 — *£ General Officers - - 3,084 5 - — Garisons, Cfic. - *> 13,098 17 2 5.3*5 617 *37 >535 — *° 16,183 2 2

*>834 A J . f Q

00,945 1 0 959 8 — Ordnance - - 5>932 *53»7 >8 3 — i,ct6 5 6

2.834 67,905 6 —

Total - - 5»932 154,734 8 6

JT*/JT

Besides what shall be granted for the Year 1708, there is due, for clearing the Expence of the military Establishment of North Britain, between the first of May and the 24th of , 1707, which the Funds

of that Part of the Kingdom, proving deficient, fell short of satisfying, and amounts to the Sum of 38,361. is. 8 d.

Mar.

II. — E ST I MATE of the Forces on the Spa^ish and Portugal Establishment, with the Charge thereof,

for the Year 1708.

Horse

Dragoons

Major General H Regiment

'The Royal Regiment Late Brigadier Ks

/ Colonel Edward Pearce's j Comte NaJJaus

I The French Regiment

rThe Earl of Regiment

Colonel Southwell's Colonel Tho. Pearce's Royal Regiment of Fuziliers -Lieutenant General Stuart's -Colonel Hill

Earl of Barrymore's Late Brigadier Blood's Colonel Newton's Lord Mountjoy's Colonel Alnut's Brigadier Gorge's Lord Mordaunt's

Colonel Wa

Foot - - / Lord Mohun's

Brigadier Sankey's Colonel Elliot's

Colonel Bos

Brigadier Mrackartney'

Marquis of Colonel Breton's Colonel Wat kin's Sir Charles Holbam's Colonel Caulfield's Colonel Sta

Lord Mark Kerr's Colonel de Magny's -Colonel Sibourg's - -

Colonel B/oJet's

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

- 418 23,107 IO xo

mm m 589

- 443

- 589

- 589

761

2,97* *04,907 1 8

m mo 876

mt mo 834

- 725

1 834

876

: :j > 2,628

725

- 876

- 834

m — 876

— m 1; *752

- 834

m 725

m m 834

- 834

am m 876

a 834 )

m > 3»33*>

) 1 725 A

f 2,900

) 93»734 420,492 3 4

Vol. 15.

General

»8° Novmbris. A. 1707.

Charge per Anuum.

General Officers ----- -- More, to serve with a Body of 13,000 Portuguejfe, pursuant to the Treaty ----- - £. s. d. 14,934 n 8 1,460 — — v. j£* S'

For the Charge of the Garison of Gibraltar Contingencies, upon Account - - - -Forage, Waggon-money, and Baggage-money, upon Account - >.77° 5 — 8,000 12,000 — — > 38,164 16 8

Total - - Which is lef$ than the Estimate for the Year 1707 j By so much laved on the Head of General Officers By two Regiments, demanded for the last Year, more than were fiopplied, on the Establishment -By three Regiments, transferred back to the Establishment of the 20,000 Men in Holland By another Regiment, transferred to the Establishment of the 40,000 Men in Holland - In all - - £. 6,601 1 6 30,033 8 4 45.545 18 4 15,51a 10 — 97.693 9 2 586,671 12 6

H. St.

JH. — Am ACCOUNT of her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the

Treaties, for the Year 1708.

To the King of Denmark, to be paid in Bank Money at Hamborough -

To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of

13.000 Men, 666,666 Patacooris, 33 Stivers, at 4 s. each- -

To the Duke of Savoy, at the rate of 53,333 Crowns 4- per Month -

To the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell - -

To the Elector of Treves ——

To the Elector Palatine ——

To the King of Prussia, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of

8.000 Men, lent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy -

Crowns a Year. Pounds Stir.

£. s. d.

150,000 37,500

600,000 150,000 — —

640,000 i6o,oco

25,000 5>952 7 6

25,000 5.952 7 6

20,000 4,701 18 6

200,000 50,000

More to the King of Prussia, by virtue of the Treaties of 1701 and 1706, on account of the 12,000 Men, sent by him to serve in the Netherlands; viz.

For her Majesty's Share of the Agio, or Difference between the

Money current in the Empire, apd the Rates the same Money is Oilders. St.

current in the Terri tpries, where his Troops are employed - 109,666 10

More, for her Majesty's Share of Bread ----- 153,097 16

More, for her Majesty's, Share of if orange, ----- 115,865 —

388,629 6

To the Landgrave of Hesse, for her Majesty's Quota of his additional Subsidy, on account of the 10,009 Men of his Troops in Italy -

More to him for defraying the Exjjences of Bread Waggons, Carriages, and of Hof-pitals for the Sckand Wounded, with the necessary Officers thereunto belonging More to him, upon accqunt of her, Majesty's Share of the Agio, or Loss by exchange of Money, upon the Pay of the Hessian Troops, remitted to Italy, as well as of the 3,000 Men in his owq Pay, duripg the six Months of their Winter Quarters

Total

1

3

37,0m 7 6

6 6,666 x 1

69,7964

37>578

i74,°4U 43,$*° 7 6

" £ 494,689 8 6

H. St. John.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimates, and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; A Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt Duties. Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That no Committee do meet, or fit, after Committee*. Prayers in a Morning; and that all, that shall be done at any Meeting, or Sitting, of any Committee, after that Time, be void: And that Mr. Speaker do from time to time acquaint the House with such Committees, as shall not observe this Order.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Land Tax. the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

6 Ann* 2§6 — 290 Notembris. — 10 Decembris. 449

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this tdoufe will, upon Monday Morning (next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Privilege._ Sir Humphry Mackworth being in the House; the

A Person in Petition of William Ph, Gentleman (presented to jlje the House Yesterday) was again read.

1 dr6c Ordered, That the said Mr. William Philips be brought

to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Mine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2 90 die Novembris \

Anno 6® Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

T«ave of flRDERED, That Mr. Bray have Leave to go into

Abieuce. the Country, for recovery of his Health.

Admiralty Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to 111st ructions to her Majesty, that she will please to give Directions, that Commodore the lnftrudions from the Admiralty to Commodore Ed-Edwards. wards, and the Accounts of his Proceedings, may be laid

before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will,-upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunest i° dieDece

Anno 6® Annas Reginse, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made Member* and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- take Oaths, feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of sundry Inhabitants of St. Andrew's, st.Andrew* Holhortt, was presented to the House, and read; let- Holborn, ting forth, that Part of the said Parish, which is in the *‘an<* County of Middlesex, has of late Years raised the Land Tax by Moieties, in two Divisions, called above the Bars, and below the Bars; but now the Buildings, and Rents, in one Division are much decreased, by reason of the great Increase of Buildings in the other Division; so that one Part pays above 4 s.in the Pound, and the other not near so much: And praying, that the Commissioners, which shall be appointed by the Land Tax Ad, now passing, may be impowered, and required, to assess the said Parish by an equal Pound Rate on the Whole, without the Distinction of above, and below.

Bars.

Privilege. — A Person reprimanded and discharged.

Mr. William Philips was (according to the Order of Yesterday) brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Philips be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Way*' night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and-Mean*. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mmber* Ordered That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

lummoped. House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, anft summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Prophann Mr. Edward Harley reported from the Committee, Publication to whom it was referred to examine, who was the Au-by a Member. Publisher, and Printer, of a Book, intituled,

" An Argument, proving, that, according to the Covenant of eternal Life, revealed in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence into that eternal " Life, without passing through Death, although the " human Nature of Christ himself could not be thus " tranlhted, till he had passed through Death;" and to report, what Passages are therein contrary to, and re-fkding upon the Christian Religion; that the Committee had examined and collected, the Matters directed, and had ordered him td report the same to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Union with The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Scotland. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That Admiral Whttfione do attend this House Address to Tomorrow Morning. Uilpend tk*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Admiral her Majesty, that Hie will please to give Directions for Whetstone, the suspendirtg the Trial of Admiral Whetflone, the the matter Matter, relating to him, being under the Examination *>le,n8tlbe£ore of this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Paper* re-her Majesty, that ihe will please to give Directions, that lating to him. the lnftrudions, Orders, and Letters, wrote by the Admiralty to Admiral Whetstone, and Letters from him, relating to his convoying the Russia Fleet, and his cruizing before Dunkirk, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to hef Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Answer t« Address, of Saturday last, having been presented to her Address. Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to give Directions, that the lnftrudions from the Admiralty to Commodore Edwards, and the Accounts of his Proceedings, might be laid before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, that all the said Papers be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to pa0erJ her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, receding that all Orders and Letters to, and received from, Com- Commodore modore Edwards, may be laid before this House. Edwards.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her J&yefty's most honourable Privy Council.

5 X Resolved,

lord

Admirals

Council*

Convoys and Cruizers,

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Papers respecting Commodore Ldwurds.

llumbers take Oaths*

San tbs' Nat.

Answexs to Addreires.

450-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will please to give Directions, that a Copy of the Commission to the Council of his Royal Highness, as Lord High Admiral, and of the Oath taken by them, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will be pleased to give Directions, that such Representations, as have been presented to her Majesty by the Commissioners of Trade, relating to Convoys and Cruizers for the lafi: Year, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year, 1708.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Walpole acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to direct, that several Papers, relating to Commodore Edwards, should be laid before the House.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 20 die Decembris \

Anno 6° Ann* Reginae, 1707.

Praters.

COME other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and lub-feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of Marcos Dos Santos was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born in Portugal, out of her Majesty's Allegiance, but professeth the true Protestant Religion: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Eden, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Commission to the Council of his Royal Highness, as Lord High Admiral, and of the Oath taken by them.

1707.

may be laid before the House; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Harley also acquainted the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That her Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, that all Orders and Letters to, and received from, Commodore Edivards, may be laid before the House; and that her Majesty had been pleased, in answer to a former Address, to give Directions for all Papers, relating to Commodore Edwards, to be laid before this House.

Mr. Secretary Harley also acquainted the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That the would be pleased to give Directions, that such Re- ' presentations as have been presented to her Majesty by the Commissioners of Trade, relating to Convoys and Cruizers for the last Year, may be laid before this House; and that her Majesty had given Directions to the proper-Officer, for doing the fame.

Mr. Secretary Harley also acquainted the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That the would be pleased to give Directions for the suspending the Trial of Admiral; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Harley also acquainted the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That the would be pleased to give Directions, that the Instructions, Orders, and Letters, wrote by the Admiralty to Admiral Whetstone, and Letters from him, relating to his convoying the Ruftia Fleet, and his cruizing before Dunkirk, may be laid before the House; and that her. Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, for those Papers to be laid before the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

i° — 2° De.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned of th*

till this Day Seven-night; and that such Members, as Hoafe.

shall not then attend, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into State of the a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of NaTy* the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onftozv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and bad directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Ordered, That Admiral Whetstone do attend the said Committee upon Saturday Morning next, with his Journal of his Voyage towards Ruftia.

Ordered, That the Merchants, who have attended the said Committee, do attend the same again upon. Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Kell do attend the said Committee, with his Journal of his Voyage to

-Supply Bill; Duties on East India Goods.

Santofc> Nat.

Annesley's Eftaie.

6 Ann.

30 — 4° Decembris.

45

Mercuriiy 30 dieDecembris;

Anno 6* Anna Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for better securing the Duties of East India Goods; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Eden (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for naturalizing Marcos Dos Santos; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Francis Anncjley, Esquire, was presented to the' House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of the late King William, all the forfeited Estates in Ireland were veiled in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the publick Debts; and every Person, having an Interest in those Forfeitures, were to enter their Claims by the i oth of Atiguft, 1707, and, in Default thereof, to be lor ever barred; and the Decrees of the said Trustees were to be final: That Robert , Esquire, entered his Claim for -J- Parts of the Lands of Tippenan, in the County of Kildare, as defeended from his Ancestors, and no Part of the Estate of the late King James-, and the Trustees, on hearing the said Claimant, decreed one Moiety to him, and dismist his Claim for the other Moiety, as being the Estate of the late King James: That the Petitioner, being Tenant to that Parc of the Lands (the Estate of the.late King James) and not doubting, but' that all-Purchases under the Sanction of an English Law should be safe, did bid, upon the

Cant, for the same £.600; the Agent for Mr. Dixon bidding only £. 595, and the Petitioner was declared the Purchaser, and had the said Moiety of 7 conveyed to him according to the Directions of the said Act: That the said Dixon brought his Ejectment for the Moiety, conveyed to the Petitioner, and had a Verdict and Judgment for all, except ten Acres thereof; and the said Judgment was affirmed, on a Writ of Error, in the Queen's Bench at Westminster, and, on another Writ of Error, affirmed in the Lords House; whereupon Dixon executed a Writ of Enquiry of Damages, and had a Verdict and Judgment for £.404 id. and also, upon an Habere facias , directed to his

Brother, Sir Kildare Burrowes, then Sheriff of the County of Kildare, turned the Petitioner out of Possession, not only of Tippenan, but also out of the ten Acres, and also of a considerable Part of the Petitioner's ancient Estate; and, by reason of Privilege of Parliament in Ireland, the Petitioner has not been able to get his own ancient Estate again: That the Petitioner has taken all the Steps he was advised to, which has been very expensive, even to the almost Ruin of himself, and Family: And praying, that the House will take his Calc into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

- And it is referred to Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Freeman, Sir William Drake, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cxfar, Mr. , Mr.' Mont-

gomery, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Manley, Mr. Conyers, Sir t‘bo.Burnet, Mr. Shuttle Mr. Mr.

Lownds, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Gale, Sir Jeffry Jeffreys, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Anneftey, Colonel Lee, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Windsor, Mr. , Mr. Southwell, Mr. Moncriff, Mr. Morley: And they are to meet this After-. noon, at Five Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Vol. 15.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Supply, Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morft- Supply Bill j ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutie* House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply Bill} a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Land TaXl of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill and had' directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis)40 die Decembris;

Anno 6° Anna: Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made ftfembeis and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- take Oaths, feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bedford \Vrit< the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in the room of Sir Philip Baronet,

deceased.

Mr. Paget acquainted the House, that (pursuant to Papers re-their Address to her Majesty) he was commanded, by spefting Ad1 his Royal Highness, the Lord High Admiral, to present ^Comnro* to the House, - doreEdward*.

Copies of all the lnltructions, Orders, and Letters*

Wrote by the Admiralty to Rear Admiral and

Letters from him, relating to his cruizing before Dunkirk, and convoying the Russia Fleet; and also.

Copies of all lnltructions from the Admiralty to Commodore Edwards, and the Accounts of his Proceedings into the Soundings with the Lisbon Trade; and also,

A Copy of a Commission from the Prince to Sir Da- Lord High vid Mitchell, Knight, George Churchill, Richard Hill, Admirals Hen. Paget, Esquires, Sir Cloudefly Knight, ouncl*

Robert Walpole, Esquire, and Sir Stafford Fairborne,

Knight, to be of his Council for the Affairs of the Admiralty.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The Copy of the Commission is as followeth; viz.

HIS Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, (Ac.

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ireland, (Ac, and of all her Majesty's Plantations, (Ac. and Gene-raliffimo of all her Majesty's Forces, (Ac. To Sir David Mitchell, Knight, George Churchill, Esquire, Ad- miral of the Blue Squadron of her Majesty's Fleet, Richard Hill, the honourable Henry Pagelt, Esquires, Sir Cloudejly Shovell, Knight, Admiral, Commander in chief of her Majesty's Fleet, Robert Walpole, Esquire, and Sir

Stafford

45 2 4°-"~5° Decem. 1767.

Stafford Fairbornt, Knight, Vice Admiral of the Red Squadron of her Majesty's Fleet, Greeting.

Know ye, That I, Prince George of , isc.

£*ord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, and of all her Majesty's Plantations, £nV. and Genera-liffimo of all her Majesty's Forces, fsV. reposing great Trust and Confidence in your Integrity, Fidelity, Prudence, Experience, and Circumfpedlion, have nominated, ordained, made, constituted, and appointed, and by these Presents do nominate, and ordain, make, constitute, and appoint, you, the said Sir David Mitchell, Knight, George Churchill, Richard Hill, the honourable Henry Pagett, Esquires, Sir Cloudejly Knight, Robert

Walpole, Esquire, and Sir Stafford Fairborne, Knight, to be, and who shall be, and be called. The Council of the High Admiral of Great Britain, £f hereby authorizing, and impowering, and requiring, you, or any one or more of you, from time to time to be aiding and assisting to me, as well with your Counsel and Advice, as all'o with your Attendance, Labour, and Pains, in, touching, or concerning, and in receiving, examining, and preparing for my Approbation, Dispatch, and finishing, all Matters and Things belonging, or anywise appertaining, to my said Office, or the Execution of it; and also to do, and direct to be done, all Matters and Things, that shall relate to my Office, in my Name, according to such Orders and Instructions, as you shall from time to time receive from me: And I do hereby impower you, or any one or more of you, to administer the Oaths, and Declaration, appointed to be taken, and made, by an Act, of the first Year of King William and Queen Mary, to all such Persons, who shall from time to time receive Commissions and Warrants from me, appointing them to any Office in her Majesty's Navy, Yards, or otherwise; and also to administer the usual Oaths to all Mailers of Ships, that shall from time to time receive Pafles from myself, to secure them from the Ships belonging to the Government of Algiers. Given under my Hand, and the Seal of the Office of Lord High Admiral, the 28th Day of June, 1707, in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign.

George.

By Command of his Royal Highness.

J. Burchett.

The said other Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Great A Petition of Nicholas Pollexfen, Esquire, was pre-Bedwin fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the Election. of pf0Vemker last the Election came on, for chusing

a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Tracey by Bribery, and

other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned, and by the like Practices gained a Majority of Votes from the Petitioner for his Uncle, Mr. Edward Paunceford, the better to secure his own unjust Election, and prevent the Petitioner's Complaint to the House: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That thefConGderation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Scotland — The House being moved, that the Act, made in Scot-repealing AA land, in the third Session of the first Parliament of her o/the Ki'ig- Majesty, intituled, " An Adfc for the Security of the dom, &cc." Kingdom," be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and that Sir James Campbell, Sir 16

Thom. Burnet, Mr. Had dan, Mr. Bail lie, Mr. Cockburn,

Sir Andr. Hume, Mr. Morifon, Sir Peter Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Monflon acquainted the House, that (pursuant to Convoys and

their Address'to her Majesty) he, from the Commission- Cruizers. ers of Trade and Plantations, was directed to present to the House their Report, relating to Convoys and Cruizers.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Prizes Majesty, that (he will please to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account of all Prizes taken, and re-taken, and by whom, during the War, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Prizes do lay Ditt*. before this House, an Account of all Prizes taken, and the Times when taken, and also of the Adjudications, and Times thereof, and of the Appraisements of such Prizes, and Produce thereof, and bow distributed, end when.

Ordered, That an Account of the Incomes and Issues Revenues, of the Revenues, Taxes, and Loans, for the Year end- Taxes> ing at Michaelmas last, be laid before this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Prophane ing next, take into ConGderation the Report, relating Publication to the Book, intituled, " An Argument, proving, that, ty* Member, " according to the Covenant of eternal Life, revealed " in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence into that eternal Life, without passing through Death,

" altho* the human Nature of Christ himself could " not be thus translated, till he had palfed through " Death."

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Union with a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Scotland, of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nipe a Clock.

V eneris, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 6° Annse Reginse, 1707.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that some of the Prohibited Commissioners of the Customs attended, they East India,

were God*

6 Ann. 5® — 6°Decembris. 453

were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House (pursuant to the Act of Parliament for that Purpose) the several Accounts following;

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods by the old East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. what exported, and what remains, from the 29th Sept. 1706, to the 25 Mar. 1707; also, An Account of the said Goods by the old Company, which pay only the Half Subsidy, in a Warehouse at St. what exported,

and what remains, from 29th Septem. 1706, to the 25 March, 1707;

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods by the united East India Company, in a Warehouse, at St. Hellens, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from September 29th, 1706, to March 25th, 1707: An Account of the prohibited East India Goods by the new East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse in the ,what exported, and what remains, from 29th Sept. 1706, to 25 March, 1707; also. An Account of the said Goods by the new Company, which pay only the Half Subsidy, in the Warehouse in the Steel-yard, what received in, delivered out, and what remains, from 29th September, 1706, to 25th March, 1707; also, An Account of the said Goods by the United East India Company, in the Warehouse at Leaden-hall, what received in, delivered out, and what remains, from 29th , 1706, to

the 25th March, 1707:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty's Warehouse, at the Custom-house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas, 1706, to Lady-day, 1707:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in her Majesty's Warehouse in the Custom-house, London, (being the Goods formerly at the Out Roper's Office) what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas,

1706, to Lady-day, 1707:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods by the old East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and what remains, from 25th March, 1707, to 29th September, 1707; also, An Account of the said

Goods by the old Company, which pay only Half Subsidy, in the Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and what remains, from 25th March, 1707, to 29th September, 1707; also, An Account of the said Goods by the united East India Company, in the Warehouse at St. Hellens, what has been brought in, what exported, and what remains, from 25th March, 1707, to 29th September, 1707:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods by the new East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse at the Steel-yard, what exported, and what remains, from March 25th, 1707, to September 29th, 1707; also, An Account of the said Goods by the new Company, which pay only Half Subsidy, in the Warehouse at the Steel-yard, what received in, what exported, and what remains, from the 25th March, 1707, to 29th Sept. 1707; also, An Account of the said Goods by the united East India Company, in a Warehouse at Leaden-hall, what has been brought in, what exported, and what remains, from 25th

1707, to the 29th of Sept. 1707:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in her Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, London (being the Goods formerly at the Out-Roper's Office) what exported, and what remains, from 1707,

to Mich. Day, 1707:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Lady-day, 1707, to Michaelmas Day, 1707.

And the Tit es thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Ocffion.

Vo L. 15.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Bo- Watchett rough of Watchett, with other Parts, adjoining to the Harbour.

County of Somerset, and also of divers neighbouring Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, dwelling near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read y setting forth, that by the Violence of the Sea the said Town, and Navigation there, is almost loft, their Key being thereby quite thrown down, to the great Prejudice of her Majesty's Customs, the Loss of several Ships, {ailing to Bristol, Bridgwater, and other Places, and the utmost Peril of Ruin to the remaining Part of Watcbet Town, and Trade: That the Inhabitants, Freeholders, and several Lords, of the Town of Watchett, made a By--' law, for laying a Duty upon all Sort of Goods im--ported, or exported from the said Key, and a Decree in the Court of Chancery was had, for confirming the lame; but here being no Power of taking Distress, the Bylaw and Decree prove ineffectual: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying, and levying, the said Duties, upon all Goods imported into, and exported from, the said Town of Watchett, for repairing the said Key.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Palmer, and Mr. Pigott, and Mr. Portman, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for better securing the Duties of East India Goods, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Billj Duties on East India Goods.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of LwriTax. the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 6° dieDecembris;

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made Member* and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub- take Oaths, feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Sir William Ashhurst reported from the Committee, Collusive to whom the Petition of the Merchants, trading to - in

tugal, Italy, and Spain, on behalf of themselves, and other Merchants trading to those Parts, was referred j that they had examined the Matter of the Petition, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Scotland-

The House being moved, that the Act, made in the repealing Act first Session of the first Parliament of her Majesty's

5 Reign, d0Bn> &c> ®

6* — 8" — 9° Decembris.

454

Reign, in Scotland, intituled, " Act anent Peace and " War," may be read;

The same was readaccordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to repeal the Act for the Security of the Kingdom, that they do also provide for the repealing the said Act, anent Peace and War.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Addrefc. Address having been presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account of all Prizes, taken, and retaken, and by whom, during the War, may be laid before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions for the speedy preparing the said Account.

State of the The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Navy* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunae, 8° Decembris;

Anno 6# Anna Reginas, 1707.

Prat ers.

Tl/fARCOS Dos Santos took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Members Some Members took the Oaths, and made and fub-take Oaths, feribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Cherill Hill Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Roads. the better Amendment of that Way, which leads from the Top of Cherill Hill, through Caine, to Studlty Bridge, in the County of Wilts', and that Mr. Duckett, Mr. Bayhtun, and Mr. Mompeffon, do prepare, and bring, in the Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Malt Duties', next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708.

A. 1707;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, consider of the State of the War with Spain,

Ordered, That a State be laid before this House, what Number of Forces were in Spain or ,at the raising the Siege of Barcelonaj and also what Forces, or Supplies, have been since that Time sent into and Portugal, and when.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, what Forces were at the Battle of Almanza, and also of what other Forces were then in Spain, and and

where they were, and also of what Number of Forces have been since sent thither, and when.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Distribution of the Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pound, granted by Parliament for the Service of

Spain, for the Year 1706, and of the Excess upon that Head, if any.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the General Officers, Field Officers, and other Officers, of her Majesty's Forces in Spain, distinguishing which were present at the Battle of Almanza, and which were absent.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of all Sums of Money, annually granted by Parliament for her Majesty's Land Forces, and what Sums were issued for Payment thereof, and how the same have been applied, distinguishing the general Heads, and several Armies.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of such Officers, as have been absent from their Commands,-either in Flanders, or the West Indies.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (lie will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay the said State, Accounts, and Lifts, before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for America* the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade. Trade; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Dolben, Sir Geo. Bing,

Sir John Jennings, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Ailmer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708, was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and feme of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Duties on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better Gwds"d a securing the Duties on East India Goods.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir H^nry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, that they had had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

State of War Resolved, That a Day be appointed, to take into with Spain. Consideration the State of the War with Spain,

Martis, 90 die Decembris;

Anno 6* Anna: Regina;, 1707.

Prayers.

/) RDER ED, That Sir Thomas Clark have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Petition of William Sheppard, Esquire, (eldest Son, Sheppard'* and Heir, of Sir Robert Sheppard, Knight, deceased, Marriage and Dame Elizabeth, his Wife) an Infant, under the Srtden>«u^. Age of 21 Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of the Petitioner's laid Father and Mother, so divers

Supply Bill; Duties on Kail India Guoils.

Scotland —

repealing Act for Security of the King* dam, &c.

t. Col.

Slavery's

Petition.

Exporting

Cloth*

l etter to Mr. Speaker fioin Mr.

AfcilL

£> Ann.

90 Decembr

455

divers Lands in Oxfordshire were settled in Tail Male upon their issue, and the Petitioner is Tenant in Tail in Possession of Part, and Tenant in Tail expedant of the rest, after his Mother's Life, and, in regard of his Minority, cannot make any Settlement of his Estate: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to make a Settlement upon any Woman he shall happen to marry, before he shall attain his Age of 21 Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Robert Jenkinjonand Sir Edward do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Duties of East India Goods, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question

fut thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made 'art of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir James Campbell (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for repealing, and declaring the Determination of, two Acts, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one intituled, Act for Security of the " Kingdom," the other, " Act anent Peace and War j" and the Bill was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, in behalf of himself, the Major, and all the Subaltern Officers, of the late Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by the Marquis of Miremont, was presented to the House. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of cester, complaining of a Stop being put to the Exportation of white Cloth, and other Petitions, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House j and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received another Letter from Mr.; which was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Sir, Fleet, December 9*, 1707.

I Hope the Call of the House (or the Report on my Book) will occasion the Judgment of the House, in calling me to my Place.

As an additional Help to obstruct that, I understand, there is a close Application made against me, as being guilty of a Breach of Trust in Purchaseof Lord Ken-mare's Estate in Ireland.

Against this I have no way of Defence, but by Letter to your Chair; which yet I should not have done, had not some Members been plealed to declaim, what Influence this hath had on them in the Matter of my Privilege, now depending; which I hope will plead my Pardon for the following Narrative.

Several Years since I was expelled the House of Commons in Ireland, on Pretence of the Book, now to be reported.

But about three Days after, the true Cause of this Vet. 15.

Expulsion appeared, by delivering a Petition into that House against me, for Breach of this Trust, which was heard at the Bar of the House; where there appeared against me four Witnesses, two Counsel at the Bar, and four Managers in the House, who bad been chief Sticklers for my Expulsion.

Against these I made my Defence alone, having my1 Innocence for my Counsel, and the Contradiction of their own Witnesses for my Evidence; and after the Petition had been exposed to be as ridiculous, as it was false, it was rejected.

Ever since that I have offered them to wave my Privilege to any Bill.

And having been lately shewn a Petition, prepared (as is said) for this House, 1 have pressed them to deliver it, flattering myself,' that the hearing of the Cause may prove some Diversion to the House for all the Trouble (so unwillingly) occasioned to them by.

To the Right honour- Sir,

able the Speaker of Your most humble Servant, the House of Commons. John AJgill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thurs- Call of the day, the fifteenth Day of January next; and that such House. Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write his Letters to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties,.to summon the Members, who are in the Country, to attend the Service of the House upon the said 15 th Day of January next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Prophane That this House do now proceed in the Consideration ^"aMember of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was #xn " referred to examine, who was the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of a Book, intituled, " An Argument,

" proving, that, according to the Covenant of eternal " Life, revealed in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence into that eternal Life, without passing " through Death, altho' the human Nature of Christ " himself could not be thus translated, till he had passed " through Death

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas)

Tellers for U,eNoeS)^afr'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken in Considera* tion upon this Day Seven-night; and nothing to intervene.

1161.

Answer Xq Addrefn

Ordered, That Mr. Duckett, Sir Henry Lyddall, Sir Privilege John Awhrey, Mr. Bere, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. of j

man. Sir John Mordant, Mr. Heysham, Sir Robert Pol- 1111 *r m lock, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Rice, be added to the Committee to whom the Matter of Mr. AJgill'sComplaint, is referred.'

Mr. Sec re tar}' Harley acquainted the House, that their Address of Yesterday having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would please to give Directions to the proper Officers; to lay before this House, a State, Accounts, and Lifts, relating to the raising the Siege of Barcelona, to the War with Spain, and Battle at Almanza, and to the Officers of the Army, absent from their Commands, and to the Money annually granted by Parliament for her Majesty's Land Forces, and the issuing thereof; her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that (he had given Directions to the proper Officers, that those Things should be immediately laid before this House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself Into a Union with Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Scotland.

those

456 9° — 10° — i

those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Comptonalfo acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 6° Anna Regina, 1707.

Prayers.

Members lake Oaths

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Privilege Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Mr.

of a Member Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Shackerley, Mr.

under Arrest. Tempest, Mr. Haddan, Mr. Gauntlet, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Matter of Mr. Jfgill's Complaint, is referred.

Santos'Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Marcos Dos Santos, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir William AshhuSir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Montgomery, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Anneftey, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Haddon, Mr.

Mr. Moor, Mr. Neville, Mr. Fulham, Sir Tho. Burnet, Mr. Snell, Mr Ward, Nit. England, Mr Mr. Kent,

Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Gale, Sir Edward Norreys: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) proceeded in the Land Tax. further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708, was committed.

And proceeding upon the Lists of Commissioners, for executing the said Act:

And the List of Commissioners for the County of Cambridge being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That John Brownell, Esquire, Hand as a Commissioner for the said County;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas^'^Sekmnrth }*:

Tellers for the Noes,^'^RSullen: }101 '

So it passed in the Negative.

Then other Lifts, as far as the Lift for the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, were severally read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Additions to fotne of them) agreed unto by the House.

i° Decembris. A. 1707,

And the said List of Commissioners for the Town of Colchester being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Edmond Hickeringill, Clerk, be inserted a Commissioner for the said Town of;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Lift for the County of EJJ'ex being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Edmond Hickeringill, do Hand Commissioner for the said County;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Lists of Commissioners were read, and (with feme Additions to several of them) upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

All the Lists of the said Commissioners being gone through, several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy n° die Decembris;

Anno 6° Annae Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

r\R D E R E D, That the Report from the Committee, ColMve to whom the Petition of several Merchants, trading Trade in to Portugal, Italy, and Spain, was referred, be received " uie<i-To-morrow Mcrning.

A Petition of Katherine Clark was presented to the Clark's Nat House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is Daughter of Sir Wm. Clark, late of Shabbington, in the County of Bucks, Baronet, deceased, and Dame Katherine, his Wife, but was born in Paris, in France, out of her Majesty's Allegiance: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioner's Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Onslow and Mr. Medlicot do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Exporting . into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to cloth.* whom the Petition of divers Clothiers in the County of Gloucester, complaining of a Stop being put to the

Exportation of white Cloth, and other Petitions, was referred.

And the Report was read, and the Resolutions thereupon; which Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that, since the Month of May Iaft, the Officers of her Majesty's Customs have put a Stop to the Exportation of all white woollen Cloths, without making any Distinction between such, as are dressed, and such, as are not dressed: That this they had done by refuting to suffer any Entries to be made of any such Cloths, in order to Exportation; by giving general Notice, that they would seize upon any. such Cloths of the aforesaid Sorts, as should be shipt; and by seizing divers such Cloths, as aforesaid, as were shipt, or shipping, in order to be exported.

To all which the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs have given to the Committee an Answer, in Writing, in these Words;

Whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the 14th and 15th Hen. VIII. Cap. 3. it is enacted, that no Person or Persons convey or transport into any Parts beyond the Seas any manner of Cloths, or Worsteds,

before

6 Ann.

i i* Decembris.

before the same Cloths be ftiorfi, dyed, coloured, and calendered, upon Pain of forfeiture the Value thereof; which said Act is made perpetual by an Act, made 21 Hen. VIII. Cap. 21. And whereas by another Act,

made 27 Hen. VIII. Cap. 13. it is enacted, that no white Cloth, above the Value of £.4, or coloured Cloth, above the Value of £. 3,shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, unrowed, unbarbed, or unihorn, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Cloths; which said Act is confirmed by another Act, made 33® Hen. VIII. Cap. 19. And whereas there was a Patent granted by the late King Charles the ad, bearing date at the 15th Day of April, in the 28th Year of his Reign, to Sir James Hayes and Sit Peter , their Executors and Administrators, being a Licence to export white woollen Cloths, with a Non-objl to the several Acts of Parliament for prohibiting the fame; which laid Patent was reserved to the Proprietors by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the 11th and lath Years of the late King William 3d, Cap. aoth, intituled, "An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, exported," there being then about Eight Years to come in the said Grant; but the said Patent expiring in or about the Month of May last, the said Acts of Prohibition are in full Force.

That the Committee think it their Duty to take Notice of a Mistake in this Answer: The same being given to the Committee, as the Officers of the Customs Answer to the Petition of the Gloucestershire Clothiers, before the Wiltshire Petitions were presented to this House, the Officers of the Customs could not reasonably allege the Statutes of the 27th and 33d Hen. VIII. which only prohibit the Exportation of Cloths of above a certain Value, unless they be barbed, rowed, and (horn; for the Complaint of the Glouceft Clothiers Petition is, that they are stopt from exporting their white Cloths, which are all barbed, rowed, and (horn.

That the said Officers of the Customs are also mistaken, in laying in their Answer, that the Penalty of the said Statutes is Forfeiture of the Cloth; for the said Statutes say, that the Exporter shall forfeit the Value of the Cloth; but the Cloth itself is not declared to be forfeited by any Statute, unless in that of the 33d Hen. VIII. which is only as to Cloths, which were not barbed, rowed, and lhorn.

That, upon Perusal of the Statutes, referred to by the Officers of the Customs in their said Answer, and of all other Statutes (as far as this Committee is informed) relating to the Exportation, or Limitation of Exportation, of woollen Cloths, if. appears to the Committee,

That it has been provided by the Statute, of the 7th of EHw. IV. Cap. 3d, that no Cloth should be exported, before it be fulled, and fully wrought.

Now what is meant by being fully wrought, is particularly explained by the 8th of Queen Eliz. Cap. 16th, viz. barbed, rowed, first-coursed, and (horn.

That by the Statute of 3 Hen. VII. Cap. 11, it is provided, that no Cloth be exported, before it be barbed, rowed, and (horn: Then follow some Exceptions, which relate not to the Subject of any of the Petitions, referred to the Committee.

By the 5th Hen. 8th, Cap. 3d, that white woollen Cloths, not exceeding each the Value of five Marks, may be exported, tho' not barbed, rowed, or (horn: So that hitherto there was not any Restraint from exporting of white woollen Cloths, which are barbed, rowed, and (horn; which is the Cafe* in which the Gltucester-shire Petition craves Relief.

That the Statute of the 14th and 15th Hen. 8th, Cap. 3d, referred to by the Officers of the Customs in their aforesaid Answer, is intituled, " Touching Worsted " Weavers of Yarmouth and Lynn The Preamble, and the whole Body of the Act, expressly relates to Stuffs, Cloth of Worsted, Sayes, and Stammills, only, and made only at Lynn, and Yarmouth; but the last Clause in the said Act is in these general Words: " That any Vol. 15.

" Person, who shall export any inanner of Cloth, or Worsteds; before the same be (horn, dyed, co oured,

and calendered, shall forfeit the Value, half to the Crown, and half to the Informer.*'

That the 27th Hen. VIII. Cap. 13th (to which the Officers of the Customs refer in their said Answer) takes Notice, that the Price of Wool is much increased since the aforesaid Statute, of the 5th of Hen. 8th; and therefore allows of the Exportation of white woollen Cloths* of £.4 Value, and under* and of coloured Cloths of £. 3 Value, and under, tho' not barbed, rowed, or (horn, but that the Exporter of white woollen Cloths, of above £. 4 Value, unless barbed, rowed, and shorn, and coloured Cloths, of above £. 3 Value, uless first barbed, rowed, and (horn, shall forfeit the Value of what he exports, half to the Crown, half to the Informer.

That the 33d Hen. VIII. Cap. 19. (which is also referred to in the said Custom-house Officers Answer) is pursuant to that of the 27th Hen. VIII. last mentioned; only it enacts further, that the Time of incurring the Penalty shall be upon shipping, in order to export, tho* there be no actual Exportation; and the Forfeiture is the Cloth, or the Value.

That the Statute, of the 14th and r 3 th Hen. 8 th, aforementioned, being temporary, was continued in the 21 Hen.

8th; afterwards it expired, and was again revived, ind perpetuated, by the Statute of 26. 8th, Cap. 16.

And the last Clause thereof, already recited, is thelole Foundation (as far as appears to this Committee) upon which the Officers of the Customs can any ways pretend to hinder the Exportation of such white woollenCloths, as are barbed, rowed, and shorn; which is the same of the Gloucestershire Petitioners, whose Cloths are stopt by virtue of the last Clause of the said Statute, of the 14th and 15th Hen. VIII. only for not being dyed; which Clause fays, that any Person, who shall export any manner of Cloth, or Worsted, before the same be shorn, dyed* coloured, and calendered, shall forfeit the Value, tec.

That the Committee think it their Duty to represent* that they very much doubt, whether the said Clause ought to be construdd to extend in general to woollen Cloths i 1 ft. For that the Title, as well as Preamble, and Body, of the Act do shew, that the same was made particularly as to Cloth of Worsted, and Stuffs, tec. as the Manufactures of Lynn and Yarmouth:

2dly, Because the Words of the said last Clause of the said Act, prohibiting Exportation, are, " unless, or " before, the same be first lhorn, dyed, coloured, and " calendered;" which Word " calendered" being joined to the preceding Words by the Copulative " and, " if this Statute be interpreted to relate to woollen Cloth in general, there appears as good a Reason for Hopping the Exportation of woollen Cloth, for not being calendered* as for not being dyed; which cannot be; because it is well known, that Stuffs and Worsteds are calendered* but woollen Cloth is never calendered:

3dly, All the other Acts of the same King's Reign* peruled by the Committee, being Four or Five in Number, relating to the Exportation, or Limitation of the Export of white Cloths, do always use the Expression of woollen Cloths; but the Expression in this Clause, of the 14th and 15th Hen. 8th, is Cloth and Worsteds; which* it is conceived, may relate only to another Sort of Cloth, made at Lynn, and Yand not to woollen Cloths: And this the Committee the rather conceive, because the Body of the same Act mentions particularly Cloth of Worsted, Sayes, tec. but doth no where mention woollen Cloth; and it appears, there was a Manufacture called Cloth of Worsted, otherwise called Cloth Rash, and Cloth Serge, which were all one and the same Thing:

Lastly, The Acts of the 17th and 33d Hen. 8th (both which were made after the perpetuating of that of the 14th and 15th of the same King) which provide, that white woollen Cloths of £. 4 Value, and under, may be exported* tho' not barbed, rowed, or lhorn, but

5 Z that

Exporting Cloth.

30QLe

45 8

Exporting tha,t the Exporter of white woollen Cloths, of above Cloth. the value of £. 4, unless the same be first barbed, rowed, and (horn, shall forfeit the Value, do plainly imply, that woollen Cloths, of any Value, barbed, rowed, and (horn, might'not be exported, tho' not dyed } and that the Prohibition in the aforesaid Statute of the 14th and 15th Hen. VIII. was not at that Time understood to extend to woollen Cloths in general, but to some other Cloth of Worded, the then Manufacture of Lynn, and Yarmouth.

However, the Committee do humbly submit it to the Consideration of the House, whether or no the said lad Clause of the said Statute, of the 14th and 15th Hen. VIII. may not need some Explanation.

That it further appeared to the Committee, that the same of the Petitioners from Chippenham, and other Places, in the County of Wilts (whose Petitions were likewise referred to the Committee) doth differ from that of the Gloucestershire Petitioners; for that the white

woollen Cloths, the Exportation of which the Wiltshire Petitioners do complain is now stopt, are not barbed, rowed, or (horn; so that, if the aforesaid Statute, of the 14 and 15th Henry 8th, were not now in being, the Exportation of such white Cloths, if above the Value of four Pounds, leems to be prohibited by the aforesaid Statutes of 7th Edward 4th, Cap. 3. 3 Hen. VII, Cap. 11. 27 Hen. VIII. Cap. 13. and 33 VIII.

Cap. 19.

But, notwithstanding all the aforementioned Statutes, it appears to the Committece, that white woollen Cloths from Wiltshire, rough, and not barbed, rowed, or (horn, as well as the Gloucestershire white woollen Cloths, barbed, rowed, and (horn, have been allowed to be exported ever since the Beginning of the Reign of Queen Eliz. or longer, by Licence of Patentees of the Crown, the Exporters paying a Consideration.

That in the sixth Year of Queen Elizabeth, a Patent was granted to the Hambr Company for ever, with liberty to export 30,000, tho' they be not wrought, or dressed, Cloths; 25,0000 whereof to be above the Value of £.3 and under the Value of £. 6, and the other 5,000 to be above £. 4 Value; with a Non-objlante to these particular Acts of Parliament; viz.

3 Hen. VII. *1 3 Hen. VIII. I

5 Hen. VIII.} all relating to woollen Cloths:

*7 Hen. VIII. I

33 Hen. VIII. J

and also with a Non-objlante to all other Acts of Parliament to the contrary; with Exceptions as to and

Suffolk Cloths, as in some of the said Acts of Parliament they are excepted.

That by the Act, of the 8th of Queen Eliz. Cap. 16. (which was two Years after granting the said Patent to the Hambrough Company) it is enacted, that, for Relief and Employment of Multitudes of the Queen's Subjects, using the Art and Labour of Cloth-working, that for every nine Cloths unwrought, hereafter to be exported, contrary to any of the Statutes now in being, by Force of any Licence, hereafter to be granted, one Cloth, of the same Size, and Goodness, shall be exported by the same Person, ready wrought, and dressed, that is to say, rowed, barbed, first coursed, and (horn, und^r Pain of forfeiting £. 10 for every Nine Cloths; with a Proviso, that the said tenth Cloth, ready wrought, shall not be accounted one of the Number licensed, but that such Person, as shall have such Licence, may transport, according to such Licence, the full Number of Cloths unwrought, mentioned in the same Licence, over and above the Number of the 10th Cloth, which the y re compelled to export by this Statute; and a Proviso, that no Licence shall extend to Kentish or Suffolk Cloth.

How far this Statute is a parliamentary Confirmation of the said Iiamborough Company's Patent, granted to them two Years before, and whether the Authority, given by this Act of Parliament to Licences, whidh

A. 1707,

should afterwards be given for Exportation of Cloth contrary to former Statutes, were not a legal and parliamentary Foundation for the Confirmation, which the said Hambrough Company's Patent, obtained afterwards from King James the First, and from King Charles the ad, is submitted to the House; as also, whether the Saving, at the latter End of the Bill of Rights, of all Grants and Charters, granted before Q 1688, which is a Saving, or Exception, to the Declaration against objlantes and Dispensations, in the Article next preceding, doth not leave the Hambortugh Company's Patent in full Force.

And it appeared to the Committee, that it is upon this Point alone, that the Legality, or Illegality, of flopping the Cloths of the Wiltshire Petitioners, offered to be exported by the Hamborough Company, or their Order, doth depend.

And it further appeared to the Committee, that in the 28th of Charles the 2d, another Patent was granted to Sir James Hayes and Sir Peter Apjley, in Trust for the Countess of Portland, to licenso the Exportation of all manner of woollen Cloths, white as well as coloured, tho' not barbed, rowed, (horn, or dressed, without Limitation as to Price, or Number, and this for 31 Years, with Power to agree and compound, as they could, with Merchant, or Exporter, for the Quantum to be paid for the Licence; a Non-objlante to all Acts to the contrary; with an Exception to Kentish and Suffolk Cloth, and a Prohibition for exporting, without Licence from the said Patentees, and a Reservation to the Crown of all Customs due.

That the Hamborough Company, who before this Patent did export the Wiltshire Cloths according to their own limited Patent, did agree to pay 3 s. 4 per Cloth to the said new Patentees, for their Licence for such woollen Cloths, as by their own limited Patent they could not export; but that Disputes arising about the Number of Cloths, of this and that Quality, between the Company and the Patentees, it was agreed, that the Hamborough Company should pay to the Patentees, for their Licence of Exportation, 1 s. 4 d. per Cloth for every Cloth, exported by the said Company, of the 30,000 Cloths, limited by this Grant; but all other Exporters of white Cloths paid 5 s.per Cloth to the said Patentees, for their Licence.

That the Hamborough Company making use of the Licence of the said Patentees, upon Exportation of the Wiltshire white rough Cloths, as did also all other Exporters of white Cloths, already dressed, until the Expiration of the said Patent, whiefe ended in or about May last, the Officers of the Customs have (rom thenceforward refilled to admit of the Exportation of the white Wiltshire Roughs in such manner, as if the Hamborough Company's Power of exporting such Cloths had depended upon the Licences', which they formerly took under the Patent, which is expired.

That the Committee also took into Consideration the Allegations contained in the Petitions of the Dyers, and several other Traders, depending upon the Woollen Ma-nufa<ftures: And it appeared to the Committee, that before the Statute of the 1 ith and iath of King William, Cap. 20. the Hamborough Company exporting the Wiltshire white undressed Cloths, being Cloths of 28 to 30 Yards Length, and generally of near £. 6 Value, did pay upon each Cloth 3 s. 4 d.Custom, or Duty, to the Crown, and also (as by Agreement, already mentioned)

1 r. 4 d.per Cloth to the other aforesaid Patentees, being altogether 4 s.8 d. upon every such Cloth, until the said Statute put an End to all such Duties, as were paid to the Crown; but the 1 4 Part of the said

id. was still paid to the Patentees until May last, when the Patent expired; and that at the same Times the Exporter of the Gloucestershire white dressed Cloths, being about 40 Yards long, and generally of about £. 10 Value, and upwards, did pay upon each Cloth 3 9

Duty to the Crown, and 5 s. per Cloth to the said

Patentees,

11* Decemhris.

6 Ann. 1 i°

459

Patentees, for ah exporting Licence, which is together is.

9 d.per Cloth, until the said Statute; but that, after the said Statute had taken away the Custom, 5 Part of the said 8 s. 9 d.was continued to be paid upon each Cloth by the Exporter to the said Patentees till May last, being the Time the Paten# expired aforesaid.

That it was further alleged by the said Dyers Petition, that, whilst the aforesaid Duties were paid upon Exportation of white Cloths, dressed, and undressed, there was hevertheless asufficient Exportation of such Cloths; for that foreign Merchants, to whom they were exported into foreign Parts, could, by the Cheapnefe of Dying Materials, and of Labour in dressing and dying the said Cloths, in their own Countries, employ their Poor, and then fell the said Cloths, totally manufactured, in the proper Markets (being the same Markets used by our own Merchants) as cheap, or cheaper, than our own Merchants could fell the same Cloths in the same Markets, when totally manufactured; so that the Duty, paid upon Export of our white Cloths, did not hinder a sufficient Vent for them; but, if there be a free Exportation of white Cloths rough, and undressed, without paying some Duty, the Loss to the Nation in Labour, as to the WiltshireCloths, is about I2r. 6d. in the Article

of dressing, if rowed in the Gigg-mill, but, if dressed fully, is more; besides the Expence of Materials for dying, and Labour in dying, and packing, and the like.

That the last Dressing of a Long Cloth

(which comes to London barbed, rowed, and shorn) together with Materials for dying, and Labour in dressing,. dying, pressing, packing, and the like, is from 30 to £.3. That near one half thereof is Labour; but that this Calculation is made as to dying in Grain, and the most chargeable Colours.

That we have now a Trade to with our own Cloths, fully manufactured, and dyed, and our Ships return with naval Stores, and our Seamen, and Navigation, is increased thereby; but, if we send out our Cloths undressed, and undyed, the Dutch will dress and dye them, and be the Carriers to , as well as other Parts, and we lose the Advantage of returning vt'xthRuffia Goods, as well as lose so much of the Manufacture of our own.

That the Lose, on Exportation of the fine shire Cloths undressed, and undyed, was represented to be much greater, namely, Cent, per Cent, but that was not taken notice of by the Committee, because not before them by any Order of Reference from the House.

That several Merchants appeared, to support the Petition of the Dyers, and others; and alleged, that the French have got from us a great Part of our Trade in the fine Sort of Cloths: That the Dutch, and People of Flanders, are advanced a great way in the Trade of Medleys: That the Glocester and Cloths being of

a coarser Sort, and made of our own Wool, it is our ln-terest to manufacture them totally, and dye them, at home; and we may find sufficient Vent for them folly manufactured, for that no other Country can fornish those Cloths, but ourselves; and that, by exporting the IViltshire Cloths rough, and undyed, we lose £.15 Cent, and by exporting the Gloucestershire dress'd white Cloths, undyed, we lose £. 10 per Cent, per Cloth: That Dying Materials, and Labour, are cheaper in,

than here; and that, if, they buy our Cloths white, they will, when they have dyed them in their own Country, undersell us in Turkey, and other Markets, unless some Duty be paid upon Exportation of the Cloths undressed, and white: That 5 s.paid here upon each Cloth exported undressed, or white, is more significant towards preventing the Mischiefs apprehended, as the consequence of a free Export, than if no Duty were paid upon Dying Materials.

All, that appeared at the Committee, to support the Petition of the Dyers, and the Merchants, did all agree, that, if the IViltshire white rough Cloths, and the Gloucestershire white.dressed Cloths, had been still exported, paying first 5J. per Cloth, as the Gloucestershire Cloths Voi. U.

did pay till May last, they should all have been satisfied; and thought, they had no Reason to complain; and that our own Merchants would then think, they had reasonable Encouragement to buy, dress, and dye, our Cloths here, and export them to foreign Markets totally manufactured.

That, in Answer to all the before-mentioned Allegations, the Gloucestershire Clothiers do say, that they conceive, there is no Law to hinder the Exportation of their white woollen Cloths, they being barbed, rowed, and shorn, which, according to the Letter of the Statutes, is as much as to fey, fully manufactured: That the Expence of Labour upon each of their Cloths, in barbing, rowing, and sheering, if rowed with the Gigg-mill, is from 15 to 20 s.in each Cloth, and, if rowed by Hand* 23 or 2 6s.per Cloth: That many of their Cloths are used abroad white, without dying.

That one Gloucestershire Clothier hath now here at London £. 2,000 worth of that Country white Cloths; barbed, rowed, and shorn, of which he cannot fell one* because of the Stop put upon Exportation:

That another has 200 Cloths of the same Sort, manufactured as aforesaid, which he cannot export, because the Officers of the Customs told him, they would not enter them, and others, that they would be seised:

That the Hollanders have, with repeated Instances, made Demand of Quantities of our white Cloths, declaring, that, if they be not speedily supplied, they will seek ell'ewhere.

The IViltshire Clothiers, and several of the Hamhrough Company, who deal with them, do likewise fey, in Answer to the Officers of the Customs, and to the Dyers, and others, that they conceive, that the Hamborough Company's Patent doth authorize the Exportation of the IViltshire rough white Cloths, as ufoally:

That one Trader has now 1,000 Pieces of white Wiltshire woollen Cloths, which he has in vain fought In' export for several Months together, in order to fornish his Correspondent, who has contracted to cloath several Danish Regiments; and that his Correspondent has lately sent him Notice, that he cannot be delayed any longer, and, if not speedily supplied from hence, will fend for his Quantity to Silesia:

That Silesia increascs upon us in making and vending the coarle Sort of white Cloths rough, which will be bought abroad instead of those of Wiltshire, unlefe these be exported rough, and undyed:

That another has 200 white Wiltshire rough Cloths lying by him, in order to export, but is not permitted to enter them: That this Sort of Cloths will quickly be spoiled by lying, as they are: That the Clothiers can fell no more:

That the Exportation of the Witshire white rough Cloths by the Hamborough Company is much diminished of late, and the Use of such Cloths, made in Silesia, does daily increase; and that we are in danger of losing that Part of our Trade to Hamborough.

And the Clothiers of both the aforesaid Counties do aver, that the Stop upon the Exportation, since the first , of May last, has been £. 20,000 Damage to the Clothing Trade.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Damage had been very great: That there is almost a total Stop to the making of the aforesaid Sort of white Cloths in Willshire and Gloucestershire, and (as a Consequence thereof) of the Sale of Wool, and of Employment of the Poor.

- That the better Sort of Wool in the County of Gleu-cester is fallen, in nine Years last past, from £. 1 s.

-to 13 s.per Tod, which is 28 pound Weight, and the common Field Wool from £.1 to its. or thereabouts; and that since the Stop of Exportation, from May last, it is fallen 2s. per Tod.

That it has been for many Years a (landing Law, or Rule, among the Hamburgers, that they will there not receive one of our Wiltshire common Cloths, unless

white.

Exporting

Cloth.

Papers to be re-delivered to proper Office.

Anneflcy's

Estate.

460 11® Decembris. 1707.

white, and rough; but that of Medleys, and finer Cloths fully manufactureed.

That the Hamborough Company carry thither a greater Number than of undressed Cloths, although the Statute of 6* Queen Eliz. aforementioned, which seems to be a Regulation, or Restraint, upon their Patent, requires only, that, for nine of the rough white undressed Cloths, one Cloth, fully manufactured, should be by them exported.

That the Hollanders have for a long Time also refused to allow of any of our plain dyed Cloths (other than Medleys, which are all dyed in the Wool) to be imported there.

So that the Clothier can find no Vent for his rough white, or dressed white, Cloths (since the aforesaid Stop) of which so very great a Quantity lie upon their Hands, already brought to London, as well as remaining in the Country, that a Multitude of substantial Clothiers must probably break forthwith, and many Families starve, unlets they be very speedily relieved against the present Stop of exporting their Cloths.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, the Clothiers, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Nation will be very great Sufferers, unless some very speedy Remedy' be found, to take off the Stop, which is at present put to the great Number of Cloths, ready to be shipt off, and exported.

The ad Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Nation will be very great Sufferers, unless some very speedy Remedy be found, to take off the Stop, which is at present put to the great Number of Cloths, ready to be shipt off, and exported.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Mr. , Sir Rickard

Onslow, Mr. Iretotu, Mr. D Sir John Guise, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Haddon, Mr. Onslow, and Mr. Bathurst, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the monthly Accounts of the Proceedings, or Dispositions, of her Majesty's Navy the last Year (which were presented to the House the 22d Day of November last) be re-delivered to the proper Office, from whence they came.

Mr. Aiflaby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Amtejley, Esquire, was referred; that they had examined the Matter of the Petition, and had directed him to report to the House, what appeared to them thereupon: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, having examined into the Allegations, contained in the said Petition, do find, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, all the Estates in Ireland, forfeited for the late Rebellion, as also the

Estate of the late King James, were veiled in certain Trustees, in the said Act named, to be sold, for the Payment of the publick Debts.

That by the said Act it was enacted, That every Person, having any Estate orlnterest in the said Forfeitures, or Estate of the late King James, were to enter their Claims with the said Trustees on or before the loth of August, 1700, and, for Default of such Entry, their Estates and Interest were for ever to be debarred, and without Remedy; and the Decrees of the said Trustees were thereupon to be final, and to be obeyed by all Persons; and, after Determination of the Claims, the Trustees were impowered to fell by Cant the said Estates, so veiled iu them, and to convey the same to the best 20

Bidder; the PilrChafer to hold the fame, dischlrged of all Claims and Demands, except such, as were allowed by the Trustees; as appears by the said Act.

That on or about the 7th Day of August, 1700, Robert Dixon, Esquire, did enter his Claim before the said Trustees for \Parts of the Lands of in the County of Kildare, in the said Kingdom, as defeended from his Ancestors, and that the same was no Part of the lata King James' Estate; and, upon hearing the said Claim before the said Trustees, they did decree one Moiety to the Claimant Dixon, and dilmified his Claim for the other Moiety, as being the Estate of the late King James; as appeared by an attested Copy of a Decree by the said Trustees, dated the 5th of September, 1700, which was produced, and read to the Committee, and proved to be a true Copy of the original Decree by Thomas George.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner before the passing the said Act was Tenant to the said Moiety of the Lands of and paid Rent

for the same to Thomas Broderick, Robert Rochford, and John Eddowes, Esquire, who were Receivers for the Countess of Orkney, to whom the said Moiety of Tippenan, as Part of the Estate of the said late King James, was granted by his late Majesty King;

as appeared by several Receipts under the Hands of the said Receivers, which were produced, and read to the Committee.

That by virtue of the said Decree the said Lands were by the said Trustees set up to Sale, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament, to any Person, that would give most for the lame; and the Petitioner, Mr. Annesley, as the bed Bidder upon the Cant, was declared the Purchaser, and had the said Moiety of conveyed to him,

and his Heirs, by Deed indented, and inrolled, according to the Directions of the said Act; which laid Deed was produced to the Committee, and read; and the said Purchase-money, amounting to £.$24. or. 4 being about 42 Years Purchase of the Rent of £. 12. for. o reserved on the Lease, under which the Petitioner held the said Lands for about 17 Years then to come; which said Purchase-money was paid by the Petitioner into the Treasury in Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, as appeared by the Receipts, endorsed on the Back of the said Deed.

That in Trinity Term, 1702, the said Robert Dixon brought his Ejectment for the said Moiety, so conveyed by the said Trustees to the Petitioner, and had a Verdict and Judgment for all, except ten Acres thereof; which Judgment was affirmed, on a Writ of Error, in the Queen' % Bench at Westminster, and, on another Writ of Error, affirmed in the Lords House; whereupon the said Dixon executed a Writ of Enquiry of Damages, and had a Verdict and Judgment for £.403. $s. 2 which he paid to Sir Kildare Burrowes, Sheriff of the said County of Kildare, as appeared by a Receipt under his Hand, which was produced, and proved; and also, upon an Habere facias possesstonem, directed to the said Sheriff) th* Petitioner was turned out of Possession of all the said Lands of Tippenan, so purchased, and out of Part of the Petitioner's ancient Estate, defeended to him from his Ancestors.

That the Petitioner hath been at very great Charge, both in Ireland and England, in defending his Title to the said Lands, so purchased, as aforesaid, as appeared by two Bills of Charges, which were produced to the Committee; viz. one Bill of £.149. ii. 7 which he paid to Mr. Richard Harr if on, his Attorney in Ireland, proved by Thomas George, and another Bill of £.202. 1 s.

1 od.which the Petitioner paid to Mr. Charles Sanderson, his Attorney in England, who proved the same to the Committee.

That, for about four Years, the Petitioner has had the Profit of the said £. 12. 10 s.per Annum Rent, reserved on the said Lease, from the Duke of York; and from the Time of Payment of his Purchase-money, he has

had

Supply Rill; Duties on Raft India Goods.

Slate of the Navy.

Union ^with Scotland.

6 Ann.

i i — ii° Decembris. 461

had nothing for the Interest of his Money, but £. 12 10s. per Annum.

Thar the fair! Purchase-money, together with the Da-mages recovered from the Petitioner, and the Costs and Charges of the Suit, amount to in the whole, 1,278. 8j. 11 d. besides the Charges the Petitioner has been at' in improving the said Lands, and in travelling in,

and his Journey to London, about this Affair: All which is humbly fubm(tted.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties of East India Goods, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the last Claute in the Bill;

" Provided, that nothing in this Act shall extend to " give unto the English East India Company any Right

" or Privilege of Trade within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, until the said East India " Company shall re-pay unto the Publick all such Sums " of Money, as have been paid for discharging the 4t capita! Stock of the Scotch East India Company, or 4* until the Parliament of Great Britain shall otherwise-

order and dispose of the Trade to the East Indies u within that Part of Great Britain called

And the Question beingput. That the said Clausedo Hand part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,|^-^'» J no.

Tdkis for the Noes'; } 177.

It passed in the Negative.

And thereupon the Clause was cutoff from the Bill at the Clerk's Table.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Bill:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for better securing the % Duties of East India Goods.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conli itr further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of those Parts ot her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is Opinion of this Committee, That there be but one Privy Council in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

That the Militia of that Part of Great called

Scotland, be regulated in the same Manner, as the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, is regulated.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers of justices of Peace, for preserving the publick Peace, be the same throughout the whole united Kingdom.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Administration of Justice, and Pre-

yot. 15.

servation of the publick Peace, the Lords of Judiciary be appointed to go Circuits twice in the Year.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Writs for electing Members, to lerve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be directed to the Sheriffs of the said respective Counties; and that the Returns be made of such Writs in like Manner, as Returns are made of such Writs io that Part of Great Britain called England.

The first and Second Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time. That the Powers of Justices of Peace, for preserving the publick Peace, be the same throughout the whole united Kingdom;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " so far as they are confident with the Articles of Uniop."

And the Question being put. That those Words be added to the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlmfor the Yeas,

TeHers for the Nom, ^r'm] '

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Powers of Justices of Peace, for preserving the publick Peace, be the same throughout the whole united Kingdom.

The4thand 5th of the said Resolutions, being severally read.a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Baily, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Haddon, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Solicit' r General, Sir Joseph Jekill, Mr. Aijlaby, Sir Dalrymple, Sir

Tho. Hanmer, and Sir John Hazv/es, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to Santos' Nat.

whom the Bill for naturalizing Mottos, Dos , was committed; that they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Confenrators of the River Tone, in Tone the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and Navigation, read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have been at the Charge of above £. 3,800, in making and keeping the said River navigable from Taunton to Ham Mills; yet, unless some further considerable Sum be expended, in building a half Lock below Knap Bridge, and doing other necessary Works in cleansing a great Shoal, called Broad Shoal, the said River never will be compleatly navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, so as to answer the good Ends of an Act of Parliament, made in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for making and keeping the said River navigable: And praying, that the Petitioners may be enabled and encouraged to perfect the said Navigation, by granting them a Transfer of Part of the Toll, now payable at Ham Mills Lock, to Knap Bridge.

A Petit ion of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Ditto. Inquest for the Body of the County of Somerset, at the

6 A General

str

giftze

Tone

Navigation.

Ditt^.

4 5l i i* Decembris.1707.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at the Castle of Taunton, in and for the County aforesaid, the 7th

of October, in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, appointed by an Act of Parliament, of the 10th and nth 3", for making and keeping the said River navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, have effected the Navigation from Ham Mills to the Town of Taunton, which hath proved a considerable Advantage to the said Town, and Places adjacent; yet the good Intents of the said Act are not likely to be obtained, unless there be some Increase of Toll at a Place called Knaps Bridge, below which Place it will be necessary to erect an half Lock, or Turnpike, and to scour a Shoal, which will be very expensive: That the Petitioners are well allured, the granting some Increase of Toll at Knapps Bridge will enable the Conservators to perfect the Navigation from Bridgwater to Ham Mills, which will tend to a publick Good: That the Petitioners therefore offer the Conservators same to the House, for fufch Relief, as shall be thought meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, appointed by Act of Parliament, of the 10th and nth 3", have

Deen at great Charges in making the said River navigable from Taunton to Ham Mills; and that they mud be at much greater Charge to compleat the same from Ham Mills to Bridgwater, in erecting a half Lock below Knapp Bridge, which will render the Carriage of Coals, and other heavy Goods, much cheaper, and be a Means to preserve their Highways, an4 much promote their Western Trade: The Petitioners therefore pray, that all due Encouragement may be given to the said Conservators, by granting them such an Increase of Toll at Knap Bridge, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Petitions; and that Mr. Palmer and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

A Petition of several of the Members, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Corporation and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that several Persons of Taunton, known by the Name of Conservators, did,

in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of the late King William (under some plausible Pretences) get an Act of Parliament, for making the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, paying a Toll of per Weigh on Coals, and id. per Ton, for all other Goods, at a Place called Coal Harbour, below Knap Bridge, and 4s. per Weigh, and is. per Ton, at the first Lock above Coal Harbour i That the said Conservators do receive the said full Duty at Knap Bridge, but not one fourth Part at the said Lock 1 so that the Traders at Coal Harbour, and Ham Mills, pay their full Toll, and the Traders at Taunton pay very little; by which Means they will in Time ruin the Traders at Coal Harbour and Ham Mills, and so monopolize the Trade into their own Hands, and make the Petitioners pay for their Coals, and Salt, and other Goods, at the Will oif the said Conservators: That-the Petitioners have always been well served with Coals and Salt, from Coal Harbour, at very reasonable Rates, to which Place the said River was ever navigable, and Taunton, and Country adjacent, are generally supplied with Coals by Land Carriage, the said Conservators neglecting to make the said River navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton; yet (out of some fimfter Ends) have petitioned the House to have a further Toll, payable below Coal Harbour 1 which, if granted, will be a great Grievance to all the Inhabitants of Taunton: And praying, that there may be it further Toll granted, than what is already laid by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Bufgeffes of the Cop* poration of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that certain Persons of the Town of Taunton, known by the Name of Conservators of the River Toni, have prepared a Petition to this House, for procuring an Act of Parliament, for laying a further Duty upon Coals, Salt, and other Goods, pading up the said River to a Place called Coal Harbour, than is now payable by Act of Parliament: That the Duty, or Toll, now payable below'Ciw/ Harbour, if duly collected, would amount to at lead £. 60 per Annum, tho' those Conservators have not been at any Charge in cutting the said River below Coal Harbour for that is was ever navigable as far as Coal Harbour, and always a free Trade, and the Country well served, at reasonable Prices, from whence all the neighbouring Placesadjacent fetch their Coals, and Salt: And praying, that the House will not lay any further Toll below Coal Harbour, than is already granted by the said Act of Parliament.

Ordered, Tat the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Chard, in the County of Somerset, and Places adjacent, was presented to this House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River in the said County, appointed by Act of Parliament, for making and keeping the said River navigable, have been at vast Charges in doing the feme, by cresting Locks, and other Works, between Taunton and Ham Mills, which hath proved a considerable Advantage to Trade, and a Preservation of the Highways; and, if the said River were compleatly made navigable from Ham Mills to Bridgwater (which will be a further Charge to the Conservators) it would be in some reasonable Time little or no Prejudice to the Southern Parts, particularly the Petitioners: And praying, that, for the common Good, the House will give the said Conservators all due Encouragement, by granting such an Increase of Toll at Knap Bridge, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought jn.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Taunton St. Maty Magdalen, and Taunton St. James, in the County of Somerset, with the Places adjacent to the Town aforesaid,. was presented to the House, and read -, setting forth, that tho' the Conservators of the River Tone have, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made the feme navigable from Taunton to Ham Mills, and thereby reduced the Charge of Land Carriage from Bridgzvater to near half the Price, to the great Advantage of both the said Parishes, yet, because the Navigation is not perfected below Ham Mills to Bridgwater, the Petitioners are not like to be supplied \yith Coals, and other Goods, so cheap, as when effected: And praying, that such an Increase of Toll at Knap Bridge may be granted to the said Conservators, as may encourage them to finish the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table? until the said Bill be brought in.

Mr. Onslow, (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for naturalizing Katherine } and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Refobvtd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowndes acauainted the House, that her Majesty (upon their Address) had directed, that t here should be laid before this House, An Account of allSumfc of Money, annually granted, voted, or addressed for* in Parliament, since the beginning of the present War, for her Majesty's Land Forces, and what Sums have been directed for Payment thereof, for the Years 1702* 1703, 1704, 1705, 1706, and 1707.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly,

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Tone

Navigation*

Ditto.

Ditto.

Clark's Nat.

Grants for Army Services.

Leave of

A b fence.

Scotland — repe iling Act for Security of the Kingdom, & c.

Privilege of a Member under Arrest.

Union.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

6 Ann.

I 2° — 13° Decembris.

4^3

71*

Ordered, That the fair! Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered That Sir Hopton Williams have Leave to go into the Country for six Weeks, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

A Bill for rescaling, and declaring the Determination of two Acts, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one, intituled, " Act for Security of the Kingdom," the other, " Act anent Peace and War," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Noes, j r£

I Sir James Campbell:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Gatings by, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Hen. , Sir 9 Littleton, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Douglas, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Erjkin, Mr. Cockburn, Mr.

CeJi.r, Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Mr. Bailie, Mr. Maitland, Sir 'Tho. Burnet, Mr. Moncriff, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. MonElon, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Pollock, Lord Powlet, Mr. Seaton, Mr. Hadden, Mr. Morrijon, Mr. Bere, Mr. Mr. Whitchcot,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Allerdice: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, to whom a former Report was re-committed, relating to Mr. Afgill, a Member of this House (in Prison in the Fleet) the Precedents, they had found, concerning Members discharged out of Prison, which they had directed. him to report; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide ration upon 1uejdayMorning next

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow and Mr. King be added to the Gentlemen, who were ordered to draw up a Bill upon the Resolutions Yesterday, relating to that Part of Great Britain called The House (according to Order) proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Patent Officers to Bishopricks shall pay, where they were assessed in 1693.

And the feme was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, in same of a Re-assessment, the Commissioners for that Division shall have Days Notice of the Time and Place, to consider thereof.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause, touching Fee-form Rents, was ofr fered, to be added to the Bill.

And the feme was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Vol. 15.

] S'*-

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Commissioners may charge the fix Hundreds-in the County of Monmouth as in 1697, and 1698.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be1 brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,{ } 60.

TeHenfor theN^.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and twice read, and amended.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,|Coll, }&

Tellers for the Noes,}48.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That, where any Persons shall distrain upon Collectors, they may keep lb much Money, as any Commissioners shall judge reasonable.

A nd the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Proportion, to be laid upon that Part of the Parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn, which is in the County of Middlesex, shall be equal, without the Distinction of

above Bars, and below the Bars.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,.

That this Act shall not alter the Discount allowed out of Fee-form Rent, charged upon the Manor of -ton, in Kent.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House' to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Malt Dutlt* House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati 13° die Decembris;

Anno 6* Anna; Reginas, 1707,

Praters.

SOME other Members took the Oaths, and made Member* and subscribed the Declaration, and took and fub-- take Oath*, feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of Sophia Hamilton, Widow and Relict of James Hamilton, late of Bangor, in the County of Downe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, deceased,i on behalf of Anna Katberina Hamilton, and Margaret. Hamilton, Daughters, and Heirs, of the said James

Hamilton,

Hamilton's

Estate.

Die :ed by

4<?4

13° Decemb.

A' 1707.

Hamilton, drceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Mordaunt and Mr. Annejley do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

Scotland — Sir James Campbell reported from the Committee, to repealing Act whom the Bill for repealing, and declaring the Deter-l«r N'ctiiiiy niination of, two Acts, passed in the Parliament of dl»!'&e nS land, *‘ie onc *nt'tu>ed» " Act for Security of the Kingdom,' the other, " Ad anent Peace and War," was Committed; that they had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cnlhtfive The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^hiuk: in Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

llie*‘ several Merchants, trading to Portugal, Italy, and Spain,

was referred.

And the Report, and the Resolutions of the Committee, being read, are as follow; viz.

That the Petitioners, yn Proof of their Export of great Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures, and other Commodities (being the Product of this-Kingdom) to Portugal, Paly, and in Ships, the Re-

turns whereof are made in Wine and Oil, and other Goods, which pav great Duties to her Majesty, produced to the Committee, by the Hands of Davenant, Esquire, Inspector of her Majesty's Customs, a State of the Portugal, Spanish, and Trade, for seven Years,

ending at Chrijbuas, 1705, as appears by the said Account, marked A; and did likewise declare, that the said Trade was very much increased since 1705; and would have laid the Accounts of those two Years of 1706, and 1707, before the Committee, but had not Time to compleat the fame.

Richard Craze ley, Esquire, delivered in at the Committee, an Account of Prizes, taken by Privateers, for two Yearslaft part; which is marked B:

As also an Account of all such Commissions, as have been gramed to Privateers for two Years last past, and their Securities in £.1,500 Penalties; which is marked C.

Upon which the Merchants did observe, that many of the Persons, therein named as Securities, were insolvent, or Persons of little or no Worth, and were not prol'e-cuted.

That the Merchants, in Proof of a collusive Trade, did produce several Instances of Ships, taken under Pretence of legal Capture, when in truth the Privateers, that took them, were fitted out by the Consent of the Parties: To which Facts they called

Mr. John Glover', who delivered in a List of Ships, which he informed the Committee the same were taken by Collusion; which Paper is marked D: And likewise informed the Committee, that two of the said Ships, called by the Names of the Pearle, and

Rapbell, wherein he had a 16th Part, were taken by the Diligence Privateer, about three Years since, collusively, and by the Consent of the Parties concerned.

And as to the Ship E uMargaretta, taken by the Wellcome Gaily, John Watler Commander;

Mr. George Meter, If;, Solicitor of her Majesty's Customs, informed the Committee, that about three Years since the same was seized by Order of the Commissioners of the Customs, and brought to a Trial in the Exchequer, where a Verdict pafl'ed for the Queen.

That the said Mr. Metcalf did likewise deliver to the Committee an Account of the Trial of the Ship, called the Prince Charles, Martin Peterson Commander, taken by the HannikallPrivateer, Captain fbmpfon Commander; by which it appears, the same was a collusive Capture: Which Paper is marked E. And the Record was also produced, on which the Verdict was entered for the Queen.

And Mr. Charles Carcajfe, Under Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, laid before the Committee the Commissioners Report to the Lord Treasurer, relating to collusive Captures, marked F.

That by the Evidence of Captain John Tkompfon,

John Huggins, Esquire, and the said Mr. Metcalf, the Ship, called the Stadt,o{ Rotterdam, taken by the

garettaPrivateer, Captain Pigram Commander, it appeared, that the said Ship was brought in as Prize, and condemned in the Court of Admiralty, and afterwards prosecuted. by one Mr. Scott in the Court of Exchequer, and found to be a collusive Capture.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the Ships St. Peter, St. John, and Anna Petronella (Mr.

Richardson Owner of them all) taken by the

Privateer, Captain Pigram Commander, were collusive

Captures.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the Ship, called the Liberty, laden with French Wines, to the Value of £. 5,000, taken by a small Fiftier Boat, called the May Flower, Captain Edward Slaughter Commander, was a collusive Capture.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that a Duty of £.15 per Tun on all French Prize Wines, did determine in March last.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee

came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Merchants have fully made out the several Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,;

That the preserving the Portugal Trade is of the utmost Concern to this Nation, being at present the greatest Mart for Vent of our Woollen Manufactures, Corn,

Fish, and other British Commodities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there was a considerable collusive Trade in French Prize Wines, carried on before, and more increased since, the falling of the £. 15 per Tun.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That except effectual Provision be made, to prevent the like Practices, with relation to the collusive Trade of bringing in French Wines, as if they were Prize Wines, it will not only be a great Discouragement to the gal Trade and Traders, but endanger the intire Loss thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, the three last were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Papers, referred to by the Report, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the last Resolution; and that Sir IVm. Ashurst, Lord ningsby, Mr. Conyers, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Brydges acquainted the House, that her Majesty Accounts of (upon their Address) had directed that there.should be Expenditure laid before this House,

An Account of Receipts and Payments of the Sum of Spain.

Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds granted by Parliament for the Service of Spain, for the Year 1706; as also.

An Account of Receipts and Payments of the Money, granted by Parliament for maintaining Five thousand Men in Catalonia for the same Year; as also,

An Account of Receipts and Payments for the Expedition under the Command of the Earl Rivers in the same Year; as also.

An Account of the Distribution of the said Sum of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pound, with the Excels thereon; as also,

An

Papers respecting the State of Forces in Spain.

Array Receipt and Payments,

Accounts of Paymaster o coujund Armies.

6 Ann.

i 3 ° — Jb

4^5

An Account of the Distribution of the Money, given for the Five thousand Men in Catalonia; as also,

Art Account of the Distribution of the Money, given for the Expedition, commanded by the Earl Risers; as Also,

An Account of the Distribution of all Moneys, given for Spain, for the Year 1706; and.

An Account of the Particulars of the Exceedings on the foregoing Heads.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts, being stitch'd together, and covered with marble Paper, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that her Majesty (upon their Address) had directed, that there should be laid before this House,

A Lift of the General Officers, Field Officers, and other Officers, of her Majesty's Forces in Spain, distinguishing, which were present at the Battle of Almanza, and which were absent; and also,

An Account of her Majesty's Forces, that were at the Battle of Almanza, and of such others, as were then in Spain, and Portugal, and where; and also of what Number of Forces have been since sent thither, and when; and also,

A State of what Number of her Majesty's Forces were in Spain, or Portugal, at the railing of the Siege of Barcelona; and also what Forces, or Supplies, have been since that Time sent into Spain and Portugal, and when; and also,

A Lift of Officers absent from their Commands in the West Indies; and also,

A Lift of Officers absent from their Commands in Flanders the Campaign 1707.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts, State, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts, State, and Account, being covered with marble Paper, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that one from Mr. Hozv, the Paymaster General, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Abstract of all Money received and paid by Mr. How, Paymaster General of her Majesty's Guards, Garisons, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces under his Care, for the Service of the Years 1703, 1704, 1705, 1706, and from

December24th, 1706, to December 12th, 1707.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Abstracts were read.

Ordered, That the said Abstracts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstracts, being in five Papers, are bofind up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fox acquainted the House, that her Majesty f (upon their Address) had directed, that there should be laid before this House, a brief Abstract, or general Account, of all Money received by Charles Fox, Esquire, as late Paymaster of her Majesty's Armies, acting in Conjunction with the Allies, from December 24th, 1702, to June 23, 1705, together with the Application thereof, distinguished under the general Heads, and several Armies, for each Year's Service.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the said Account is covered with marble Paper, and bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol, 15.

A Petition of Captain James Roch, was presented to the Arrears House, and read; fttting forth; that in 1704, the Petitioner obtained ati Act of Parliament in England, for the Sum of £.3,269. 7 s.7 d.to be paid but of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for Services performed at the Time of the Siege of Londonderry; but that Fund has proved deficient, and the Petitioner has only received £. 1,148. So that the Petitioner has been difeppointed of his intended Reward, has spent all his own Fortune endeavouring to get it, and has contracted great Debts, to the Ruin of his Family, unless relieved by the House:

And praying, that the House will take his miserable same into Consideration, and grant him Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee , and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord IVm. Sir

Francis Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Medlicot, Mr.

Topham, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Montton, Sir Rich.

Mr. Onslow, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Mount ague, Mr.

Calthorp, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mr.

Woollaston, t Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Chambers, Sir Wm.

Ashhurst, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Strode, Mr. Pock/ington, Mr.

Ward: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- State of War' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole w»thSpain. House, to take into Consideration the State of the War with Spain.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a State of the Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ls'av^‘ the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruizers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunate 150 die Decembrist

Anno 6° Ann* Regina:, 1707.

Pray er s.

Tj'ATHERINE Clark, Daughter of Sir Wm. Clark,

Baronet, deceased, took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Some Members took the Oaths, and made and sub- Members feribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the take Oaths. Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Dtflon (according to Order) presented to the Exporting House, a Bill for the Exportation of white woollen Cloth. Cloth j and the same was received, and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for repealing, and declaring the De- ScotLinJ — termination of two Acts, passed in the Parliament of repealing Act Scotland, the one intituled, " Act for the Security of the oTth^King.. " Kingdom," the other, " Ad anent Peace and War," dom, &c. 6 was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repealing, and declaring the Determination of two Acts, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one intituled, " Act for the Security of the " Kingdom," the other, " Ad anent Peace and War."

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

► 6 B An

466

15® — 16* Decembris. 1707.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to her Ma-Land Tax. jesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Service of the Year 1708, was read the Third time; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great for the Service of

the Year 1708.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Irish Arrears. Ordered, That Sir Hen. Sir Henry

Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir IVm. , Sir IVm. Strick-

land, Mr. tVallis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harvey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain James Rocb, is referred.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-Malt Duties. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Committee Ordered, That 'Wr.LowtMr. Mr. of Privileges, ing, Mr. Brewer, Mr. BuMr. Stockdale, Sir Edw.

Lawrence, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Mr. Bere, Sir

IVm. Strickland, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Mr. Tho.

Harley, Mr. Booth, Mr. be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 6° Annas Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

Plymouth \ PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, Magifi.

'Vorkhouse. f~\ trates. Common Council, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by reason of the great Resort, for some Years part, of Marines, Soldiers, and other People, to the said Town, their Poor is much increased: That the ereftinga Work-house within the said Town will tend to lessen their Poor, and be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, the Earl of Stamford, and Mary his Wife, and Sir John being consenting to settle a Charity on such Work-house, and other good Uses: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Work-house within the Town and Borough of Plymouth, and for settling a Charity on such Workhouse, and to other good Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Major General Trelawney, Sir George Bing, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Pitts, and Mr. King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

l eave of Ordered, That Mr. Payn have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Vivian have Leave to go into the Country for six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Bath Roads. Mr. Blathwait (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between the Top of Hill and the City

of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and also several other Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City or Bath, and for regulating the Chairmen of the same City; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Katherine Clark, was read a Clark's Na % Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Monson, Sir kVm. Scawen, Lord

Powlett, Mr. Maiflers, Sir Fra. Mafliam, Mr

Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Hampden, Sir Tho.

Webster, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Gale, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Mr.

Mayne, Mr. Diflon, Mr. Poulteney: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence.

cafions.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Marcos Dos Santos, Santos' Nat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Marcos Dos Santos.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the Exportation of white woollen Cloth, Exporting was read a Second Time. Cloth.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Tho. Cooks Winford, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Tates, Sir Fra. Mafliam, Mr. Pigott, Sir Thomas Webster, Sir Hedges, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Scawen,

Mr. Harley, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Booth, Sir John Guise, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Hadden, Mr. Bacon, Lord

Powlet, Sir IVm. Courtney, Mr. Foley, Sir Harvey Elwes,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Moner Mr. Campbell, Sir Robert Corbett, Sir Patr. John Mr. Chambers, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Herne, Mr. PoleMr. Skippon; and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester,

Worcester, and Southampton; and all the Merchants of the House; and all, that serve for Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Unrated lay before this House, an Account of all the unrated Good* Goods, of the Growth and Product of this Kingdom, exported in the Years 1702, 1703, and 1704.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before the House, an Account of all Goods rated and unrated, of the Growth and Product of this Kingdom, exported in the Years 1705 and 1706.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill;

Act for better securing the Duties of East India Goods, ?Hiie,s ®"

, . A j , Lad India

without any Amendment. Good*.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Privilege of into Consideration the Report from the Committee (to a Member whom a former Report was re-committed) who were ap- under Arrefl" pointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint in a Letter sent from John Afgill, Esquire, a Member of this House, that he was detained from attending the Service of the House; and who were to search Precedents, what hath been done for Discharge of any Members, imprisoned upon Execution, and mesne Process.

And the Report was read, and is a followeth; viz.

That the Committee have examined the Matter of the said Complaint, and also searched Precedents; and that the same and Precedents, are as follow; viz.

That it appeared, upon the Examination of the High Bailiff, and Keeper of the GatehoutVeflminster, one Elderton, a Bailiff, and the Warden of the Fleet, that a Warrant was sent from the Sheriff of Middlesex to the High Bailiff of Westminster, dated the nth of June,

1707, for arresting the said Mr. Afgill, at the Suit of

John

6 Ann. i

John Holland, for £. 6,390 Debt, and at the Suit of John

Tayler, for £. 2,500 Debt.

That, pursuant to the said Warrants, Mr. was

arrested the 12th June aforesaid by one , a Bailiff

to the said High Bailiff of W and by him detained till the 14th of the said June', and then he delivered Mr. Afgill to the Custody of the Gatehouse Prison, charged in Execution at the Suit of the said John Holland and John Tayler.

That the said Mr. Afgill the 23d , 1707, was

removed by Habeas Corpus from the Gatehouse to the Prison of the Fleet, then charged with Actions upon mesne Process, at several Persons Suits, in the Sum of 2,284, and on Executions, in the Sum of 9,890, as by the original Return, annex'd to the said Writ of Habeas pus, appeared.

That then the Committee proceeded to search for Precedents of the Method of Proceedings, which this House has used in Cafes of Privileges, and the Method of freeing their Members under Arrests; which, in point of Time, as they stand upon the Journals of this House, are; viz.

Thomas Thorp, The most noted Precedent is that of T/10-

31 Hen. Vl. mas Thorp, Speaker, in 31. Hen. VI. And the same was this:

That the Parliament being adjourned from Reading, the 12th November, to the 1 ith of February, from thence to the 14th following, Richard Duke of York sued Thomas Thorp, the Speaker, in the Exchequer, got a Verdict and Judgment against him for,£. 1,000 Damages, and£. 10 Cods, between the 12th of November and 1 ith of February, and took and detained hint Prisoner in the Fleet; whereupon, when the Parliament met, the whole House of Commons presented a Petition for his Enlargement; which being entered in the Parliament Rolls, the Committee ordered it to be reported at large; viz.

Requesta fafla Fait a remberei> queste quatorzifme jour per Commune* de Fevever tan fuisditz les Communes per pro deliberatione certeines de tour Compassiones firent re-Prolocutons fin. qUeft au R0y et ]es Seigneurs Espirituetz

et Temporetz, en le dit Parliament efteantz, queur penfient avoir et aujoier totz tit tielz libertes et privileges, come ount este accustomez et dauncien temps ulez, pur venanter au Parlament; et concordaunt a mefmes le libertes et privileges, que Tho. Thorp, lour Commune Parlour, et Walter Rayle, Membres de la dit Parlemont, a donques efteantz in prison, penflent aller allour large et liberte, pur le boon efploit du dit Parlemont. Rot. Tori. 310 et 320 Hen. VI. N" 25, 26°.

Parliam. 31 Hen. VI.

Declaratio facta ex parte Ducis Ebor. contra delibera-tionem predicti Prolocutoris. 26.

Item, the Friday, the 15th Day of February, it was opened and declared to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being in the Parliament Chamber, by the Counsel of the Duke of York, That where Thomas Thorp, the Monday, the Day of the Month of the

Year of the Reign of King Henry the 6th the 31st, came to the Place of the Bishop of Durham, and thence and there to be and bear away certain Goods and Chattles of the said Duke's, against his Will and Licence; and thereupon the same Duke tamed, and took an Action by Will, in Michaelmas Term last past, against the said Thomas, in the Court of Exchequer, according to the Privilege of the same Court, for so much that the same Thomas was one of the Court, by which Privilege he ought to be enpleted in that Court of Exchequer in such Cases, and in none other Court: To the which Bill the said Thomas wilfully appeared, and had divers

Days to imparle, at his Request and Desire; and to the said Bill and Action answered, and pleted Not guilty: Whereupon there was awarded in the said Exchequer a Venire facias to the Sheriff of , retornable in the said Exchequer; and there by the Jury, that passed between the said Duke and the said Thomas, it was found, that the same Thomas was guilty of the Trespass contained in the said Bill; and the same Jury assefited the Vot. 15.

Damages to the said Duke, for the said Trespass, to Privilege of a M.li. and for his Costs/. 10, and thereupon Judgment was given in the said Exchequer, and the said according to the Course of Law, was committed to the Fleet, for the Fine belonging to the King in that behalf:

And thereupon it was prayed humbly on behalf of the said Duke, that it should like their good Lord ships, considering, that the said Trespass was done and committed by the said Thomas since the Beginning of this present Parliament, and also, the said Bill and Action were take and tamed, and by Process of Law Judgment thereupon given against the said Thomas, in time of Vacation of the same Parliament, and not in Parliament time; and also, that, if the said Thomas should be released by Privilege of Parliament, or the Time, that the said Duke be satisfied of the said Damages, and Costs, the same Duke should be without Remedy in that behalf; that the said Thomas, according to the Law, be kept in Ward to the Time that he hath fully content and satisfied the said Duke of his said Damages, and Costs: The Lords Spiritual and Temporal, not intending to impech or hurt the Liberties and Privileges of them, that were Commons for the said Commonalties of this Land to this present Parliament, but legally, after the Course of Law, to minister Justice, and to have knowledge, what the Law will wey in that behalf, opened and declared to the Justices the Premisses, and axed of them, whether the said Thomas ought to be delivered from Prison by force and virtue of the Privilege of Parliament, or not: To the which Question the Chief Justice, in the Name of all the Justices, after fadd Communication, and mature Deliberation, had among them, answered, and said, that they ought not to anfiver to that Question; for it hath not yet been used aforetime, that the Justices should at any time determine the Privilege of this high Court of Parliament; for it is so high, and so mighty in this Nature, that it may make Law, and that, that is Law, it may make no Law; and the Determination of that Privilege belongeth to the Lords

of the Parliament, and not to the Justices: But as for

/ t #

Declaration of Proceeding in the lower Courts in such Cases, as Writs of Supersedeas of Privileges of Parliament be brought, and delivered; the said Chief Justice said, there be many and divers Supersedeas of Privilege of Parliament brought into the Courts, but there is no general Supersedeas brought, to lurceafe all Procelies; for, if there should be, it should seem, that this high Court of Parliament, that ministreth all Justice and Equity, should lett the Process of the common Law; so it should put the Parties Complainant without any Remedy, for so much as Actions at common Law be not determinable in this high Court of Parliament; and if any Person, that is a Member of this high Court of Parliament, be arrested in such Cases, as be not for Treason, or Felony, or Surety of the Pleas, or for a Condemnation had before the Parliament, it is used, that all such Persons should be released of such Arrests, and make an Attorney, so that they may have their Freedom and Liberty, freely to entend upon the Parliament.

After which Answer, and Declaration, it was throughly agreed, afiented, and concluded, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, that the said Thomas, according to the Law, should remain dill in Prison for the Caules abovesaid, the Privilege of the Parliament, or that the same Thomas was Speaker of the Parliament, notwithstanding; and that the PremifiTes should be opened and declared to them,♦that were comen for the Commons of this Land, and that they should be charged and commanded in the King's Name, that they, with all goodly Hade and Speed, proceed to the Election of another Speaker.

The which Premisses, for as much as they were Matters in Law, by the Commandment of the Lords were opened and declared to the Commons by the Mouth of Walter Moyle, one of the King's Serjeants at Law', in the Presence of the Bishop ot Ely, accompanied with other Lords in notable Number; and there it was charged and commanded to the said Commons by the said Bishop

Privilege of a Member under Arrest.

468 i 6° Decembris.A. 1707.

of Ely, in the King's Name, that they should proceed

to the Election of another Speaker with all goodly Haft and Speed, foe that the Matters, for which the King called this his Parliament, might be proceeded in, and this Parliament take good and effectual Conclusion and End.

That the King himself was not present during this Session, but the Duke of Yor did all Things in this Parliament by a special Commission from the King, as followeth; viz.

Ex Rotul. Pari. 31 Hen. VI. R. S. N°. 24.

De procedendo in Parliamento.

Memorand. Pro eo q'd D'nus Rex, qui prefens ParPtum suum nuper apud Reding inchoavit, et tenuit, et ufquequartum decim' diem Februarii, anno dicti D'ni Regis tricesimo s'c'do, apud palacium suum Westm. adjornari ordinavit, propter ceitas*justas et r'onabiles caufas in eodem Pari, in persona fua interesse non potuit; idem D'nus Rex, de advifamento et aflenfu Consilii fui, qualdam literas patentes, fub magno sigillo fuo lignatas, coram D'nis fpi'alibz et temporalibz in presenti Parl'to dicto quarto decimo die Febr. existen. legi fecit in hsec verba: Henricus, Die gra. Re;c Anglie et Francie, et D'nus Hib'nie, omnibus, ad quos presentes l'rae per-venerint, salutem. Sciatis, quod cum pro quibufdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, statem et defenfionem regni n'ri Anglia;, et ecclesiae Anglicana;, contingentibz quoddam Parliamen. n'rum nuper apud Redyng teneri, et ufquc quartum decimum diem hujus instantis inenfis Februarii ad palacium n'r'm Westm. adjournari ordi-navimus; quia vero dicto Parliamento n'ro, propter certas justas et rationabilis caufas in persona n'ra non poterimus interesse; nos de circumfpedtione et industria cariflimi consanguinei n'ri Ric'iducis Ebor. plenam fedu-ciam reportant. eidem consanguineo n'ro ad Parliament, predict, no'ie n'ro tenend. et in eodem procedend. et ad faciend. om'ia et singula, que pro nobis et per nos, pro bono regimine et gubernatione regni n'ri pred'dti, ac alioru' d'minioru' n'ror' eidem regno n'ro pertinen. ib'etn fuerint faciend. nec non ad Parliamentum illud faciend. aut difiblvend. de act'enfu Consilii n'ri, plenam tenure presentu' committimus potestatem j dantes ul-terius, de aflenfu ejuldem Consilii n'ri, tarn universis et fmgulis archiep'is ep'is ab'itz, prioribz, ducibz, co-mitibz, baronibz, et militibz, cum o'ibz aliis, quorum interest ad Parliamentum n'r'm predict. conventur. fi'l't, tenore presentium firmiter in mandatis, quod idem consanguineo n'ro intendant in premiflis in forma predict. In cujus rei test. has l'ras n'ras fieri fecimus patentes. Teste meip'o apud Westm. 13" Die Febr. anno r'ni tricesimo s'c'do. Per ipsum Regem et Consilium.

Convenit cum Recordo.

Petyt.

That the Committee had likewise before them a private Act of Parliament, i° Hen. VII. wherein is set forth.

That where Richard, sometime Duke of by

the excitation, stirring, and moving, of one Tho. Colt, Esquire, being nigh Counsel with the said late Duke, grievously maligned against Thomas , for the true and faithful Service, that he had done and owed to the said iate King Henry the Sixth; and thereupon the said late Duke affirmed a Bill of Trespass against the said Thomas Thorpe in the Court of the King's Exchequer, supposing by the same Bill, that the said Thomas Thorpe should hare taken from the said Duke divers Goods and Chattles, to the Value of £.2,000, where, in Truth, the said Tho. Thorp never took no such Goods of the said Duke's, by only the Commandment of the King, the said Thomas Thorpe arrested several Harnefle and Habiliments of War of the said Duke; to which Action the said Thomas Thorp, by the special Labour, and untrue Means, of the said Thomas Colt, was condemned to the said Duke in £. 1,010 ,fs?c.and after that, the said Thomas Thorp was with the said King Henry the Sixth in the Feild of Northampton, and there was taken Prisoner, and after cruelly, and contrary to all Law and Conscience, beheaded and put to Death in Park.

Roll Pari. 1 Hen. VII. N°. 26.

That this was the same of Thomas Thorpe: And there are several other Precedents in the Time of Hen. VI. and Edw. IV. where Members, arrested, and taken in Execution, fating the Parliament, were obliged to procure Acts of Parliament for their Enlargement; viz.

William Lark, menial Servant, an Attendant on Wm. Milrede, one of the Citizens of London for the Parliament of 8° Hen. VI. was arrested at whilst attend-

ing the re on his Master, fitting the Parliament; and, upon the Petition of the Commons, there was a special Act of Parliament for his Enlargement. Rot. Parl. 8 Hen. VI N°. 57.

That there was a like Act of Parliament for the Enlargement of Walter Clark, Burgess of Chippenham, in Wiltshire. Rot. Parl. 39 Hen. VI. N\ 9.

Another for William Hyde, Burgefle of Chippenham. Rot. Parl. 14 Edw. IV. N°. 55.

Another for John Atwill, Burgefle of Exeter. Rotul. Par. 17 Edw. IV. N\ 35.

All which were arrested, and taken in Execution, during the Sessions of Parliament, and their Attendance on this House, yet released by Special Acts of Parliament.

But in the Time of Henry the 8 th the House proceeded in another Manner; as in the same of who, being arrested, during the Parliament 34 Hen. VIII. was let at Liberty by the Serjeant; and the Sheriff's of London, refuting to deliver him, were lent to the Tower. Holinshed, p. 1582.

Another Precedent, that the Committee considered, was the same of diamond, 3^ Hen. VIII. as it is reported by my Lord Dyer, as follows:

35 Hen. VIII. Freziinard was arrested upon an Exigent, at the Suit of Skewis;and a Writ of Privilege of Parliament issuing forth to diamond. Sheriff of Cornwall, setting forth, that Frewinardwas a Burgefle, and declaring the Custom of the Privilege of Parliament, the Sheriff* set him at Liberty: Upon this the Executors of Skewis brought an Action against diamond, the Sheriff?: To this he demurred; and upon this Demurrer these three Points were argued:

1 ft. Whether Privilege be grantable in this Cafe, where a Burgefle of Parliament is arrested in an Exigent:

2dly, Whether, if Privilege be grantable, the Party, so set at Liberty, shall be for ever discharged from the Execution of the Plaintiff, or only during the Parliament:

3dly, Admitting, that Privilege is not allowable in this Cafe, whether the Writ and Warrant of the King, proceeding from Parliament, be not a sufficient Excule and Discharge for the Sheriff against the Plaintiff.

For the first it was alleged, that, for as much as the King, and the whole Realm, had an Interest in the Body of every one of the said Members, the private Interest of every particular Man ought not to be regarded; for it is a Maxim, Quod majus dignum trahit ad fe minus dig-num; as was adjudged in the same in 6" Edw. IV. That if a Man was condemned in a Trespass, or Redifeifine, and in Execution for a Fine to the King, if he was outlawed of Felony, his Body should not be imprisoned at the Suit of the Party, because the King had an Interest in his Body.

And it is concluded, that the Court of Parliament is the highest Court, and has more Privileges, than any other Court of the Realm:

And that in every Cafe, without any Exception, every Burgefle is privileged against Arrests at the Suit of any Subject: And this same is the better, for as much as the Execution was sued during the Parliament; in which same the Plaintiff was at Liberty to sue Execution of his Body, or of his Lands or Goods: And also, every Privilege is by Prescription, and every Prescription that is for the Advantage of the Common Weale, is good, although it be prejudicial to any private Person.

Therefore in the Time of Edw. IV. it was held a good Prescription to dig in the Ground of any Man near the Sea, to make Bulwarks against the King's Enemies.

Dyer,

6 Ann. i 4s9

Dyer, eg That that was the Argument in my Lord dered, a Warrant should be directed, under the Hand PrJYlle8* Chief Justice Dyer. of Mr. Speaker, to the Clerk of the Crown, for a Writ

That the Committee likewise observed by the Record, of Habeas ,to bring the Body of Sir Thomas into that the Parliament, in which Frewinnardwas a Burgefie, the House upon Tuesday following. 22 Mar. 1G03, was first summoned, and begun, 16 Jan. 33d Hen. VIII. Page 39.

was prorogued to 22 Jan. 34 Hen. VIII. and was after- It appeared, upon Examination of the Fad, that the wards prorogued to 14 Jan. 35 Hen. VIII. Execution was taken forth the 3°th Jon, 1603, a Day

That the Bill, brought by Skewes against Frewymard, before the Teste of the Writ, and was delivered to the was in Michaelmas, 31 Hen. VIII. two Years before the Serjeant the nth of , before Sir Thomas was

Summons of Parliament; that the Exigent, awarded elected.

against him after Judgment, was dated the 30th June, The Heads of the Debate upon this Occasion appear 35 Hen. VIII. that his rendering himself was 12 No- upon the Journal; and concluding with appointing a vernier, 25 Hen, VIII. about two Months before the Committee, to consider of all the Questions and Doubts Sessions began, on January 14th, 35 Hen. VIII. so that in this Cafe. 27 Mar. 1604, Page 58. the granting a Writ of Privilege on the 22 Febr. 35 Upon Report of the Committee, the House ordered.

Hen. VIII. was contrary to the P raft ice in the same of that at whose Suit Sir Thomas was arrested, and

Thorpe. the Serjeant, that arrested him, should be committed to

That there is likewise observable a special Clause in the Tower % and that they would hear Counsel on all the Writ of Privilege, which ifi'ued forth at this Time, Parties upon these Points;

arid runs thus: ift, Whether Privilege were to be allowed, fmce the

Cumfccundum confuetudinem in regno n'ro Angliae, Execution was taken forth before the Parliament fat: liactenus obtentam, et approbatam, d'ni magnates, et idly, Whether the Action was discharged:

niilites comitatuum, et civis et burgenfis civitatum et 3dly, Where the Loss should lie. 9 April, 1604,

burgorum, ad Parliamenta n'ra de summonitione nostra P- 108.

venientis, feu venire intendentes, aut in eifdem circa The Argument of the Counsel, and the Precedents ardua negotia, statum et utilitatem regni n'ri predi&i con- they used, appear in the Journal, p. 128; viz. cernantia, attendentes, fub protestione n'ra liberi, &c. That of Hyde, 14 IV. of Lark, 8 Hen, VI.

Hill 39 H. VIII. Rot. 39. in B. Regis. and of Clark, 29 Hen. VI.

And that, by this, Privilege is not limited to eundo, Upon the reading these Precedents, were put; morando, et redeundo, but is allowed to them, that de- »ft, Whether Sir should have Privilege:

signed to come up to Parliament; venire intendentes. idly. Whether presently, or deferred till further

That the next Cafe, in Time, is that of Tho. Fitz- Orders: herbert, which is thus reported by Moor; viz. 3dly, Whether we shall be Petitioners to his Majesty, Fitzherbert, 25* Eliz. was arrested in Execution on according to former Precedents, for some Course of fe-the 3d of February, at Seven of the Clock in the Fore- curing the Debt of the Party, and saving harmless the noon, and at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon was elected Warden of the Fleet.

Burgess for Newcastle under Line, to serve in Parliament, Which were all resolved in the Affirmative. Page ijt. which was to meet on the 19th Day of February; and the A Bill for securing Debt, was twice read, and

House of Commons did agree, that, for as much as he committed. P.134, 17 1604.

was arrested, before he was chose Burgess, he ought not The same Bill read a Third time, and palfed. P. 144. to have the Privilege of the House; my Lord Cock (who Sent up to the Lords. P. 148, 21 Apr. 1604. was then Speaker) alleging the same of Thorpe-, who A Bill for the Relief of Plaintiffs, where the Defenbeing Speaker of a Parliament in the Time of Hen. VI. dants in Execution are fetat Liberty, altered in the Stile, adjourned by Prorogation, the Speaker was arrested in and ordered to be ingrafted. 27 Apr. 1604.

Execution, at the Suit of the Duke of York; and the On the 2d May a Motion was made, to appoint a Parliament meeting again, it was resolved, that the Committee, to consider of all such. Precedents, as shall be Speaker should not have Privilege, but they elected a offered in the Particulars of Sir Tho. Shirley's same of new Speaker. Moor's Reports, p. 340. Privilege; and there are the Copies of several Records

That that same is likewise related by Sir Simon Dewes; in your Journal, who fays, he was arrested two Hours after his Election, " , That Sir Tho. Shirley be presently de-

but before his Indenture was returned to the Sheriff: livered:

Upon which Matter they drew two Questions: " Ordered, upon the Question, That a Writ of Habeas

1 ft. Whether Mr. Fitzherbert were a Member of the " Corpus shall presently be awarded, for the bringing of House. " his Body, being Prisoner in the Fleet, into the House

2dly, Admitting he w^re, yet, whether he ought to " Tomorrow, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning; have Privilege. " and a Warrant, containing the Effect of the Order,

And the Judgment of this House was, That Thomas " under the Hand of Mr. Speaker, directed to the Fitzherbert was, by his Election, a Member thereof; " Clerk of the Crown accordingly."^ yet he ought not to have a Privilege in three Respects: ift. Upon the 4th of May a Petition was tendered,

Fi^ft, Because he was taken in Execution before the Re- and read in the House, to be exhibited to his Majesty, turn of the Indenture of his Election: 2dly, Because for the Royal Assent to Sir Tho. Shirley's Bill presently to that he had been outlawed at the Queen's Suit, and be had. Upon the reading, it was not approved, nor was now taken in Execution for her Majesty's Debt: thought fit by the House to proceed in that Manner, be-

Thirdly, and lastly, In regard he was so taken by the ing, as was conceived, some Impeachment to the Privi-Sheriff, neither fedente Parliamento, nor eundo, nor re- leges of the House. The Petition itself is entered in the

deundo. Thus it is related by Sir Simon Dewes from the Journal, and is according to the Form of those Acts, anoninious Journal, which he so often quotes, page 479. that passed in the Time of Edw. IV. but the House re-490. 502. 516. 518. solved, that a Habeas Corp. be awarded, as before.

That the next Precedent is the same of Sir Thomas But the Warden of the Fleet denied to execute the Shirley, i° Jac.as follows; viz. Writ of Habeas , before the King's royal Assent

The Parliament 1" Jac. was summoned to meet on the was procured to the Bill, for the Security of Sympfon, and 19th of March; and on the 15th March, four Days himself; and was committed to the jSerjeant. 7 May, fore the Parliament met, Sir Tho. Shirley, who was elec- 1604.

ted Burgess for Steyning, in Sussex, was arrested, and com- The same Day an Act, for new Executions to be sued mitted to the Fleet. Page 39. after the Parliament, when the Defendants, 6?r. w$w

Upon a Motion made on this behalf, the House or- read a Third time, and palfed. 209.

Vo 1.. IS. 6C The

47°"

16® — 170' Decembtis.

A. 1707.,

Privilege of The.‘Warden of the Fleet continuing obstinate, and

ande^An-eft rc^u^nS to deliver Sir Thomas, unless he would give Se- curity, it was ordered to commit the Warden of the Fleet to the Tower, close Prisoner: 2. To fend the Serjeant Tomorrow (fitting the Court) to require the Delivery of Sir 77/o. Shirley. 8* 1604, Page 213.

The Serjeant returneth from the Fleet: Says, the Warden's Wife refuses to deliver him.

Mr. Secretary Herbert reports, that his Majesty, upon the reading the Precedent of Ferrers, was graciously pleased to leave it to their Liberty, to proceed in the Cafe, of Sir Thomas Shirley, as they thought fit. 9* May, 1604, p. 2107.

The first Bill for securing the Debt of , being

fotind faulty, after it had passed both Houses, a new Bill was drawn, and passed the House in one Day.

Sir RogerAston delivered from the King, that, in

verbo Principis, he will give his Assent at the End of the Session. 10 May, 1604, P- 219.

The. Warden, and his Wife, continuing obstinate, the House at last committed him to the Prison of Little Eafer within the Tower, 11 May, 1604, p. 222; and upon the 15-th caused Sir Tho. to be delivered; and he was instantly admitted to fit in the House. P. 232.

That there was but three Cafes since the Statute of King James, that the Committee were acquainted with.

The first of Sir IVm. Batnpfield, as follows; viz.

Sabbati,. 9 Apr. 12 Jac.

Sir Jdhti Strangexvith moveth, that Sir field, Bfirgefs for Bridport is committed by my Lord Chancellor since the Time of the Summons of the Parliament, but before this Election; and prays the Direction of the House: Which is referred to the Consideration of the Committees for Privileges.

Jovis, 14 Apr. 12 Jac.

Mr. Fuller reports. Sir William BampfiehTs same: That he was committed before Election, for a Contempt, for not accepting the Offer of Sir Geo. Wentworth.

44 Question, Whether Sir commit-

44 ted after the Summons, and before the Election, for a Contempt: —

" Ordered, Upon the Question, That he shall have his Privilege, by Writ of Habeas Corpus."

The 2d is thac of Sir John Prettyman, as follows; viz.

The Parliament was prorogued from the 10th November, 1674, to 13 Apr. 1675.

On the 14th of April 1675, Information being given to the House, that Sir John Prettyman, a Member of this House, is detained Prisoner in the Prison of the King's Bench.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do " bring Sir John Prettyman Tomorrow Morning to this House, together with the Cause of his being detained in Prison from the Attendance of this House."

15 April, 1675. The Marshal of the King's Bench being called into the House, to give an Account of the Order, sent to him, to bring Sir John Prettyman to the House; and having given an Account, why he had not at presentobeyed the Order; the Matter was referred to the Committee of Privileges.

20 1675.

44 Resolved, That Sir John Prettyman be delivered out of the Custody of the Martha! of the King's Bench,

to attend the Sendee of this House."

44 Resolved, That Sir John Prettyman be delivered froip such Custody by fending the Serjeant at Arms,

" attending o.n the House, with the Mace, to bring him to the Service of this House."

The 3d is that of Sir Robert Holt, as followeth; viz. Upon the 16th of February, 1676, Information was given to the House from Sir Robert Holt, a Member of the House, that he was detained Prisoner in the Fleet, at the Suit of Mr. Edward and thereby hin-

dered from attending the Service of the House.

16

it

it

A Petition of Mr. Edmond Prideaux was also tendered, and read.

And a Debate ensuing;

" Resolved, That the Matter of Sir Robert Holt his same (being taken in Execution, and detained Prisoner in the Fleet, and thereby hindered from attending - the Service of this House) be referred to aCommittee.' , 16 Feb. 1676.

On.the 22* Febr. 1676.

44 Resolved, That the Matter of Sir Robert Holt's 44 same (being detained in Prison in the Fleetr in Exe- cution, and thereby hindered Irom attending the Ser- vice of this House) be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; and they are to learch Prc- cedents in the Cafe."

On,the 2d April 1676.

44 Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt be delivered out of , 44.the Custody of the Warden of the Fleet, to attend the Service of the House.

44 Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt be delivered from " such Custody, by fending the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, with the Mace, to bring him to the Service of the House."

gilt (lioulri have Privilege.

And also the Statute of King James the 1®, Cap.

13°, intituled, "An Act for new Executions to be sued '

" against any, which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution by Privilege of Parliament, and for Discharge of them, out of whose Custody such Persons shall be delivered," was read.

Resolved, That John AJgill, Esquire (detained a Pri- Resolutions loner in the Fleet) ought to have the Privilege of this tb't Mr. AC-House, as a Member thereof.

Resolved, That John AJgill, Esquire, be delivered out of the Custody of the Warden of the Fleet, \o attend the Service of this House.

Resolved, That John AJgill, Esquire, be delivered from such Custody, by fending the Serjeant at Arms,1 attending this House, with the Mace, to bring him to' the Service of this House. '*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- State of the ing (after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Navy.

Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708) resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the'

Nation, in Relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- pr0,)?inne

ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Publication Committee, who were to examine, who was the Author, by a Member. Printpr, and Publisher, of a Book, intituled, "1\n Ar- gument, proving, that, according to the Covenant of eternal Life, revealed in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence irtto that eternal Life, without passing through Death, altho' the human Nature of Christ himself could not be thus translated, till he had passed through Death."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Isjline a Clock.

Mercurii, 170 dieD;

Anno 6® Annas Reginse, 1707.

Prayers.

SOME Members took the Oaths, and made and sub- Member* feribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed uke Oaili*. the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, Knight, and Dr. Irish Arrears. Camming, Physicians, Mr. Richard Thomas, Chaplain,

Irish

Revenues.

Pitto.

6vAnn. 170 £)ecembris. 4^i

lain, and Mr. Tho. Proby, Mailer Surgeon, in behalf

of thernfelved, and other Surgeons, Apothecaries, and; Clerks^ employed in the fix'd and moving Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded* during the late War in,

wasipresented-to the House, and read; setting forth, that j upofrftating the Petitioners Accounts by Cotnmiffidners, appointed >by the late King William* their Arrears: in the whole amounted, to, near £. 2,pop, and in l^oythey petitioned this House for the same; which Petition was referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Vernier was referred, who was Governor of the said Hospitals and a Bill palfed, for his Relief, and he received Debentures in full of his Demands]; but the Petitioners being later than Colonel Fenner, and nearthe'Emd of a Session, nothing was done for their Relief: That they are the only Persons, who were on the English Establishment, remaining unsatisfied, and many of them in great Want: And praying, that the House will grant the Petitioners Relief, in the Premises, they., being remediless elsewhere.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter of Fad, and report the same to the House;

-And it is referred to Lord Sir Godfrey

Copley, Mr. Molefworlb, Mt. Dolben, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Bromley, Mr. HilUrfden, Mr. Chafe,- Sir,

Sir Fran. Masham, Mr, Port Lord Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Worthy, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Sir. Edward Norreys, Mr. Boyle, Mr Mr.

don, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Annesley, Mr. , Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ducket, Mr., Nevill,; Sir. John Swintcn, Mr. ' Barren, Mr Poulteney, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Hampden: And all, that, come, are to..have Voice*: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the three French Regiments of Foot, late of Major General Lamelonier, Brigadier and the Right honourable, the Lord Biffed, formerly Brigadier Ducambon, was. prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the first of 1698,

it was resolved by this House, That the said.Regiments should -be paid their drift) Arrears for their Services,' during the late War there, great Part whereof yet remains unpaid: and the Petitjonets.are the only. Persons unpaid of all the Army, for that Service, though they are always ready to venture their Lives for her Majesty, and Go-, vemment, and are reduced to great Extremities: And praying, that they may be paid their Arrears, which have so long, been justly-due. f

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of Fad, and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that in examining, and Hating, the Arrears, due to the Petitioners, the Committee have regard to such Persons as were upon the Muster-rolls, and shall appear* and to such Widows and Children, as shall appear, and are Executors, or Administrators, of such Persons as are dead; and also, that they have regard only to such Arrears, as are due upon th cEstablishment.

1

A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, in behalf of himself, the Major, and all the subaltern Officers, of the late Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by the Marquis of Miremont (which was formerly presented to the House, and lay on the Table), was read; setting forth, that there is an Arrear due to the said Regiment, of £. 2,609. 10 s.8 d. for which his late Majesty, ifiueci

his Warrant to the Paymaster General, for Payment thereof: That, at the Instance of the Lord Gallway, the Petitioners paid the private Men what was dye to then}, and applied to the Paymaster for the said Arrears; who said he had no Money to pay the same; and since t,h$y have petitioned lief Majesty, who referred it (o Mr. St. John, Secretary at War; and on the ,ift of Febr. last

Vo t. 15.

he made his Report (annexed to the Petition) which Was t laid before her Majesty; who has been pleased to give ' Leave, that this Matter should be laid before this House:

' That the Petitioners are daily threatened with Arrests for . the Money by them borrowed, to pay the said private Men: And praying* that they may be relieved for the said Arrears, due to them, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to , whom the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of Fad, and report the same to the House. (:

Mr. Difion reported from the Committee, td whom the Bill for the Exportation of white woollen Cloth, was committed; that they had made one Amendment ' to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And hq, read the same in his Place, and after- ward* delivered it in atj the Clerk's Table; where the ' same was twice read, and, Upon the Question put1 thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tie' ingossed.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon by the House, to give an Account, what had been done in pursuance of their Resolutions. Yesterday in relation to Mr. Afgill, he acquainted the House, that he did Yesterday, in the Evening, go with the Mace to the Prison, and acquainted the Warden with, the three Resolutions of the House, and delivered them to him, signed by the Clerk, and required the Delivery of Mr .^Afand that the Warden said, he would readily pay Qbedience to the Orders of the House of Commons; And that he had delivered Mr. Afgillont of his. Custody.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The Hpufe resolved -itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708,.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the' Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone though the Bill, and had made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House wiH"please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

'The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed ,the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him, to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

; Sir Richard Onslow also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Exporting

Cloth.

Serjeant gives Account of the Liberation of Mr. Algill.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Supply.

State of the Navy*

47 'i i 8° Decembris. 1707.

charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, jOVtSy 18® die Decembrisi Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708,

was committed, the Amendments, made by the Com-Anno 6* Annas Reginae, 1707. mittee to the Bill, which he read in his Place, and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tablie; where the Praters. same were once read throughout, and then a Second

High Price A PETITION of the Matter, Wardens, and time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put of Cochineal. Jd\. Assistants, of the incorporate Company of Clothiers thereupon (with some Amendments to one of them) in the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and agreed unto by the House; and another Amend-

read; setting forth, that the House having under their ment was made by the House to the Bill.

Consideration the Trade of the Nation, the Woollen , That the Bill, with the Amendments; be

Manufactures of the said City and County being no in- ingrossed. considerable Branch thereof, for promoting the fame, the

Petitioners beg Leave to remark, that the said Manufac- Sir Rickard Onslow (according to Order) reported State of the

tures are in great measure exported to Turkey, and Iths from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it a'y*

eked into grain Colours, which, by reason of the high was referred to consider of the State of the Navy of this Price of Cochineal, that is, and has been, about 3OJ. Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, per Pound, every Cloth the Clothier fells, from £. 10 in relation to Convoys and Cruisers, the Resolution, they to 56* *4, costs the Merchant £. 10 for dying, besides had directed him to report to the House which he read dreding, and other Charges, amounting to more than the in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Value of the Cloth, and renders it dear abroad; which Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; gives great Advantage to our Competitors of other Na- viz.

tions, and lessens our Export by one Third: That the That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

French, by reason of their Trade to the West Indies, have That, for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom Cochineal cheap, and plenty, and can dye a good Co- (over and above the Ships of War for the Line of Battle, lour for 5 or 6, export that Commodity again into Hoi- and for Convoys to remote Parts) a sufficient Number of land, where it may be had 8 or rox. cheaper per Pound, Ships be appointed to cruise in proper Stations, for fe-than in England; and, when our old Stores are gone, as curing the Merchants in their going out, and returning the Law now (lands, it will be difficult to get Cochineal home.

at any Rate, and may endanger the Ruin of our Manu- The said Resolution being read a Second time;

failure: And praying, that, during the War, the House An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

will take the high Price of Cochineal into Consideration, inferring, after " Merchants," the Word " Ships." and apply such Remedies, as may prevent the Inconve- And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, niences arising the reby. agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table. Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, for Plymouth Major General Trelawney (according to Order) pre- the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom (oyer Work-house. fented to the House, a Bill for the erecting a Work-house and above the Ships of War for the Line of Battle, and in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of for Convoys to remote Parts) a sufficient Number of Devon, and for setting the Poor on work there, and Ships be appointed to cruise in proper Stations, for maintaining them; and the same was received. securing the Merchants Ships in their going out, and re-

turning home.

Exporting An ingrossed Bill for the Exportation of white woollen Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for the Security Cloth. Cloth, was read the Third time. of Trade, according to the said Resolution; and that

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title Mr. Mr. Heysham, Mr. Attorney General, Sir

be. An Act for the Exportation of white woollen Cloth. Richard Onslow, Mr. iVard, Mr Paget, Mr. Walpole,

Ordered, That Mr. Diston do carry the Bill to the Sir Gilbert and Mr. Fairer, do prepare, and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. bring in, the Bill.

Clark's Nat. Mr. Onflozv reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Katherine Clark, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Plymouth A Bill for the erecting a Work-house in the Town and "WorU-house. Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on work there, and maintaining them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Scotland — The Ix»rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T«-peaUng Act for repealing, and declaring the Determination of two for Security A ft s, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one in-doni Ac'"55* tltu'ed, " Act for the Security of the Kingdom," the other,- " Act anent Peace and War," without any Amendment:

Supply Bill; Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Tax. Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1708, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

tipply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Walt Duties* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

A Petition of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace at Harwich the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held in and Hoad*, for the County of Essex, at Chelmsford, in the said County, on Tuesday, the 8th Day of OElobtr, in the 6th Year of her Majesty's Reign, on behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the said County, and others, travelling between the City of London, and the Town of Harwich, in the said County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 3d, for repairing the Highways between London and Harwich, a Toll was granted for 15 Years, for that Purpose: That the Petitioners have examined and considered of the Profits of the said Toll, and the Accounts and Charges in repairing the Highways, already amended, and find, that several other Parts of the Roads remain unrepaired, and that the Charge to repair them will be so great, and take up so much Time, that they cannot possibly be perfected, before the said Act will expire: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Toil, granted by the said Act, for such further Term of Years, as lha'il be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Middleton, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Major

6 Ann. i8* Decembris. 473

Hamilton's Major General Mordant (according to Order) present-Kftatt. ed to the House, a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, deceased; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

SUM of War Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday, the with Spain. 17th Day of January next, take into Consideration the State of the War with Spain.

Ordered, That the Resolutions of the two first Councils of War, after the railing the Seige of , be

laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Number of Forces the King of Spain was to maintain out of the Money, granted the last Session of Parliament, when they were provided, and how employed.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, when the Cloaths, Arms, Provisions, and Money, arrived, that were lent to the King of Spain the lad Year.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Number of Forces in Dutch Pay were employed, and by any Stipulation or Treaty ought to have been employed, in Spain and Portugal for the Three last Years, and what Number were there at the Battle of Almanza, and where.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, what Numbers the several Regiments consisted of, which were in English Pay at the Time of the Battle of Almanza.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, what Sums of Money have been taken up in Italy upon Account of Spain, by whom, at what Rates, and by what Order.

Resolved, That an. humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the said Resolutions, and Accounts, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Propbane The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Publication Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to by a Member. examine, who was the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of a Book, intituled, " An Argument, proving, that, "according to the Covenant of eternal Life, revealed " in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence " into that eternal Life, without passing through Death,

altho' the human Nature of Christ himself could not " be thus translated, till he had passed through Death;" and to report, such Passages as are contrary to, and reflecting upon, the Christian Religion.

And the Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having, summoned several Persons before them, in order to the Discovery of the Author, Printer, and Publillier, of the said Book;

Mr. John Darby, a Printer, said, that he was sent for this Morning by Mr. A and when he came to him, Mr. AfgiU was writing a Letter; which, when he had finished, he read over to him, and then inclosed in it one of the 2d Impresslons of his Book, and desired him to deliver the same to the Chairman of this Committee.

Which Letter was read to the Committee, and is mark'd A.

The laid Darby laid, that he printed the first Im-prelfion of the Book, inclosed in the said Letter, having the Copy from Mr. AfgiU, to whom he gaye no , Consideration for it; but that what Books Mr had from him, he paid for;, and that Mrs. Abigail Baldwyn published the said Books for him.

Robert Stevens, Messenger to the Press, said, upon fight of one of the said Books, that Mr. John Darby was the Printer, and Mrs. Abigail was the Pub-

lilher, thereof.

Then the Committee took into Consideration, what Passages are in the said Book, which are contrary to, Vo L. 15.

and reflecting upon, the Christian Religion; which they find to be, as followeth; viz.

Page 7th. " Now the Afiertion of Christ concerning " himself was, That Man by him may live for ever." ". And this is that Magnetick, which hath drawn thd " World after him." "

Page 8. " Now if these Words of his are Words only; " then was he an Impofter, and his Doctrine is falle: '

" But if this Afiertion of himself be true, That Mad, " by him may live for ever, then all our Attempts beneath this are mean and cowardly, as counting ourselves unworthy of eternal Life." '

Page 24. " Such was the Death of Christ; without " a Precedent, without a Name, without a Reason', " without a Cause: They hated me without a Causet " But they were all against him, because God was against " him."

Page 30. " Men charge God as an Humourift, for " condemning the whole Race of Mankind for lb small " an Offence, as eating a little forbidden Fruit."

Page 33. " Had Christ thus become Man, and died, " and role again, all voluntarily, to try an Experiment; " he had only saved his own Life, and left all the World " to shift for themselves.

" But this would have been Knight Errantry, in " tempting God; against which he hath sufficiently dedared himself."

Page 36. " The Devil told Eve, that they might eat, " and not die.

" And these were the first Words spoken to Man by " God, or the Devil, upon the Truth or Falsehooti " whereof the very Beings of them both were to depend " for ever; for which ever of them could maintain the " Truth of his Word against the other* he mull have " been God, and the other the Devil.

" And therefore God having turned the Lye upon " the Devil, he is from thence called a Lyar from the " Beginning, and the Father of it, and will never be " believed again for ever.

" God could not have dispensed with his Word, with-(c out complimenting the Devil with his Godhead, in " taking the Lye upon himself. And this he could not " do: For God cannot lye, without undeifying himself; " and this he can't do, because all his Qualities being " of his Essence, he can't change them."

Page 51. " And after that it was no matter to Man, " whether Christ had ever given Satisfaction to God, or " not: We might have said to God, Look thou to that." Page 78. " We don't think ourselves fit to deal with " one another in human Affairs, tijl our Age of One-andtwenty; but to deal with our Maker, thus offended, " to counter-plot the Malice of fallen Angels, and to refeue ourselves from eternal Ruin, we are generally " as well qualified for, before we can (peak plain, as " all our Life-time after."

Page 82. " But what is it, that you do or would believe of him, or in him ? /

" Why, we believe him for our Saviour.

" Save you from what

" Why, from our Sins:

" Why, what Hurt will Sin do you

" Why, it will kill us.

" How do you know? J

* Why, the Law of God faith so: In the Day thou eateft thereof, thou (halt die. '

" Why, but. then will not this Saviour lave you froth

this Law, and from this Death?

" No, No: He'll save us from Sin.

" Why, then, it seems, you have got a Pardon for " Horse-stealing, with a Non*obstante to be hang'd.

" Do but fee now, what a Jest you have made of your " Faith: And yet I defy the Order of Priesthood to " form a better Creed, than this, without admitting the

Truth of my Argument, or to make Sense of their own Faith, without adding mine to it.

" It is much easier to make a Creed, than to believe it, after it is made."

iB P»g*

474 18* — 190

Page 95. " But when that is'done, I know no Business I have with the Dead; and therefore do as much u depend, that I shall not go hence by returning to the " Dust, which is the Sentence of that Law, from which " I claim a Discharge; but that I shall make my Exit " by way of Translation, which I claim as a Dignity belonging to that Degree in the Science of eternal " Life, of which I profess myself a Graduate, according " to the true Intent and Meaning of the Covenant of " eternal Life, revealed in the Scriptures.

" And if after this I die like other Men, I declare " myself to die of no Religion."

Page 98. " Therefore, to be even with the World at " once, he that wonders at my Faith, I wonder at his " Unbelief.

" And flare at me as long as you will, I am sure, " that neither my Physiognomy, Sins, nor my Misfortunes, can make me look (o unlikely to be translated, " as my Redeemer was to be hanged. " -

RojalMiat A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy-to Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

TI19 Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Service

of the Year 1708:

An Act for repealing, and declaring the Determination of two Acts, passed in the Parliament of,

the one intituled, " Act for Security of the Kingdom," the other, " Act anent Peace and War:*

An Act for better securing the Duties on India Goods:

And that afterwards her Majesty had been pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses j which he had obtained a Copy of, and read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Decembris. A: 1707.

to you to confirm, and improve, the Advantages of our happy Union, not doubting, but at the same time you will have a due Regard to what shall be found necessary for preserving the publick Peace throughout the whole Island of Great Britain.

Ordered \That her Majesty's most gracious Speech Quee, lli this Day to both Houses, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

----- Then John AJgill, Esquire, was heard in his Place, in Prophane

relation to the said Report concerning the said Book.

And the Title of the said Book was read. em er‘

Resolved, That in the Book, intituled, An Argument,

proving, that, according to the Covenant of eternal " Life, revealed in the Scriptures, Man may be translated from hence into that eternal Life, without passing through Death, although the human Nature of " Christ himself could not be thus translated, till he had " passed through Deathare contained many profane and blasphemous Expressions, highly reflecting upon the Christian Religion.

Ordered, That the said Book be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman in the Palace,

Westminster, upon Saturday next, between the Hours of Twelve and One a Clock; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do assist the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, in seeing the same done.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Nine a Clock;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

fSir Hen. Dutton,

jio9.

'£Mr. Duckett:

Tellers for the Noes},6s'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That John Afgill, Esquire, having in his Mr. Afgill, Place owned himself to be the Author of the said Book, lhe Author, be expelled this House. expelled*

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I AM very well pleased with the Occasion of my coming hither at this Time, and desirous to take this Opportunity of expressing to you the Satisfaction I have in seeing so good a Progress made in the publick Business.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I am extremely sensible of the Readiness and Affection, with which you have provided so considerable a Part of the Supplies.

As I am fully persuaded, it must needs give the greatest Satisfaction to all our Allies, so I look upon it as a sure Pledge of your being disposed to make good those hearty Assurances, which you gave me in the Beginning of the Session.

I told you at the opening of this Parliament, that I did hope, you would look upon the Services, relating to Spain, Portugal, and the Army under the Command of

the Duke of Savoy, to be of so much Importance in the Prosecution of this War, that they might deserve an Augmentation; which I cannot but think will be of the greatest Use to the common Cause, both with regard, to those particular Services, and to the putting ourselves in a Condition to improve such favourable Opportunities, as may arise in the ensuing Year.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I shall only add, that, as nothing is more essential to my own Quiet, and the Happiness of all my good Subjects, than the bringing this War to a lafe and honourable Conclusion; so I must think myself obliged to look upon all those, who are willing and desirous to support me in it, for attaining that End, as the most proper Objects of my Favour and Encouragement.

I cannot conclude, without once more recommending

Resolved, That this House will, upon , the Union with

Thirteenth Day of January next, resolve itself into a Scotland. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Feneris, 190 die Decembris5 Anno 6° Anns Regin®, 1707 - Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Katherine'Clark, Clark's Nat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Katherine Clark, Daughter of Sir William Clark, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen have Leave to go into Leave of

the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Absenc#. cafions.

Ordered, That Colonel Pigott have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc cafions.

A Petition of Margaret and Mary Molloy, was pre- Mollov's fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in Ettate. 1705 the Petitioners petitioned this House, which was referred to a Committee; who reported, that Charles 24

6 Ann. i of Decembris. 475

Molloy, the Petitioners Grandfather, was seised in Fee of a considerable Estate in Ireland: That the Petitioners, as his Descendants, had quiet Possession thereof, till the same was seized on Pretence of the Attainder of one Geohegan, who claimed under a Deed, made in 1663 by the said Charles, when he was a Lunatick: That

began never enjoyed the Estate: That the Petitioners claimed the same before the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures: That they dismiss'd the Claim, and fold the Estate for £. 6,034. js. And the said Committee came to a Resolution, That they were of Opinion, the Petitioners had fully proved the Allegations of their Petition: That they were real Objects of Compassion, and justly defended the Favour of the House: But nothing being then further done, by reason the Parliament was loon after prorogued; and, because of the Petitioners Poverty, they could not apply themselves to her Majesty sooner, than ' the 16th of March last, for her Recommendation of

their same to this House; and then her Majesty was pleased to recommend the Petitioners same accordingly; and the House being soon after prorogued, nothing was then done for their Relief: And praying, that their same may be taken into Consideration, and that they may be relieved therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, Doctor , and others, is re-

ferred j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that Mr. Sir Edward , Mr.

Medlicot, Mr. Ellis, Sir John , Mr.

Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Wm. St Quint in, Mr. Annejley, Mr. jiijlaby, Mr. Givyn, Mr. Owen, be added to the said Committee.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for charging, and continuing, the Malt Duties. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Maflufu&irci. Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners did for several Years make, and export, great Quantities of Perpe-tuanes, Serges, and other Woollen Goods, into Germany: That in 1700, the Emperor granted a Patent to one Kolb, for the foie making and dying of Woollen Goods in Austria, prohibiting the Importation of English Goods there; and in last April granted the said Kolb another Patent, prohibiting the Importation of any foreign Woollen Goods in Stiria for 30 Years, unless the Importers produce Kolb's Certificate: That they have taken 2,000 Pieces of his Woollen Manufactures, which is as much, as that Province usually consumes in a Year: That the first Prohibition hath very much lessened the Sale of Perpetuanes in Exon, to a considerable Value weekly, and it being likely to extend to other the Emperor's hereditary Countries, will prove very fatal to the Woollen Manufactures in general, and, if not timely prevented, will be the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families: And praying the House to take the Prc-mises into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir fVm. Courtney, Sir Nicholas Morris, Mr. Palmer, Sir Hard. Mr. Peyton,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Fran. Child, Sir IVm. fVythers, Mr. Pole, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Blatbwait, Mr. MonIIon, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Vo L. 15

4

Btydges, Sir Hen. Lyddell, Mr. Chambers, Mr. King, Mr,

Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Colfon, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Hicks,

Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Portman, Mr. Reynell, Mr.

Snell, Sir Walter Tonge; and all, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Cornwall, Devon, Gloucester, Wilts,

Southampton, Worcester, and Norfolk: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Serge-makers, and Clothiers, of the Woollen Town and Borough of Totnesse, in the County of Devon, Manufactures. in behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Parts adjacent, making, trading and dealing in, the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, for several Years last past, the Petitioners have fold great Quantities of Serges and Perpetuanaes into Germany, to the Support of their Families; but the Emperor of Germany having laid a Prohibition of our Woollen Goods in his hereditary Countries, the Petitioners Trades for several Years past has thereby much decreased, and their whole Stocks lying dead upon their Hands for want of Vent, they cannot continue their Trades, unless speedily relieved therein: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders, in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of , and Parts adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Clothiers in the Woollen Manufacto- Ditt*. ry within the Town and Borough of Ashburlon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners did, for several Years past, fell to Merchants Exporters great Quantities of Perpetuanaes, and Serges, for Germany; but the Emperor having prohibited the same in his hereditary Countries, it has much lessened their Trade, and impoverish'd the poor Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, that the House will find some proper Remedy for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of thp Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Ditto, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Town and Corporation of Taunton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Emperor of Germary having prohibited the Importation of any foreign Goods into S//W<7,hath very much lessened the Sale and Exportation of Serges, Duroys, and other Woollen Manufactures, whereon the Petitioners particularly depend; and this being a growing Evil, and likely to extend to other the Emperor's hereditary Countries, will prove fatal to the Woollen Manufactures in general; And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve them therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Bo- Importing rough of Moortonhampstead, in the County of Devon, InlhYaraf and also of the Weavers, Fullers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since Michaelmas last there has been 1,580 Packs of Worsted and Woollen Yarn imported from Ireland into

47 6

Bristol, and other Western Ports, which may be brought hither much cheaper, than it can be afforded here, by reason of the low Duty thereon, and the Cheapness of Wool and Wages in Ireland; from whence a considerable Disadvantage will arise to her Majesty, by lessening the Customs on Wool, and to the Nobility and Gentry, by sinking the Price of Wool here, and especially to Wool-ftaplers, Washers, Combers, Spinsters, and other Workers in Wool, whereon the Petitioners chiefly depend, and now are very much straitened for want of Employment: And praying the House to apply such proper and timely Remedies, as may for the future prevent the like Inconveniences arising by such Importation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of , and Parts adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Importing A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, jufment-

Irish Y»rn. holders, Serge-makers, Worsted-combers, and Spinsters, of the Parishes of Halb P ever ell, Usf-

combe, Culmstock, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade in those Parts wholly depends on the Woollen Manufactures, which of late is so mil'erably decayed, that all forts of People groan under it, their Goods, when made, lying long on their Hands, for want of due Convoys to the Merchants j and now they are further oppress'd, and their Ruin completed, by the Abundance of Irish Worsted brought into divers Ports, which filled the Country, and deprived their Labourers f the little Employment they had: And praying the Ilelief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto.' A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of , and also of the Merchants, Weavers, Fullers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in the said City and County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Yarn is imported from Ireland into divers of our Western Ports, at above £. 20 per cent, cheaper, than it can be made here $ whereby our Labourers here in the Woollen Manufactures are deprived of their Employments, the Price of Wool is much lessened here, as also her Majesty's Customs: And praying the House to apply such seasonable Remedies in the Premises, as may prevent the like Mif-chiefs for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, as also of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, Worsted-combers, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of , in Devon, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Woollen Manufactures have of late suffered considerably in their Exportation, for want of Convoys and Cruisers; and the great Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Yarn, imported from Ireland into England (which can be rendered much cheaper, than our Work-people can make it) has further occasioned a Decay in the Woollen Trade,

; 1707.

and threatens to deprive the Western Parts of great Numbers of its working Inhabitants, by removing into Ireland; which must consequently fink the Value of Land and Wool here, and multiply the Poor, for want of Employment: And praying, that the House will take such Measures, as may be expedient, to prevent the Mischiefs, which must otherwise accrue from their Fellow-fobjects in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the ancient Borough of Ashburton, in the Importing County of Devon, who depend on the Woollen Manu- In,il Y*-facture, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that Multitudes of the common People, formerly employed in the Woollen Manufactories, are now out of Work, which is chiefly occasioned by the vast Quantities of Yarn brought hither from Ireland, which hath deprived them of great Part of their Labour, and, if not speedily prevented of those evil Practices, it will be the utter Ruin of many Thousands in the Western Parts of England: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also, of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Answer t® Address of Yesterday, for several Resolutions, and Ac- Address. counts, relating to the War with Spain, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint the House, that she had given Directions to the proper Officers, that the said Resolutions, and Accounts, should be prepared with all Exactness, and with all Speed possible laid before the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bramber the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nt* the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of in

the room of John Afgill, Esquire, expelled this House.

Sir Richard Onslow (according to Order) presented to American the House, a Bill for the better Security and Encourage- Trade, ment of the American Trade; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday, the Twelfth Day of January next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.'Conytrs a]Co acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House,

19* Decembris.

6 Ann. 190 — 20°

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Irish Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bertie, Lord , Mr.

Arrean. Booth, Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. Mem, Bertie, Mr. Cefar, Mr.

Benuet, Mr. Berne, Mr. Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Lowndes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 2 o° die Decembris;

Anno 6* Annae Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

Hamilton'* A BIL L for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Estate. xjl Hamilton, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Serge-

Irish Yam. makers^ Worsted-combers, and Spinsters, of the Town and Parish of Collumpton, in the County of and

Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Maintenance of the Poor, and the Support of the Value of Lands, depend intirely upon the Encouragement of the Woolfen Manufactures: That the great Quantities of combed Wool, and Wool made into Worsted in Ireland, and of late imported into divers of our Western Ports, doth very sensibly affect the Petitioners, and deprives a Multitude of Hands of their Labour; which Evil is daily increasing: And praying, that the said Grievance may be redressed.

Ordered, That the Consideratioa of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

Bath Road*. A Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between the Top of Kings-dow Hill and the City of Bath,

in the County of Somerset, and also several other Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City of Bath, and for regulating the Chairmen of the same City, was read a Second time.

Pufolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waite, Mr. Trotman, Lord , Sir Hen. Dutton Colt,

Lord Hyde, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Yates, Sir Wm. Daynes, Mr. Morley, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Nijbett, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. Ireton, Sir John Awbrey, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Jo. Jennings, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bennet, Sir Fra. Peter

Hacket, Mr. Goring, Mr. Mr. Morrison, Mr.

Bayfy, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thynn, Sir John

Whitwrong, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. well; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, Wilts, Warwick, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tone A Petition of the Traders and Inhabitants of the Town

Navigation. Df Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Con-fervators of the River Tone are endeavouring to have a certain Toll on Coals and Goods, now laid at the first Lock above Coal Harbour, to be laid at Knap Bridge; the which will be a new Charge upon great Part of the South-weft Inhabitants of the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and will, consequently, oblige them to provide their Coals, and other Goods, elsewhere, to the Prejudice of Bridgwater: And praying, that no. further Toll Vo l. 15.

Decembris. 477

may be granted, than is now payable upon the said River Tone.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon thfe Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought m.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Importing and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, Yarn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,-that many Thousands of adjacent Poor have been employed in the Woollen Manufacture, and the greatest Part of the Wool, combed there, has usually been carried into the Western Parts, as far as Exeter, and there sold at a good Price; but of late such vast Quantities of worsted and woollen Yarn have been imported from Ireland (where they buy Wool, and make it up* cheaper, than we can here) that they undersell us, and the Petitioners cannot at any Rate fell a Quarter so much, as usually: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Great Privileges and Elections, touching the Matter of the Bedwyn Election for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County Ele&ios. of Wilts, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Benjamin Joules was presented to the Portsmouth House, and read; setting forth, that, by Order of the Harbonr. Navy Board, 23 Jan. 1702, it was referred to Samuel Atkinson, Esquire, to survey Porlfmouth Harbour; who 7th Febr. 1702, reported, that the Bank, called the Middle Bank, and the Shoal on Gosport Side of the Harbour, was very much increased; and his Opinion was, that the Queen should employ Vessels, and Men, to remove the said Shoals, which would be a great Advantage to the Harbour; and upon a subsequent Survey of the said Harbour, Henry Greenhill, Esquire, reported the 27th March, 1703, to the like Purpose; adding, that by taking Ballad from Block-house Point, it had wasted that Point 20 Yards, by which means a Capftern, set up for a Boom a-thwart the Harbour, to prevent an Enemy's coming in, was rendered unserviceable: That, upon these Reports, the Commissioners of the Navy published, that they would contract with any Person, to serve her Majesty's Ships there with Ballast, but uot from Block-house Point; That ever since the 6 th of Sept.

1703, the Petitioner, by Contract, hath served the Navy there with Ballast from oft his own Ground; That the Petitioner proposes to remove the said Shoals out of the said Harbour, at his own Charges, provided (as the Report of Mr. Atkinson faith) it is fitting for Ballast, but if not, then tobe allowed nine Pence pfr Ton, which is 4 d. per Ton cheaper, than the Queen paid for the same Work at Chatham Harbour; and the Petitioner be obliged sufficiently to supply both Men of War, and Merchant Ships, with Ballast, in such Time after Notice, as to be no Prejudice to their Service; and that the Boys, employed in the Ballast Work, after they have served one Half of their Time, shall, if Occasion be, serve the other Half in any of her Majesty's Ships of War; And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling a Method at Gosport, near Portsmouth Harbour, for the better ballasting her Majesty's Men of War, and other Ships and Vessels, and also for removing and preventing, the Shoals within the said Harbour.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said . Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to

6 E Ordered,

478 20* Decembris. A: 1707.

irish Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Arrears. whom the Petition of Captain James Roch, was referred, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Annesley's Mr. Aijlaby (according to Order) presented to the Eftaie House, a Bill for the Relief of Francis Esquire,

in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingtlom; and the same was received.

Supply! Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were read, and are as follow j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of £.586,671. 12 6be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining her Majesty's established Forces to serve in Spain and , including the Pay of

General Officers, and the Charge of Contingencies, and for Forage, Waggon-money, and Baggage-money, and for the Charge of the Garison of Gibraltar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding £.494,689. 8j. 6 be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies payable to her Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding £.500,000 be granted to her Majesty, for the Augmentation of her Forces, in order to strengthen the Army of the Duke of , for making good the Alliances with the King of and for the effectual carrying on the War, for Recovery of the Spanifk Monarchy to the House of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding£. 511,734. 8j. be granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of maintaining Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for Payment of the Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1708, including Five thousand Men, to serve on board the Fleet.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Leave of Ordered, That Colonel Horatio Walpole have Leave to Absence. g0 into the Country for a Month, up®n extraordinary Occasions.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon , the

Navy. 10th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

Ordered, That the Instructions, and Orders, given to Commodore Kerr, before he failed to the West and those sent to him after his Arrival there, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that lhe will be pleased to give Order, that the said Instructions, and Orders, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moil honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Commodore Kerr do attend this House upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of January next, and bring

with him his Journal of his Voyage.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wood, Merchant, do attend this House upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Captains, as belonged to Commodore Kerr's Squadron, and are come home with him, do attend this House upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of January next, and bring with them their Journals of their Voyages.

The House being informed, that the Register of the Court of Admiralty attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty,

An Account, taken and extracted out of the Records of the high Court of Admiralty, of all such Ships and Goods, as have been condemned as Prize in the said Court, from the Beginning of the War, declared against France and Spain the 4th of May 1702, to the ift of December, 1707; of which, those taken by Men of War, and condemned to the Queen, are only under the Management of the Commissioners of Prizes, those condemned to the Lord High Admiral, under the Management of his Officers, and those condemned to Privateers, under the Management of themselves, or their Agents: Also,

An Account of all such Ships, and Goods, as have been taken by, and re-taken from, the Enemy, as well by her Majesty's Ships of War, &c. as by Privateers, from May the 4th, 1702 (the Commencement of the present War) to December the ift, 1705.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Plymouth Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for Workhouse. letting the Poor on work there, and maintaining them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Bing, Lord Coningsby, Lord Powl Mr. Bere, Mr.

Aylmer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. BlatJnvaite, Mr. Peyton,

Mr. Edgcombe, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Pollock, Major General Trelawney, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Givynn, Mr.

Ogilvie, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Grant, Mr. Ba/Jlt, Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Snell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Allerdice, Mr. King,

Mr. Wortley, Sir John Jennings, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Tates,

Mr. Doddington, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Cox; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Medlycote:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Walt Duties. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Woollen Assistants, as also of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, MamifafUirc*. and others, trading in the Woollen Manufactory, in the Borough of Tiverton, and Devon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the making of Serges, and other woollen Goods, in those Parts is very much lessened by the Emperor of Germany's Prohibition thereof in Austria and; and, notwithstanding her Majesty's Ministers at Vienna have repre-fented the Unreasonableness of such Prohibition, yet the Emperor threatens to do it also in and Bohemia:

And praying the House to take the same of theirfinking Trade into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, is referred.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, that the Representations of the Commissioners of Trade,

45 relating

6 Ann.

20° — 2 2° D

479

relating to the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Aufiria and Stiria, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addrest be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Dr. Eyre* to Ordered, That Doctor Robert Eyres be desired to preach on preach before this House on the 30th Day of Jamary 3°l ',ttn' next j and that Mr. Bry the LordTFw. Powlet, and Mr. Eyres, do acquaint him therewith.

Army

Debentures.

Leave of Absence.

I'nion.

Royal Assent to a Bill.

Army

Extras.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervois have Leave to go into the Country for five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare the Bill, upon the Resolutions of the House relating to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that they may prepare a Bill, or Bills, if they think fit.

A Message from her Majesty by Mr. Aston. Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1708.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunae., 2 2° die Decembris; Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Praters.

MR. St. John presented to the House, An Account of feme extraordinary Charges of the War, not provided for in the last Session of Parliament, or incurred since.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

Extraordinaries for Italy:

To the Duke of Savoy, over and above his Subsidy in the Year 1707, for especial Service in prosecuting the War against France To the Landgrave of|

HeJJe CaJJe'I, for his ad- I

ditional Subsidy on Ac- V *' count of his Troops in-i4*»957 Italy, pursuant to the Treaty, the Sum of Whereof there being"! allowed by Parliament I towards this Expence, > 20,000 o in the Year 1707, the I Sum of - - -J

There remains to be 7 provided the Sum of -j "

d.

o

For the Garilon of Gibraltar:

For Payments made for defraying"} the Charge of the Fortifications, and f other Services, of the Garilon off Gibraltar in the Year 1706 - -)

s.

d.

100,000 — —

*2,957

a —

122,957 2 —

12,284. 19 81

135,242 1 Si

Vol. Id.

H. St.John.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb, Burgess for llchester, have Leave of Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

A Petition of several of the Officers of her Majesty's Armies in Flanders was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners have received some Part of the Interest due on Debentures, which they received for their Services in the Reduction of Ireland:

That they intirely depend on the Justice of the House to make good parliamentary Deficiencies: And praying, that such further Provision may be made for Payment of the remaining Principal and Interest, due on the said Debentures, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House,' who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Ducket (according to Order) presented to the Cherrill Hill House, a Bill for the better Amendment of the Way, Roud*. which leads from the Top of Cherrill Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and the same was received.

A Petition of Peter BettJworth, Esquire, was pre- Bettsworth'* fented to the House, and read 5 setting forth, that the Estate. Petitioner having, in pursuance of Marriage Articles, settled an Estate in Humbleton, in Hampshire, under a Power of Revocation with the Consent of the Trustees therein j and the Petitioner having since conveyed over his Estate for Life in the Premisses; and thinking, it may be for the Advantage of his Family to sell the same, to pay Debts, and secure other Estate of the Petitioner, to make good the Covenants of the Marriage Articles, a Doubt in Law has arisen, whether, by the Conveyance of the Estate for Life, the Power of Revocation is not extinguished: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to fell the said settled Estate, and for settling other Estates, to make good the said Article*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Worjley, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. John Eyres,

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, jrifl, Arrears, to whom the Petition of Captain James Roch, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; yhich he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That at the Siege of Londonderry, in Ireland, the Petitioner did very signal Services, for which he was promised a Reward of 3,000 Guineas by Major General Kirk, as by Certificate under the Hand of the said Major General, dated the 22d of May 1691, produced and proved to the said Committee, appeared.

That his late Majesty King William the 3d (in lieu of the said Reward) did grant to the Petitioner several forfeited Estates in Ireland, of a considerable Value; but the same were decreed to the old Proprietors by the late Trustees for Irish Forfeitures; so that the Petitioner had no greater Benefit by the said Grant, than £. t8o.

12 j. 5 d.as appeared to the Committee by a Report of the said Trustees to this House in 1704.

That, upon the said Report, an Act of Parliament passed, for Payment of the Sum of £. 3,269. 7 yd. to the said Petitioner out of the first Arrears of Rent of the said forfeited and other Estates in Ireland.

That by virtue of the said Act of Parliament the Petitioner has received the Sum of £.1,148. 95. o and no more, as appeared by Certificate under the Hand of Hohn Pratt, Esquire, Deputy Receiver General in Ireland, dated the 22d of November 1707.

Ordered,

480

Ordered, That the Confederation of the Cud Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Receipts for Ordered, That the Commissioners of Prizes do lay Prises, before this House, an Account of what Money is remaining in the Hands of the late or the present Receiver General of the Prizes, and on what Prizes due, and the Dates of the Warrants from the principal Commissioners, for Payment of those Prizes.

Annesley't A Bill for the Relief of Esquire, in

Efetc. relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Skippon have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Woollen Mr. Monfton (from the Commissioners of Trade and

Manuf.anrw, p]antatjonsj acquainted the House, that they had received her Majesty's Commands, pursuant to their Address on Saturday lad, to lay before the House the Representations of the said Commissioners, relating to the Prohibition of the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures in Aujhria and Stiria.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Representations be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

The said Representations are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Great Bedwin Mr. Qompton reported from the Committee of Pri-Elettion. vileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were . read, and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Nicholas Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return of Tracey Pauncefort, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freeholders, and the Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Messuages.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were.

For the Sitting Member - - 68:

For Mr. Edward Pauncefort - 29:

For the Petitioner - - - - 22.

But the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that several, who had voted for the Sitting Member, had no Rightj and that all the Sitting Member's Votes were gained by Bribery and Corruption; and that Mr. Edward Pauncefort' % Votes were gained in the same Manner, and with a Design to prevent any Petition.

A. 1707.

That, as to the Sitting Member's unqualified Votes, it was admitted, that Eight, viz. Jof. Bally, Edw. Batt, John Sindall, Tho. Mundy, John Collins, Anth. Collins, John King, and John Sheppard, who voted for the Sitting Member, did live in Houses crofted upon new Foundations:

And that Isaac Gilbert, who voted for Mr. Edward Pauncefort, was under the like Disqualification.

That, as to the Bribery, several Witnesses were called; viz.

Richard Bartholomew; who said, he was called out of his Bed on Sunday Night, the 23d of Novem. to go to the King's Head, kept by Mundy, and, when he

came, he found many of his Neighbours there; and it was proposed to set their Hands to a Writing, to join in the Election of Mr. Tracy PauncefortThat £.3 a Man was offered ;. but (ome infilled to have 4, but it was answered that £. 3 was a pretty deal of Money for the Time this Parliament was like to continue j and so £. 3 a Man was agreed to:

That Captain Hall and Mr. Hall were in a Room above Stairs; and several Persons, who were called, went up to them, among whom were Richard Earley, junior. Rich. Cope, and John; who owned, they

received Money above Stairs; and that William and Edward Tidcombe, who were two of the Bar-

gain-makers, went up, and Simon Payne; who owned, that he received Money for his Father-in-law, Richard Burger: But of his own Knowlege he could give no Account of their receiving any Money, he Haying below Stairs.

He further said, there were several Voters below Stairs, who drank there, as well as himself; and that he did not pay, nor fee any body else pay.

He laid further, that the Sitting Member had lent him, and one Bushell, half a Guinea a-piece; and told him, that, if he, the said Bartholomew, would vote for him, it should not be demanded; but not voting for him, he had been threatened, if he did not pay it.

William Nalder, Edward John Nutley,

Richard Talmage, Richard Langfeild, John Spreadberry,

John Talmage, and James Bezant, being severally examined, gave an Account, that they were sent for on the 23d Day of November, between Two and Three a Clock at Night, to Mundy's House, and were called up Stairs, and a Writing was offered them to sign, to chuse Mr. Tracey Pauncefort: That there was in the Room the two Halls (mentioned by BartholomeJohn Long, and a Person, whose Name they did not know: That they received two Guineas, and 17 in Silver, from this nameless Person; and that, when they received their Money, they saw a great Sum of Money on the Table, divided into Parcels. One of these Witnesses, viz. Richard Talmage, voted for Mr.; of the Seven

others, fix voted for the Sitting Member, and one for Mr. Edward Pauncefort; but most of them deplared, they would have voted for Mr. Pollexfen, if they had not had the Money. And Bezant laid, there were about Threescore called up into this Room, one by one; but said, that some, that were called of, voted for Mr. Pollexfen.

And then the Petitioner's Counsel produced a Note under the Sitting Member's Hand, of the Date, and in the Words, following:

November 26th, 1707. I promise to pay to Mr.

Bushell, or Order, the Sum, of Forty-nine Pounds, on " demand: Value received. T. ."

The Note was endorled, " John Bushell;" which Bushell they alleged to be a leading Man in the Town, and that this Sum was given him for his Intereil.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel infilled, that several, who polled for the Petitioner, had no Right; and that the Sitting Member had an Interest and Correspondence in the said Borough, and had no occasion to make use of any indirect Practices: And called several Witnesses.

Mr. Patrick Bird, the Portreeve, said, that there had been a Meeting in the Town before the Election; and

that

22 Decem.

6 Ann. 22

481

Personj ordered into (ui'tody for Bribtry.

that several of them were resolved not to chute Mr. Pollexfen, but did intend, if the Sitting Member had not come down, to fend for another; and they talked of Mr. James Btuce:

That Thomas Lawrence, who voted for the Petitioner, lived in a House built on Ground, where formerly flood a Malt-house:

That Thomas Hunt ley*s House was a new-erected House, and himself a Certificate Man:

That Robert Canon's House was a split Burgage, and had been a Smith's Shop:

That Edward Disney, Tho. and Tho. Roby,

lenior's, Houses were new-erected; and Orchard was a Certificate Man r

That Tho. Roby, junior's, House was a split Burgage;

and that Robert Pi if old was no Inhabitant, nor Freeholder.

John Perry said, that the Sitting Member, if he had come down, had been chose at the last Election before this, when the Lord Bruce was chose; and that the Petitioner was not known, as he believed, till the Election in

*7°*-

Richard Bushellsaid, that the Sitting Member came down to them the last Summer; and he had heard, several had sent up to him, to invite him to (land; and a great many, when he came, went to meet him.

Being a feed, if he had not seen the namelcfs Gentleman in the Sitting Member's Company; he said, be believed, he might fee them together at his Brother 2?«/7/e//'s, where the Sitting Member lodged.

John Sindall said, he knew Dorrell to be an Agent for the Petitioner; and that the said Dorrell desired his Vote for the Petitioner; which he refilling, IVm. Dorrell offered him £. 5 for his Vote .* That, after the Election was over, the said Dorrell told him, it was still in his Power to do them a ICindnels, and, if he would, he should have the £.5. He understood the Kindness to be, that he should be a Witness against the Sitting Member.

Wm. Dorrell being called in, to confront Sindall, denied, he had any such Discourse with him; and alleged, it was not probable, he should, because Sindall had no Vote: But Sindall affirmed, he voted for the Petitioner at a former Election.

John Bartholomew said, he heard John Nutley tell some Persons in the Street, that he knew where to receive £. 5. Nut ley voted for the Sitting Member.

That, as to the above-mentioned Note, the Sitting Member's Counsel owned, that the Sitting Member did give it to Bushell; but alleged, the Sitting Member borrowed £. 30 of Bushell; and that the Remainder was due to Bushell for the Sitting Member's Lodging at his House.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tracey Patmcefort, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Nicholas Pollexfen, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Great Bedwin.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Tracy Patmcefort, Esquire, and his Agents, have been guilty of notorious Bribery and Corruption, in relation to the late Election for the said Borough of Great Bedwin.

Resolved, That John Bushell, Gentleman, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring Tracey Paunce-fort, Esquire, to be returned a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Great Bedwin.

Ordered, That the said Tracey Pauncefort, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That the said John Bushell, Gentleman, be, for his said Offence, takeD into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Great Bedwin, by rafing out the Name of Tracey Pauncefort, and inserting the Name of Nicholas Pollexfen instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bribery at the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other Eleai°ns. undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament; and that Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Powys, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Scobell, Sir Richard , Mr.

King, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Mr. Strode, Sir James Campbell, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Answ«r to Addresses having been presented to her Majesty, That Adresse* foe would be pleased to give Directions, that thelnftruc-tions and Orders, to Commodore Kerr, and the Repre-fentations of the Commissioners of Trade, relating to the Prohibition of importing Woollen Manufactures in to ^0-Jlria and Stiria, might be laid before this House; the said Representations have, pursuant thereunto, been laid before the House already, by her Majesty's Directions; and that her Majesty had been pleased also to direct, that the said Orders, and Instructions, should be also laid before the House, according to the said Address.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Ward anc! Mr. Baron Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that the Lords have agreed upon an Address, to be presented to her Majesty; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the said Address was twice read, with a Blank, and is as followeth; viz.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and obedient Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, having been always fully persuaded, that nothing could restore a just Balance of Power in Europe, but the reducing the whole Spanish Monarchy to the Obedience of the House of Austria, and having seen several great Parts of that Monarchy, by the Blessing of God upon the victorious Arms of your Majesty, and your Allies, already in the Possession of that House, do think it not only seasonable, but necessary, at this Juncture, humbly to offer this^ur unanimous Opinion to your Majesty, that no Peace can be honourable, or safe, for your Majesty, or your Allies, if Spain, the West Indies, or any Part of the Spanish Monarchy, be suffered to remain under the Power of the House of Bourbon.

When we consider, what Efforts this Kingdom has continued to make from the Beginning of the War, we cannot but think, a much greater Impression might have been made upon the Enemy before this Time, if feme of your Allies, who l'eem principally concerned, and have reaped the most immediate Advantage, had seconded your Majesty with like Vigour, whereby France might have been equally press'd on all Sides.

We are obliged to return our humble Thanks to your Majesty, for the Care you have taken, and the Instances you have used with his Imperial Majesty, for lending a considerable Force to the Relief of Spain, under the Command of Prince Eugene, as being certainly the most likely Method to restore the Affairs of the Confederacy in that Country.

But the frequent Disappointments we have observed on the Part of the Emperor, and Empire, to the great Prejudice of the commonCaule, makes us think it our Duty, in order that the War may be brought to a speedy and happy Conclusion, to beseech your Majesty to make

6 F the

Address on State of the War.

48* a 2® — 23 0 Decwbris. . 1707.

the most prefling Instances to the Emperor, that he would, with all Expedition, tend powerful Succours to his Brother the King of Spain, under the Conduct df that great and successful General; that he would timely and cfle&ually make good what has been concerted, for his putting Twenty thousand Men under the Command of the Duke of Savoy j and would also make use of his utmost Power and Interest, for strengthening the Army upon the Rhine, which is now happily put under the Command of that wife and valiant Prince, the Ele£torof Hanover.

We believe, no Part of this can be refused, upon your Majesty's earned Interposition, who have done such great Things for the House of Austria j and this being complied wiA, we may reasonable hope, by God's Assistance, the next will prove a happy and glorious Campaign.

Resolved, That the said Blank be filled up with the Words of and Commons."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Newport do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Address, with an Amendment.

And he went accordingly:

And being returnedj

Mr. Newport reported, that he had been at the Lords, and acquainted them, that this House hath agreed to the said Address.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 2 30 dieDeccmbris \

Anno 6° Anna? Regina?, 1707.

Praters.

| RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele<sting a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the room of the honourable Sir Cloudejly ShovelI, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Winchester have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the better Amendment of the Way, which leads from the JTop of CherillHaW, through Caine to Bridge, in the County of Wiltswas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

r

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of Transports attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of what Cloathing, Arms, and Provisions, have been shipt for Spain, for whom, what Regiments, Time of Shipping, and the Names of the Ships the same were sent in, from Midsummer, 1705, to December, 1707.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is as followeth}

Cloathing

Rochester

Writ.

Leave of Absence.

Che rill Hill Roads.

GrealBedwitt

Return

amended.

Cloathing,

&c. sent to , Spain.

J

O

o

o

0Q_

FT

9

t*

C*

Cloathing, Arms, &c. For whom, and what Regiments. Time shipt

For six Months Bread for 20,000 Men - - CJanuary, 1

Wheat - < February, >170

1 March, )

Cloathing

Arms

Cloathing -

TeDts, &c.

n

o Tents. &c.

ja /

rt

5*

era

{ Royal Regiment Fuziliers C Lord Mohun's £ Lord Dunganfon's

( Colonel Breton -

Foot Guards, first and second Battalion Colonel Elliot Major General Harvey Earl Fortmore -

\ Royal Regiment Dragoons -Earl of Donegal -

Lord Charlemont -

Lord Montjoy -

Colonel Hans Hamilton Brigadier Gorge - Earl of Peterboro -

(CSir Cha. Hotham - -

) Colonel Hill ..

Brigadier Vinar - Colonel Bloflet ..... Colonel Fonjulian -

Colonel Labarthe -

Colonel Siburge -Colonel de Nassau de Auverquejke - Lord Mark Karr - - , -

Colonel Soames - -

SPn. 1705 -

(D* - j

Jan. 1705

D° -D* -

Februar.

D° -March dp. 1706 D° -DB -D° -D* - -

D* - -

D° -July, 1706-May, 1706

May, 1706 -

In what Ships.

f Amiable Raby -Ann -Mary -Success Crisp, Gaily Mary Ann -John -Ann and Mary Mary and Margaret Crown and Scepter Betty, Gaily Willing Mind Phenix Maiy -Benj amine -^Brown Betty, Gaily D* -D° -

Reward

} Phenix

|d# -

Samuel Phenix -D°

Samuel

1

Sundry Ships

Their Mailers.

Richard Daniel Jo!in Evans -William Jefie John Robinson Tho. Hunt -Hedworth Hebdon Tho. Linthorne John Phippard Richard Sleich Tho. Wheales Tho. Parsons Nehem. Wotton -John Wonacott William Erie Samuel Coote Wm. Hooke Francis Rogers Nich. Wotton D° - -

D* -

Mark Ord -

William Erie

D° -

Sam. Brooks Wm. Erie -D* -Samuel Brooks

Time arrived.

> Arrived at Alicant in July, 1706.

-j

At Barcelona, Mtiy, 1706. No certain Account yet received.

" > Arrived at Barcelona in May, 1706.

No certain Account, when these arrived, which are yet abroad.

V

Arrived at UJbon in October, 1706.

Sundry Ships

00

6 Ann. 25° Decembris.

Cloathing, Arms, &c. For whom, and what Regiments. Time (hipt.

Bread For 20,000 Men thirty Days - Jan. 1706 -

Cloathing - - -< Arms, 200 Chests - 105 Chests - Brigadier Blood -Sir Cha. Hot ham -Royal Regiment Dragoons -Brigadier Killigrew -. King of Spain - Ditto - - - - -J Forces in general - - - - -Brigadier Elliott -Forces in general - - - De - Feb. 1706 -D* - - -Apr. 1707 -D° - , May, 1707 August, 1707 May, 1707

Cloathing - Forces in general - ‘ October November -

D* - - - - Brigadier Killigrew' - November -

Wc never had any Cognizance of what Money was sent to the King of Spain.

o

Tran (port Office, 2j , 1707.

In what Ships. Their Matters.

Saqguel and Ann - John Alkins

Swan, Frigott John Buckler

Ann, Gaily John Thomas

( Crown and Scepter Tho. Parsons

Ann and Rebecca Richard Lemmon

George - Geo. Fofter -

Eliz. and Jane Josiah Smith

Alin, Galley John Thomas

»Neptune - Christopher Marshall

C Thomas and Mary Thomas Eades

[ Samuel and Mary - Robert Corney

Resolution - John Hamond

j- Samuel - Wm. Inglefdew

f Eliz. Ann and Sarah Thomas Thorp

J Susanna and Mary Cheesman Percy -

l Providence - Wm. Berry -

( Mary and Elizab. - Samuel Coote

| D# - D* - -

Time arrived.

4*

oo

No certain Account, when these Ships arrived j but it is supposed, in Febr. 1706.

[ These were taken in their Passage f outward in Febr. 1706.

The first Account of these Ships,

after they went from England, was / at their Arrival at Gibraltar in Sept. 1707.

(These are at Portsipouth, outward t bound.

/ These are in the River, outward [ bound.

Sam. Atkinson, Nich, Roope. T/10. Colby,

230 Decembris. A. 1707

6 Ann. 33° Decembris. 485

Ordered, That the said Account dp lie upory the Tabie, to be perused by the Members- of the House.

Ton* A Petition of the Labourers within the Town of Navigation. Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was j>resented to the House, and read; setting forth, that for many Ages past the said Town has been supplied with Coals, Salt, and other Commodities, at very reasonable Rates, from a Place called Coal Harbour, on the River Tone, under a certain Toll, payable by Act of Parliament j which yet is a Burthen on the Petitioners, for that they were sup-. plied much cheaper, before any Toll was laid: That the Petitioners understand, the Cpnfervators of the River Tone (to whom the said Toll is payable) are endeavouring to procure an Act for a further Toll to be paid below Coal Harbour j which will be a Grievance upon the Petitioners, who mult then buy at the Will of the Conserva tors: And praying, that there may be it further Toll, than what is now payable by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill ordered to be brought in, forperfefting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

Woollen Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the Committee, »i»uifatiur«j. to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and several other Petitions, wt re referred, relating to the Prohibition of the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures into Jlria and Stiria, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Represen-tations of the Commissioners of Trade, and also by Copy of an Edict, or Grant, made by the Emperor of Germany, and proved by Mr. Bartholomew dated the 7th of April, 1707, reciting another Patent, dated the 13th of October, 1700, made to Dominico Koll, for a long Term, that the same did, in Effect, amount to a Prohibition of the English Woollen Manufactures within Austria and Stiria.

Mr. Gulicker likewise proved, that the said Koll is endeavouring to obtain the like Patent for Moravia, Bohemia, Hungaria, and Silesia.

Mr. Gulicker, Mr. Edw. JVootton, Mr. Nich. -Jons, Mr. Ben. Heath, Mr. Jacob Row, proved the Consumption and Sale of our Woollen Manufactures much lessencd since the said Patents, to the Value of £. 1,000 a Week in Exon, and proportionably in other Places.

r That it further appeared by the said Representatiopi

from the Commissioners of Trade, that the substantial Merchants of Austria and Stiria do look upon this Undertaking of Kolb as a Monopoly, destruftivp to the general Liberty, formerly given to all Merchants there, to trade in Englishi Woollen Goods.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that fire will be graciously pleased toufe her Endeavours with his Imperial Majesty, to restore to her Subjects the Liberty of Trade, they formerly enjoyed in Austria and Stiria, and to prevent, for the future, any Prohibitions from being made in any other Parts of his hereditary Countries.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Supply. Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the 1 ' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the llesolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were read, and are as follow; viz*

\ o l. la.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pound, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the extraordinary Subsidy of £. 100,000 gran ted ft o the Duke of Savoy for especial Service in, proftcuting the War against France in the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Qpmrphtee>

That a Sum, not exceeding £.22,957. is, be granted to her Majesty, to compleat the Sum of £. 42,957. 2/. being her Majesty's Proportion for the Troops of the Landgrave of He(fe Cajftl, employed in Italy, pursuant to the Treaty, for the Service of the Year 1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.12,284. ?i^. bp

granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of the Fortifications, and other Services, of the Qarifonof Gibraltar, in the Year 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, npt exceeding £.60,334. 19s. 6id. be granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of one Year and a Quarter Interest of the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Sum, not exceedingTen thousand Pounds, be allowed to the Office of Ordnance, towards making a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 3,500, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating the old Exchequer Bills for another Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceding £. 144,000, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 120,000, l?e granted to her Majesty, for the Land Service to be performed by the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of £. 2,120. 18 s.6 be granted to her Majesty, to satisfy the like Sum due to Captain James Roche, which vas not answered to him out of the Arrears of Rent of the forfeited and other Estates in granted to him by Act of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read 2, Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Heysham (according to Order) presented to the Cruiser* and House, a Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Convoy*. Kingdom; and the same Was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks, and Mr. Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Queen ap-House, that her Majesty has appointed tfqs Afterpppn, bunted, at Two a Clock, for both Houses to attend her Majesty with their Address, at St. James's; and that thph Lore*

ships will be there at that Time.

And then the M.elsengers withdrew:

The Bill for the better securing the Trade of this King- cruizer* and dom, was read the First time. " Convoys.

Resolved, That the Bid be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Francis Esquire, in Annesley'*

relation to his Purchase of Lands in Jr eland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates yi that Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tp Mr.

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Aiflaby, Sir Jeky/l, Mr. uey. Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Heysham, Mr. MoncriJJe, Sir Ja. Campbell, Sir Pat. Johnston, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Sharpe,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Herne, Lord Mr. Wi-

pington, Sir John Erskine, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Jc£bp, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Harley: And they 6 C are

Hamilton's

Estate.

Members take Oaths.

Answer to Addrefa.

leave ef Absence.

Whitchurch

Writ.

Ash barton Writ.

Tone

Navigation.

486 230 Decembris. — 7 A. 1707.

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of James -milton, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Mordaunt, Lord Po, Mr. Mr. An-

nejley, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert , Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Monlton, Mr. Gale, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Abercrombie,

Sir Peter Hackett, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Medlicote, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Moor, Sir

Fran. Majharn, Mr. Jessop, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. ben, Mr. Masters, Mr. Coatsworth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday, the Seventh Day of January next, Nine a Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii, j° die Januarii;

Anno 6° Anna Reginae, 1707. Praters.

SOME Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that both Houses did, the Z3d Day of December last, present their humble Address to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was thereupon pleased*to give this gracious Answer j viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am fully of your Opinion, that no Peace can be honourable or safe, for us, or our Allies, till the intire Monarchy of Spain be restored to the House of; and very well pleased to find, that the Measures I have concerted, for the Succour of the King of Spain, are so well approved by both Houses of Parliament.

I shall continue my most pressing Instances with the Emperor, for the hastening of farther Succours, and that they may be commanded by Prince Eugene, as also upon all the other Particulars, mentioned in your Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynell have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. George Rodney Brydges have Leave to go into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occassions.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Briggs have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Shrimpton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the clefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashbwrton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Gilbert Yard, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other capital Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Sand ford, near -diton, Morchard-bishop, Crews-morchard, and Fitz-pain, and other adjacent Parishes, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have, ever since the War, 20

been supplied with Lime, for improving their Land, from the Parishes of Holcomb Regis and in

Devon, by Persons, who have their Coals and Culm from a Place, called Coal Harbour, on the River Tons, in Somersetshire, where a Toll is payable, by Act of Parliament, to the Conservators of the said River, who are endeavouring to obtain another Act, for a further Toll: That, if a further Toll should be granted, the Persons, concerned in the Lime Trade, have declared, they will leave off the same; whereby the Petitioners, and all the North-eastern Parts of the County of Devon, will be deprived of the Means of improving their lands, and lay down the greatest Part of their Tillage: And praying, that no further or other Toll be laid below Coal Harbour, than is already granted by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Lime-burners, Farmers, and Workers in the Lime Trade, within the Parishes of Holcombe Regis and Burlifcombe, within the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and Places adjacent, have always been supplied with Coals, Culm, and Salt, from a Place called Coal Harbour, in Somersetshire, at reasonable Prices: That the Conservators of the River Tone (with other Gentlemen, who are not concerned, nor can be burthened thereby) are endeavouring to get a further Toll, than is already payable by Act of Parliament, which comes to about £. 60 per Annum, and where to the Petitioners are the greatest Contributors, the Culm, they use in burning of Lime in the said Two Parishes, amounting to above £. 1,800 per Annum, the Lime mostly used in improving the Lands near 20 Miles West of 'em, and employs daily several hundred Horses: That, if a further Toll should be granted, it will be very prejudicial to their Tillage, a great Fall to all their Estates, their Pastures generally being fed by Horses, employed in carrying Lime, and the Ruin of the Labourers, employed in the Lime Trade, which the Petitioners will not be able to carry on: And praying, that the Petitioners may not be made Contributors to the extravagant and unnecessary Charges of the said Conservators, and that no further Toll be granted below Coal Harbour, than is now payable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone be brought in.

A Petition of several of the Grand Jury at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Taunton, in and for the County of Somerset, on Tuefdathe 7th Day of 0Bober, in the Year of our Lord 1707, was prefonted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, being 12 of the said Grand Jury (the whole being but *7) upon the Requestof Christopher . , their Foreman, (who is one of the Conservators of the River Tone) together with some Justices of the Peace of the said County, did sign a Petition to this House, that a further Toll might be granted at a Place called Coal Harbour, more than is now payable by Act of Parliament to the Conservators; but the Petitioners having since informed themselves of the Nature and Design of the said Petition, do find the same (if granted) will be a great Charge on all the Towns lying at least 20 Miles South and South-weft of Coal Harbour, from whence they are all now supplied with Salt, Coals, and other Goods, at reasonable Rates: And praying, that there may be it further Toll payable below Coal Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon t he Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

A Petition of the chief Inhabitants of the Parish of WestmonSlon, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their Predecclfors have, for many Ages past, been supplied with Coals, Salt, &V. from a Place called Coal Harbour, on the River Tone, at reasonable Rates: That the Conservators of the Lid

' River

Tone

Navigation.

Ditty:

Ditto.

6 Ank. 70 — 8° Januarii. 487

River have petitioned the House for a further Toll below Coal Harbour, than is now payable by Act of Parliament; whereby the Petitioners are already very much. . being forced to pay a yearly Sum towards the need-less Expences of the said Conservators, there having been a free Trade to Coal Harbour, without any Toll, long before any Cut, or Work, made by John Esquire, whose Patent the Conservators purchased: That by reason of a new Lock, erecfted in the Petitioners Parish, several Cart Loads of their Sheep were drowned, and by cutting their Lands, and Trees, and diverting the Course of the River from their customary Mills, the Conservators do them incredible Damages, without any Satisfaction, tho' often demanded; so that the Petitioners Lands, lying near the said River, are fallen one Third in Value, and in a little Time will be to an Half, if this Grievance be not timely removed; and the Petitioners are so great Sufferers, that they offer to exchange with the Conlervators their Lands, so overflown, for other Lands of theirs, of the same Value, giving them Three Years Value in the Purchase: And praying, that the House will apply a proper Remedy for their Grievances, e(pedaliy, that no further Toll may be laid below Coal Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie on the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

Answer to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the

Address. House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be graciously pleased to use her Endeavours with his Imperial Majesty, to restoreto her Subjects the Liberty of Trade, they formerly enjoyed in Austria and Stiria, and to prevent, for the future, any Prohibitions from being made in any other Parts of his hereditary Countries; her Majesty had been pleased to answer, That (he had given Directions some time since to her Minister abroad upon that Matter, and her Majesty would continue her Endeavours for the Relief of her Subjects, as is desired by the said Address.

Watch«t Mr. Gwyn (according to Order) presented to the

Harbour. House, a Bill for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watcbet, in the county of ; and the same was

received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mayne's A Petition of Henry Mayne, Yeoman, was presented

Marriage to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Peti-Settlement. tioner, upon Marriage with his Wife Bridget, settled all his Estate in Brixworlh, in the county of ,

of about £ 50 per Annum, to the Use of himself for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail Male, Remainder to the right Heirs of the Petitioner for ever: That the Petitioner has only one Son by that Marriage, who was born an Ideot; yet, if he Qiould outlive his Father, will be Tenant in Tail to the Estate, so settled; and the Petitioner having a Daughter by a former Wife, he is utterly uncapable to provide for her, or raise Money for the necessary Occasions of his Family, while the said Settlement continues in force: That, in regard the Disposition of the Ideot, and his Estate, will be in the Crown, the Petitioner petitioned her Majesty, praying, that (he would give the Petitioner Leave to use his Endeavours to procure an Act of Parliament, to vacate the said Settlement, and appoint Part of the settled Estate for the Ideot's Maintenance; which was granted accordingly: Therefore the Petitioner prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vacating the said Settlement, and making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of the said Ideot, during his Life.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Tho. Parker and Mr. King do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Kerr's Mr. Pagett, by her Majesty's Commands (pursuant to Instructions. the Address for that Purpose) presented to the House, Copies of the Instructions, and Orders, given to Com-

Vol. 1(5.

modort Kerr, before he failed to the West Indies, and those sent to him after his Arrival there.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Orders, and Instructions, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom; and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

The laid Orders, and Instructions, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise, have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Able,1Ce cations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Security of declare the Alterations, and extend the Provisions, in Queen's ,the Act, of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, Person» fcc* intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line; and that Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Haddon, and Mr. Eyres, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Corjo, a Genoese Merchant, was Corfo's Loss presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that *>y Piracy.

A Petition of Walter Grubbe, Esquire, Lord of the Cherill HiU Manor of Cherill, in the County of and of the Roads.

Landholders there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill depending in the House, for the better Amendment of the Way, which leads from the Top of Cherill Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, will greatly damage the Petitioners, if it should pass; because the Way, leading from Marlboroughio Caine, close by the Village of Cherill, will thereby be established 'which is only a Way upon Sufferance) and the Petitioners liable to greater Repairs, than now they are, the ancient Road lying over the Downs, at least half a Mile distant from Cherill and very little in that Parish, but mostly in Calston Parish:

And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Med- Annesley't licote, Mr. Parker, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ellis, be added Estate. to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Fran. Annejley, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of

Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 8* die Januarii;

Anno 6° Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Mayor, Portrevfe, Burgesses, Tone and other capital Inhabitants, of the Corporation Navigation, arid Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, in the said County, are endeavouring to procure an Act of Parliament, for laying a further Toll on Coals, Salt, arid other Goods, than what is now payable: That the Toll now payable below Coal Harbour, if equally collected, would amount to £. So per Annum, tho' the Conservators have not been

at any Charge on the said River below Coal Harbour, the same being ever navigable thither, and a free Trade, and the Country well served with Coals, Salt, and other Goods, from thence, at reasonable Prices: And praying, that there may be it further Toll below Coal thereby to make them liable to the unnecessary Charge of the said Conservators.

Ordered,

Tone

Navigation*

8® Jamarii.

Ar 1707.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

A Petition of the doth-workers. Dyers, Lame-burners, and other capital Inhabitants, of the PariOi of Comb St. Nicholas, in the County of Somtrjet, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners use great Quantities of Salt, Coal, and Lime, and for Ages past have been well supplied from Coal,

near the River ToneThat certain Persons of Taunton, known by the Name of Conservators of the said River, are endeavouring to procure an Act of Parliament, for having a further Toil payable below- Coal Harbour, than is now payable by Act of Parliament; which if granted will be a great Burthen to the Petitioners, who, before the Conservators ever meddled with the said River, were supplied with Coals, &c. much cheaper, than now j and the present Toll is a great Hindrance to Trade, and Tillage: And praying, that the House will not grant

the said Conservators any othor Toll, so as to make the Petitioners Contributors to their needleli Expences, and the Relief of the Poor of Taunton.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

Mr. Brydges (by her Majesty's Command, pursuant Advance* oa

to the Address for that Purpose) presented to the House, "£5ounto* An Account of what Sums of Moneys have been Spain!*1 taken up in Italy, upon Account of Spain, from the Year

1705, shewing by whom and at what Rates; and also,

An Account, when the Moneys arrived, that were

sent to the King of Spain for the Service of the Year

1706.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the said Accounts are as follow -, viz.

N* I. Am ACCOUNT of what Sums of Moneys have been taken up in Italy, upon Account of Spain, from the Year 1705, inclusive, shewing by whom, and at what Rates; viz.

By whom taken up, and where.

By Francis Arundel, and' Rickard Bates, at Leghorn, in December, 1705

By Richard Hill, Esquire, at 1 Genoa, in December, January, and Febr. 170L -

By Thomas Langborne.

Genoa, in January, Feb. and June, 1706

By John Scudmore and Geo Hatjhaw, at Genoa, in June 1706 -

By the Right honourable the Earl of Peterborow, at Ge- r mu, in November, and December, r 1706 - - - J

me, at 1 March, I

-I

Species takon up, and Rates of Exchange.

20,000 Pieces of Eight at the rate of 59 id. each -

127,163 Pieces of Eight, at 60 Pence each ——

J

Thefebeing weighty Pieces of Eight, made the Dollar come out in Spain at gO\d. reckoning to the Pilloie.

ax,109 Pieces of Eight, at 58!^. to

9\d. ——

9,426 Pieces of Eight, and 5 Sols, at 6id. each - -

86,529 Pistoles, according to a particular State thereof hereto annexed

Costin Sterling.

& s. d. 4>9/o — 8

31,79° 15 —

5,182 13 a 2,395 16 —

87,686 19 —

132,026 4 7

Memorandum: Betides the aforesaid Sums, taken up in Italy upon Account of Spain, there has been Moneys taken up in Spain and Portugal upon the same Account, according to the Particulars following; viz.

By the Right honourable the E^rl of Peterborow, the 1 ath of October, 1705, for the Use of the King of| Spain -

By the late Ambassador Mr wen, at Lisbon, in December, 1705, for the Use of the Forces in Spain, at the rate of 6 s. the Mil Rea

By the Right honourable the EarlY of Peterborow, the 6th of Febr. 170 £, / for Horses, to mount a Regiment of > Dragoons in Spain, at £. 9 each! Horse - - - - J

By the Right honourable the Earl,) of Peterborow more in March, 170-$-, / for the Use of the Forces in Spain - By his Lordship more in Novea. )

1705, at Barcelona, for Freight, at

4 s. 6 i.per Dollar -)

By his Lordship more in

1706, for the Use of the Portuguese I

Troops in Spain, which was to have > been deducted out of the King of Portugal's Subsidy - - - y

£- * & 4,500 ——

12,000 —

4,608 —

2,198 ——

3>*56 1 6

4,148 4 —

By his Lordship more in Sept.

1706, for the Value of Horses, to mount another Regiment of Dra- V goons in Spain, at the rate of 4 6 d. I the Dollar - - - - -J

By his Lordship at Valencia, 12 \ July, 1706, for the Use of the Forces > in Spain, at 4 s.8 d. per Dollar - )

By the late Ambassador Methuen,' in Apr. 1706, for Value sent from Lisbon to Barcelona for the Use of the King of Spain, at 6 s. o \d per Mill Rea -

By the said Ambassador more in # Apr. 1706, for the like Use, at 6 1

the Miil Rea

By the Right honourable the Earn of Ga/huay in Jan. Febr. March, and Apr. 1 jof, for the Use of the \ Forces in Spain, at 4 9 d. the

Dollar -

£. s. d.

3.985 13 —

933 6 8

4,833 6 8

2,416 13 4

43,871 6 7!

£.86,6 go 11 9

J. Brydges.

A STATE

6 Ann. 8* Januarii. 489

A STATE of the Moneys taken up by the Earl bf P at Genoa in November and , 1706, as

the tame was adjusted by his Lordship, upon his Arrival in Spain.

The 86,529 Pistoles, taken up at Genoa, cost in London, in Sterl. Which, by his Lordship's Letters of Advice, were negotiated at 63 Pence the Piece of Eight; and, upon the Adjustment thereof, it appears that out of this Sum his Lordship paid Pistoles for the Use of the Portuguese Troops, upon Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Marquis das Minas and Erancifco Buges, for 136,284 Dollars, payable in the Treasury df Portugal, which is above Dollars and to the Pistole, to be deducted out of the King of Portugal's Subsidyj which makes, at 750 Reas each Dollar, and 6 s. to the Mill Rea, in Sterling £. s.d. 87,686 19 —

30,000 30,(63 18 —

56>5*9 And then the remaining Pistoles were put into the Hands of Mr. Mead, the Deputy Paymaster in Spain, and cost in Sterling - 57,023 1 —

13,000 Out of which he paid Pistoles to the King of Spain, agreed for in Sterl at 13,287

43.5*9 And then there remained Pistoles, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces in Spain, and cost in Sterling - - - -1 43,736 t — -

This 43,529 Pistoles were put into Mr. Meads Hands, and he charges himself therewith, at 184,116 Dollars, reckoning to the Pistole, at which rate the Dollars come out, at had. and -f each the Pistole, Vvhieh is worth in Genoa 19 Livres, going for 20 Livresj or Dollars in Spain. j

10,000 — —

N* iL Act ACCOUNT, when the Moneys arrived, that were sent to the King of Spain for the Service of the Year 1706; viz.

In February, 170^, Brigadier Ht-'j s'

millon arrived at Barcelona with the Moneys, taken up by Mr. Hill at Genoa, upon Account of Spain in > 21,050 — — Decern, preceding, having drawn Bills ' for the fame; out of which there was paid the King of Spain -

In April) 1706, Mr. John deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Spain, arrived at Denia with £.40,060 which had been remitted to Lisbon the 4th December preceding, upon Account of Spain, on board two of her Majesty's Ships of War; out of which there was paid his Catholick Majesty -....

In April and May, 1706, the Sum of £.62,617. 14 s.'jd. which had been sent from England in Jan. preceding, for the Service of Spain, arrived there with the Squadron under Sir Geo. Byng; out of which there was paid the King of Spain -

In January, 170-f, the Moneys, taken up by the Earl of Peterborow at Genoa in November and December I preceding, arrived in Spain; and there / was paid out of it to the King of Spain

In December, 1705, the Earl of)

Peterboro advanced his Catholick Ma- I jesty, and drew a Bill of Exchange for j the same - - - - -J

> 22,267

13,287 ——

4,500 ——

£. 71,104 1 3

Memorandum: The Moneys, paid at Lisbon for the Pay of some Forces, raised in Portugal for the King of Spain, and here in England for several Occasions of his Majesty's own Troops, are not included in the above Account, it containing only the Sums, that arrived in Spain for his Catholick Majesty.

Vo t. 15.

J, Brydges.

A Petition df John BdyntUn, Esquire, Lord of the Cherrill Hill Manor of Bromham, in the County of Wilts, an Infant, Roads, by Walter Grubb, Esquire, his Guardian, and of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Br Lacock, and Sandy Lane, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the ancient and great Road, leading from London to Bath and Bristol, lies through the Parishes of Bromham, Sandy Lane, and Lacock; and if the Bill depending in the House, for the better Amendment of the Way, which leads from the Top of Cherkill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the said County, should pass, it will greatly impoverish the Lands and Estates of many of the Petitioners, and prejudice the rest in their Trades: And praying, that they may be heard against the Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Commissioners for re-building and St. Paul's finishing the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's , Cathedral,

together with several Persons interested in the Houses, intended to be pulled down, for securing the said Cathedral from Accidents of Fire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Estates and Interests in the said Houses are so various and intricate, that it is found impracticable to adjust the same by the present Power given to the said Commissioners, which is only to treat touching the fame; whereby the Church continues exposed to Danger by Fire, and the Inhabitants and Proprietors are also Sufferers by the Delays in bringing Matters to a Conclusion i And praying, that the Value of the said Houses, and Recompences for the fame, may '

be ascertained by such Persons, and in such Manner, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual the Act in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls London; and that Mr.

Conyers, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Tredenand Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the better Amendment of the Way, which r. ... ,... leads from the Top of Cherrill Hill, through Caine, to

Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

6 B Resolved,

Importing Irish Yarn,

Tuckfield'f

Estate.

Members feke Oaths.

Tone

Navigation.

49D 8* — 1 2*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bla 1 //wait, Mr. Morrijon, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Brewer, Sir JJa.Campbell, Mr. Manley, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Strode, Mr. ben. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. B Lord B owlet, Mr.

Beyton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Seaton, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gale, Mr. Wroth , Mr. Vincent, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir

God/ry Copley, Mr. Coke, Mr. Cox, Mr. Scobellj and all, that lerve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and merfet: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petitions, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Wool-ftaplers, and other Tradesmen and Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures, in and near the Town and Borough of Teth in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that above 1500 Sacks of Worded Yarn, and also Woollen Yarn (which, if wrought up in England, would come to near nine Pounds per Pack, one with another) have been imported from Ireland between Michaelmas lad and the 4th of November, and being made out of rough Wool,

£. 20. per Cent, cheaper than ours, the Petitioners cannot tell half so much of those Sorts of Goods, as they formerly did, at any reasonable Rates; whereby they, and their Dependents, are much draitened, for want of Employment: And praying, that the House will apply some seasonable Remedy, to prevent the Mischiefs aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of Roger Tuckfield, of Raddon, in the Parish of Thorverton, in the County of Devon, Esquire,

was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, that Sir Wm. Davie, Baronet, (being one of the Petitioner's Trustees) during his Minority did purchase several Lands and Tenements with the Petitioner's Money, in his own Name, in rr'*nd for the Petitioner, but died luddenly, before he ha made a Conveyance thereof to the Petitioner, as he de'igned: That the Heirs of Sir Wm. Davie are Minors, and several of his Executors refuse to act; so that the Petitioner cannot have the Execution of the Trud reposed in the said Sir Wm. Davie, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ved in the Petitioner the Lands and Tenements, purchased by the said Sir Wm. Davie in Trud for the Petitioner, and with his Money, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bere, Mr. King, and Sir Walter Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 12° die *Januaru\

Anno 6* Annae Regime, 1707* Prayers.

SOME Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration* according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read -f

Januarii. 1707.

setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Toni, by Act of Parliament, have cotnpleated the Navigation on the said River from Taunton to Ham Mills, to the great Benefit of the adjacent Country, in lowering the Carriage of Tonnage Goods to half the Price of Land Carriage, and in preserving the Highways; yet, because the Navigation is not finished below Ham Mills to Bridgwater, Boats can come up but at feme Times, for want of Depth of Water; so that, by reason of the Uncertainty, Merchants fend their Goods by Land Carriage at some Times, to the great Prejudice of the Roads; and, if the Navigation aforesaid were compleat, it would be a further Benefit to the Country, and supply Bristol with Timber for Shipping, and otherwise: And praying the House to encourage the Conservators to finish the said Navigation, by granting such Increase of Toll, as shall be thought reasonable for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, appointed by Act of Parliament, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Taunton to Bridgwater, have been at great Expence in erecting Locks, and other Works, on the said River, from Taunton to Ham Mills, which hath proved a considerable Benefit toTrade, and Preservation of the Highways; and, if the Navigation from Ham Mills to Bridgwater was perfected, it will be a further Advantage, and answer the good Intent of the said Act, but will be a further great Charge to the said Conservators: And praying, that they may have all fitting Encouragement to compleat the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

A Petition of the Merchants within the City of Bristol was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, by Act of Parliament, have compleated the Navigation on the said River from Taunton to Ham Mills, to the Benefit of the adjacent Country, in reducing the Carriage of Tonnage Goods, bought at Bristol, and carried up by Water from Bridgwater to Taunton, to Half the Price of Land Carriage in the Summer, and much less in Winter, by reason the Highways are then hardly passable; yet, because Boats cannot come up at some Times, for want of Water below Knap Bridge, Merchants are much discouraged to fend their Goods by Water, and are forced to lend them by Land Carriage, to their great Loss, and Damage of the Ways; which Inconveniences would effectually be remedied, were the Navigation from Bridgwater to Ham Mills perfected: And praying the House to encourage the said Conservators to finish the said Navigation, by granting them a Toll at Knaps Bridge, or otherwise, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

A Petition of the Portreve, Recorder, Bailiffs, and Capital Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Lang-fort-eastover, in the County of Somerset, and of others the Inhabitants, and common Burgesses, within the said Town and Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that tho* the Conservators, nominated by an Act of Parliament, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, have perfected the Navigation from Taunton to Ham Mills, yet, without compleating the same from Ham Mills to Bridgwater, the Petitioners are not like to have that good Correspondence, by way of Trade, between the Eastern and Southerly Pa'rts to Taunton, and Westward, for heavy Goods, which being conveyed cheap by Water Carriage, will be an Advantage to all t4 Parts

Tom

Navigation.

Ditto,

Ditto.

Tone

Navigation.

Clark's Nat.

Ambuscade

Ship,

Public Revenues,&c.

Forces in Spain*

6 ANN;

i 2° Jamarik

491

Parts dealing the rein: And praying, that Encouragement may be given to the said Conlervators, for compleating the said Navigation to Bridgwater.

Ordered, That the said Pferitiotv do lie upon the Table* until the Bill for perfecting the Navigation of the River Tone, be brought in.

Mr. Clark (according to Order) pifcfented to the House, a Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Rickard Half ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Katharine Clark, Daughter of Sir Clark, Baronet, deceased, without any Amendments. And then the Mefftngers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the Ship Ambuscade, a French Privateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Commissioners of Prizes, and now in the Possession of Joseph Boys, Merchant, and others* Owners, a free Ship; and that Sir Robert Eden and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, tile Bill.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, An Abstract of the Accounts of the publick Revenues, Taxes, and Moneys borrowed, between Michaelmas 1706, and Michaelmas 1707.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, pursustrit to their Address to her Majesty,

An Account of the English and Dutch Forces in Spain at the Time of the Battle of; and also,

A Copy of a Council of War, held at Barcelona the Eighteenth of May, 1706.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

And the said Papers are as follow v viz,

N° I. An ACCOUNT of what Number of Forces in Dutch Pay have been employed in Spain and Portugal for the three last Years, and what Numbers were at the Battle of Almanza, and elsewhere; as also, an Account of what Numbers the several Regiments consisted, which were in English Pay at the time of the Battle of Almanza, according to the best Information that can be had.

Dutch Forces.

At the Battle of Almanza. In Catalonia, See.

Squadrons. Squadrons.

Drimbom's Horse - 2 Winterfelt Dragoons 4

Dragoons - - 2 —

— 4 Battalions.

Battalions.: St. Amand, Foot - 2

Belcastle, Foot - 1 Palmes - - 2

Keppel Fox - - 1 Falais - - 1

Ficoufe - - 1 Freshetm - - 1

Torce - - - - 1 Brouageat Gibraltar 1

Welderen - - - 1 — 7

Cavalier - - - 1 J

JLifte Mata'ts - - 1

— 7

The eight Dutch Squadrons* computed at 80 effective Men in each, amount to 640 Horse.

V o 1. 15.

The 14 Battalions, of which the strong- eft did not exceed 250 Men, the Dutch I Recruits not haring joined their Regi-1 3,000 Foot; ments at the Time of the Battle, may be I reckoned to amount to - J__________

In all - - - 3,640

Memorandum: All the Regiments above-mentioned went over either with the Duke of Schonberg, or Earl of Peterborow, and have been serving in Spain and Portugal in the three last Years, except four Regiments, which went with the Earl Rivers the latter End of the Year 1706} viz.Belcastle, Torce, Cavalier, and Marais.

English Forces.

At the Battle of Almanza.

Squadrons. Harvey's Horse - — 2

Carpenters Dragoons 1 Essex — — 1

Killigrew — — 1

Pearfe — — -2

Peterborow — — 2

French Dragoons — 1

— 8

10

In other Parts of Spain.

Squadrons. Royal Dragoons — 2

Battalions. Royal Fufileers - 1

Hot ham — 1

Sibourg — 1

Blojfet — 1

Elliot — I

Watkins — 1

6 Bat.;

Not reckoning Montandre, taken Prisoner before the Battle, and besides three Detachments of Marines at Girone, A lie ant, and Tortofa.

Foot.

1 Battal. *\ Numbers at the Battle.

1 The 10 Squadrons, at 1 0

80 Men each — \ 800

The 16 Battalions, at 7 0

300 Men each — j4> 00

Guards Portmore -Southwell -Stenart Hill - -Blood - -

Mountjoy -Alrwt - -Gorge - -Moadaunt -Wade - -Bowles Macartney -Breton Mark Kerr Najfatt

1 1 I

1 1 1 1 1 z I I

1

1

1

— 16 Bat.

Total - - 5,600

Besides which, each of these Regiments had 50 Men on Party, and at the Blockade of Monteza, not including the Sick in Hospitals.

The whole 12 Squadrons, above-mentioned, according to>the Establishment, would make 150 Men in each; but computed at 80 effective Men each, of which they

were reckoned to consist, amount to - 960 Dragoons

The whole 22 Battalions, above-") mentioned, according to the Establish- ment, would make 500 Men in each, I one with another; but computed only at 350 Men in each, of which they were reckoned to consist, amount to

7,700 Foot.

Total -

8,660 Men.

This is the most perfect Account I am able tocoileft by Information from die Officers, who have served ia Spain.

8 Jan. 170! H. St. John.

Copy of a Council of War, held in Barcelona, in the Presence of his Catholick Majesty, the i8thof May, 1706.

' Present,

The King, Lieutenant General Wynd-

ham,

Ambassador of Portugal, Prince Hen. Landgrave of

Hep,

Earl

492

12° Januariu A. 1707.

Earl of Peterborovo,

Prince Anth. of Lichjien-Jleyn,

Count NoyellMarshal de

Camp*

Count Ulfelt, Marshal de Camp,

Admiral Leake,

Admiral Wejenneer,

Paul Methuen, Esquire,

Envoy to Mitford Crow, Esquire,

Brigadier Stanhope,

Admiral Bing,

Admiral Jennings,

Don Francisco Zinzerling.

His Majesty having proposed, that, seeing God was pleased to bless his Arms with such Success, and it being necessary to pursue the Advantage, before the Enemy should have Time to gather fresh Forces, he had called together the Persons present in Council, to deliberate with them about the most important Operations, and the easiest Method of putting them in Execution; desiring all their Opinions in a Matter of so great Consequence, as likewise in the following Proposals:

«ft. Whether the Campaign shall be carried on in the Kingdom of Aragon, or Valencia ? tdly, Which and what Troops ought to be employed in the Campaign, and will be sufficient to leave in Catalonia for its Defence ? jdly, What Train of Artillery is proper, and how the Baggages should be regulated

4thly, How and what Places will be most proper for Magazines

5thly, What Operations may be pitch'd on with Hopes of Success

6thly, Where his Majesty shall be

7thly, Where the Army shall rendezvous

His Majesty concluding with Expressions of his Confidence in the known Valour and Application of all the Generals by whole Conduit he expected a most advantageous Progress to the common Cause.

Admiral Leak declared, that the Dispositions for the Operations of the Fleet were of a different Nature of those by Land, but he assured, in the Name of the rest, that they would comply with their Obligations and Services to his Majesty, to the utmost of their Power, in what belonged to the Sea Service; and having shewn his Majesty their Opinions in a Council of War, held on board, he referred himself to that, as his Sentiment, seeing no Reason to alter his Opinion.

His Majesty having heard the Discourse of every one, it was the unanimous Opinion of all, that, considering the present Circumstances of Affairs, it would be belt to carry on the Operation in the Kingdom of Valencia, where we should not only enjoy the Advantage of the Assistance of the Fleet, which would save great Expences and Troubles, which the Army would be liable to in a March to Arragon, but there being no other Body in Spain, that could embarrass the speedy Conquest of that Kingdom, but that small one of the Count De la Torres, routing this, the Kingdom of Valencia would be free, Murcia brought to submit, and the most convenient Way would be open, to proceed with the Army towards the Capital of Madrid, besides the Advantages gotten by inclining towards the Portuguese Army, being able to refill any Force the French can make, in order to hinder the intire Conquest of the Continent of Spain.

As to the 2d Point; it being of the highest Consequence to preserve this Principality from the Insult and lnvafions of the Enemy, leaving to this End a considerable Garison in Gerona, altho' it is thought the Enemy is not in a Condition to besiege any other Place this Summer, nor effect any thing against Barcelona, while the Fleet are in these Parts of the Mediterranean, it is thought fit to make the Dispose of the Troops, as followeth:

Forces to remain in (Catalonia.

In Barcelona.

Infantry.

Marines, Wills,

Britton's English - 500

The City Regiment,) his Majesty's - J '

,000

Of Clariane's Horse

lS°

In Gerona. English Fufileers Hamilton's English St. Amant, Dutch Don JoJ. Paguera, his Majesty's -The Deputation, his Majesty's

,650

500

500

600

400

400

Horse. D" Rajael his Majesty's -

2,400

400

Moragas, his Majesty's 300

In Lerida. Palmes, Dutch Horse, Subia's Regiment, his Majesty's -

3,100

700

150

500

For the Campaign, remains* Infantry. My Lord row fends by Sea to Valentia, lijhmen - -

In the said Kingdom there are, included, the Regiment of Ahumado's -The Neapolitans Cajlillon' ment Collar's Germans -

there

1,80b

f,ao6

la s - J

olitans of,) *'sRegi- >1,

009

509

Cavalry. The Guards of Zinzerdorfs -Monas' Regiment Killigrew and Cunningham's -

Total -

4.500

] 500 500

h

009

6,500

Totals for the Garisons of Catalonia.

Infantry - - 6,100

Cavalry - - 1,006

Total - 7,100

In Tortoja.

D" Anth. Paguera, his Majesty's -It was agreed to take into the Field the following-Train:

Fourteen Field Pieces, four Half Canon, two Mortars, with Powder, Shot, Bombs, and other'Necessaries, proportionable. And it being of Consequence to regulate the necessary Baggage, it was left to some Generals to regulate, and concert a Contrail at the most moderate Rate it can be performed for.

About the 4th Proposition, of the Magazines, and Provisions, my Lord Peterborow declared, he had in the Fleet Wheat enough for three Months, for 20,009 Men; and it was proposed to make another Contrail for Bread and Barley, that should be necessary for the Campaign; always providing Magazines in the most convenient Places. The Operation by Sea and Land ought to be accommodated to the Motions and Dispositions of the Enemy, endeavouring always to frustrate his Designs, that he may not have any favourable Opportunity of Advantage against us.

Where the Residence of his Majesty should be: — Altho' he declared his Mind, that he would be at the Head of his Army, it was thought more proper by his Council, that his Majesty should proceed to , that he may be on the Borders of Anagon and Valencia, to animate with his Presence the general Inclination of his Subjects of putting themselves under his Obedience, and to forward the Disposition of the Campaign, towards the speedy bringing the Army together; and, when so, and fit for Service, that they may be in the neighbouring Towns, that they may have immediate Notice, and that his Majesty may the more easily issue out those Orders^ that any Occasion may require.

Touching the last Proposal, where the Army ought to join; 'twas the common Opinion, that the most convenient Place for the Rendezvous, 'twould be nigh Valencia, for the fake of fending by Land, or Sea, with greater Conveyance, all Necessaries for the Camp, and for being the more at hand for the preventing any Attempt 01 the Enemy.

His

0

6 Ann, ii° Januarii.

493

His Majesty agreed to all the foregoing Discourses, and Opinions, and resolved, they should be put in Execution with the utmost Diligence; giving my Lord the Order and Care to distribute the Troops, as agreed, and to fend the Horse towards Valencia, leaving about 400 Horse for his Majesty's Guard.

Per William Salter.

A true Copy. By his Majesty's Order.

77/0. Hopkins. ~ Froncifco Adolfo Zinzerling.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sword-Uade A Petition of the Governor and Company for making Company's hollow Sword-blades in , was presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners purchased divers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament in England, and paid for the lame; nevertheless, an Estate, so purchased, which cost them £. 3,472. 4J. has been recovered from them by Judgment in-Law, and another Suit is commenced for Recovery of an Estate, which cost the Petitioners about £.zo, oooo, and divers others are threatened to be brought; and the Petitioners depending upon the Conveyance made by the Trustees, by virtue of the said Act, to be a good Title, they cannot make any other Defence (the ancient Deeds and Evidences being out of their Power) they are in danger of losing great Part of their laid Estates: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter of Fast of the said Petition; and that they do report the same specially to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Secretary Harley,

Sir Owen Bucks, Mr. Drake, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Yates,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Haddan, Mr. Aijlaby Sir John Mordant, Mr. Peyton, Sir John Hawles, Lord Powlet, Mr. Darcey, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Coatjworlh, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Fra.

Masham, Mr. Ducket, Mr. , Mr. Hut chitfon, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Sheppard, Sir John -flenholm, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Strickland, Mr.

Dormer, Sir 7 ‘ho.Willowby, Mr. England, Mr. Edw. Harley, and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Importing A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Irish Yam. of the Borough and Town of 7'aunton, in the County of Somerset, and also of the Serge-makers, Fullers, Dyers, Wool-combers, and others belonging to the Clothing Trade, living in and about the same Town, and in the Names of several Thousands besides, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that within these three Months last past there has been imported from Ireland into England several thousand Packs of worsted Yarn, under the Denomination of Bay Yarn, but is never used in Bays, but in all Parts of England is used for Stuffs, Shalloons, Devon/bire Serges, and Cantaloons, to the Danger of losing the Trade of England, the said Importation, at a modest Computation, amounting to 5,000 Packs working up of English Wool, which, in the L06 of Wages to Labourers, and the Woollen Manufactory of this Kingdom, is upwards the Value of £. 20,000. And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and othe Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of , and Parts adjacent, is referred.

Pri*e The House being informed, that some of the Com-Account. missioners of Prizes attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Address to her Majesty for that Purpose,

Vo l. 15.

The Prize Account, from the Beginning of this present War with France and Spain to the fourth Day of December, 1707; and also.

The Prize Account of Calli in the Hands of the late and present Receiver General, and on. what Prizes the same is due.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St London',

and the same was received.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the more effectual re-'cruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that lhe will be pleased to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of the effective Men of the Portuguese Troops yearly, since the Treaty with Portugal-, and also an Account, what Number of them were present at the Battle of Almanza, or at that Time in other Parts of Spain, or Portugal.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moil honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that lhe will be pleased to give Directions, that an Account may be laid before this House, of the Moneys remitted upon Account of Spain for the Year 1707, and when the same arrived there.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Dhurfday Seven-nighr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the improving the Fishing Trade of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Sick and Wounded, and for Exchange of Prisoners, do lay before this House, an Account of all Sea Officers, and Seamen, which have been taken Prisoners by France, and have been exchanged, and of the Method observed in exchanging Prisoners, and what Number of Prisoners are in France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ibe will be pleased to give Directions to the said Commissioners, to lay the said Account before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed.

6 I Resolved,

St. Paul'* Cathedral.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Ways a»d Means.

Portuguese

Troops.

Remittance* to Spain.

Prisoners taken by the French.

Cruizers and Con vo vs.

American

Trade.

494 i28 — 13*

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then' the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 130 die Januarit \

Anno 6s Ann* Reginte, 1707.

Prayers.

Ton* A PETITION of the Minister, Churchwardens, Navigation. ±\. Overseers of the Poor, and the other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Thurlbeare and St. Mary in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River 7one are endeavouring to get an Act of Parliament, to remove the Duties, payable above Coal , to a

Place called Knap Bridge; which will be a great Burthen , to the Petitioners, who use great Quantities of Salt, Coals, and Lime, for which they formerly paid no Duty, but if the same should be effected, they must be burthened with a considerable Duty: And praying, that the same may not be imposed upon them, and the Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River 7one navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Chief Inhabitants of Michael Creech and Ruifton, in the County of , was presented to

the House, and read j setting forth, that they are informed, the Conservators of the River Tone are petitioning the House, to have a further Toll payable below Coal Harbour, than is now payable by Act of Parliament: That the Petitioners were ever well served with Coals, Salt, and other Commodities from Coal Harbour, at reasonable Rates, to which Place the said River was ever navigable, and a great many Labourers of the said Parishes wholly employed in managing the said Trade; and if a further Toll should be laid below Coal Harbour, the Traders there will be forced to give over their Employments, and become chargeable to their Parishes: And praying, that no further Toll may be granted on the said River below Coal Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Traders at Coal Harbour, and Ham Mills, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that they, and their Forefathers, have always traded in Salt, and other Goods, and ever had a free Trade up the River Tone as far as Coal Harbour, before any Work made by John Mallet, Esquire, who undertook to make the said River navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton: That the Petitioners, and their Ancestors, have laid out in building Wharfs, Warehouse, and other Conveniences, for carrying on the said Trade, at least £. 1,300'; yet in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign certain Persons, known by the Name of Conservators of the River Tone (without any Opposition) procured an Act of Parliament, for laying certain Duties on Goods at Knap Bridge, below Coal Harbour, and Ham Mills; which Toll, if duly col-Jested, amounts to £. 60 per Annum, and is more than sufficient to reimbursethe Conservators their Charges of purchasing their Patent from the Heirs of Mr. Mallet, procuring the said Act, and repairing Knap Bridge, which the Petitioners offer to keep in Repair for 40 s. annum: That the Conservators have not been at any

Januariu . 1707.

Charge in digging or cutting the said River between Bridgwater and Coal Harbour, nor is there any Occasion so to do; and yet they are soliciting the House for a further Duty, payable below Coal , which, if

granted, will be the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and a Burthen to all the adjacent Inhabitants: And praying, that no further Toll may be granted below Coal Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Portreve, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Corporation and Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have ever traded at Coal Harbour on the River Tone, in Somersetshire, for great Quantities of Coal and Lime, without paying any Toll, before the Conservators of the said River got an Act of Parliament, for laying a Toll below Coal Harbour, at a Place called Knap Bridge, which amounts to about £. 60 per. Atmum, and occasions the Rife of Coals and Salt, and make the Petitioners Contributors to the needless Expences of the said Conservators, who yet are endeavouring to procure an Act of Parliament, for a further Toll on the said River, which will then be a further Burthen to the Petitioners, and their neighbouring Parishes: And praying, that no other Toll may be granted to the said Conservators, than what is already payable by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Traders in Salt, and other Inhabitants, in the Towns of Stockton, Whitby, Yarme, Gijlrrough, Slokejly, North-assertoThir/ke, Beedall,

and other Places, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Aftpiffed last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, as are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland; wherein it is provided, that any Person carrying Silt Coastwise after the first of May, 1707, (paying the Duties) shall have an Allowance of three Bushels for every 40 Bushels, for Wastage; but the Officers for collecting the Duties at Newcastle, Blythe, and other Places, where the Salt is made, and the Duty paid, refuse to make any such Allowance to the Importers of Silt from thence to the Ports or Towns of the Petitioners, upon Pretence, that they are not distinct Ports from, but are all Members of, the Port of Newwhich is not only a great Loss to the Trade in general, but a great Burthen to the whole North Riding, which is chiefly supplied by Salt imported from thence: And praying, that the Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, may be for the Ease of all her Majesty's Subjects, as well as those, which are in the principal Ports.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects, in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt carried Coastwise -, and that Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Darcy, Sir Wm. Huftler, Lord Powlet, Sir Wm. Drake, and Mr* Gale, do prepare, and bring in, the

Tone

Navigation.

St. raul'* Cathedral.

Suit carried Coast-wite.

/tendering Union more complete.

Convoys and Cruizers.

Bendering Union more complete.

Santos' Nat.

Freroan's

Estate.

Answer to Addresses.

Militia of Scotland.

Union with Scotland.

The House

attends

Church.

Members take Oaths.

6 An-n. i 3° — 14° — 15 495

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat; and the same was received.

A Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, was (according to Order) read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Marcos Dos Santos, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Ralph Freman, the younger, Esquire, and his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands in the County of Essex* comprized in his Marriage Settlement, he

having settled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Addresses of Yesterday, relating to the Troops, and Moneys remitted for the Service in Spain, and for an Account of the Prisoners in France, having been presented to her Majesty; Ihe had been pleased to give Directions to the respective Officers, that those Accounts should be prepared as far as possible, and presented to the House with all Speed.

Mr. King (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the same was received, and read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of those Parts of her Majesty's Speech, which relate to the Union of the two Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 Januarii \

Anno 6° Ann® Regin®, 1707.

subscribed, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Trimn.ll Doctor Trimnell for his excellent Sermon, preached be- thanked, fore this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, Yesterday, being the Day appointed by her Majesty's royal Proclamation for a solemn Fast and Humiliation; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir John the Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Onslow, and Sir Edward Irby, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Ton, of Umifter, in the County of Somerset, and Places ad- Navigation, jacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, nominated by Act of Parliament, in the 10th and nth Year, of the late King William, for making and keeping ihe River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, have been at vast Trouble aod"Expence in erecting Locks,

Half Locks, and doing other Works, on the said River, from Taunton to Ham Mills, which hath already

?roved a considerable Benefit for the promotion of 'rade, and preserving the Highways; and the Petitioners are well allured, that, if the said River was made compleatly navigable from Ham Mills to Bridgwater (which will be a further great Charge) the honest De-ligns proposed by the said Conservators, and mentioned in the said Act, would in some reasonable Time be obtained, to the little or no Prejudice of the Southern Parts, particularly of the Petitioners: And praying, for the common Good, that all due Encouragement may be given to the said Conservators, to enable them to per-fest the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second *'

time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Recruiting her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions,- Land Force*, that an Account be laid before this House, of what Numbers of Men are wanting for recruiting the Land Forces, and the Marines.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of divers of the poor and distressed Wives, Wive* ofira-and Mothers, of the Officers, and Seamen, her Ma- Phoned S.a« jesty's Subjects, now Prisoners of War in , was men‘

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners, and their Children, suffer very great Hardships, by reason of the present Captivity of the said Prisoners, where they are closely confined in stinking Gaols, and great Numbers of them die for want of common Necessaries, whilst the poor Petitioners, and their Families, are llarving at home, for want of their Husbands Pay, of which they are deprived from the very Day they were made Prisoners: And praying, that the House will take their deplorable Circumstances into Consideration, and grant them such speedy Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

rT'H E House being met, in order to go to St* A Margarets Church;

They adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 15* die j

Anno 6° Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took, and Vot. 15.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the House;

And the Question being put, that the House do now proceed upon the Call;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House be called over, after the Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat, and the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are read a Second time this Day.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Mr. Darcy, Sir William Scawen, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Call of th# House.

Arinefley's

£Aat#.

496 *5* — 16° Januarii. A1707.

Wallis, Mr. Cults, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. England, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Clayton, Sir Roger Hill, Sir 7ho. Parker, Mr. Ducket, Mr. King, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Francis Annefiey, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, is committed.

Rendering The Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms Union more more intire and compleat, was (according to Order) comp ete. reaj a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia of A Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Scotland. Britain called Scotland, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Call of the Then the House was called over; and the Names of

House. such as made Default to appear, were noted down;

and afterwards called over again; and several were excused, upon Account of Sickness, and other extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Names of the Defaulters (who were pot excused) be called over again upon this Day Fortnight.

herrill Hill Ordered, That Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Montgomery, *ltoad* Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Mr. Dor-

mer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mason, Mr. Monblun, Sir T/ro. ^ravell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Amendment of the Way, which leads from the Top of CkerrillHill, through to Studley

Bridge, in the County of is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 16° 'Januarii j

Anno 6® Anns lleginse, 1707.

Pe a y ers.

Freman's \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. jfJL for vesting in Ralph the younger, Esquire,

and his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands in the County of Essex, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Discovering Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Death of Per. the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons foils pretend- pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who to eaive. cjajm £states after their Death; and that Mr. Bofcaweu, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Dolben, and Sir Robert Davers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Proitwich Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 1>*H Springs, the better pretervir.g the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof; and that Mr. Cocks, Mr. fVylde, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

ilmitingtok DrdereJ, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk ®f the Crown, to aauk^ out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntington, in the loom of John Dryden, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the chief Inhabitants of the Parishes of North Curry and Gregory Stoke, in the County of set, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they find by the printed Votes of this House, that the Justices of Peace of the said County, and Grand Jury, with the Conservators of the River have

petitioned this House, to have a new Lock below Knap Bridge on the said River, paying a certain Duty to the Conservators for the Passage of Boats through the same: That the Petitioners conceive, the same will be an Op- ' pression to them, and contrary to the Laws, made for the Relief of the Poor, which direct, that the Poor of each Parish shall be relieved by Assessments on the Inhabitants in each particular Parish; and the Petitioners think it hard, that Taunton should be exempted from such Assessment, by laying a Burthen on the whole Country by a Duty on Goods, passing through a Lock five Miles distant from them in another Parish, to wit, North Curry, who rather ought to have the Benefit arising by such Duty, than the Town of Taunton: That the Petitioners are also possess'd of 400 Acres of Meadow, lying near the said River, worth £.600 per and also of two

Commons, lying on each Side the said River, which will be more liable to be overflown, as often as the Water shall be check'd at the said Lock; and, besides, the Inhabitants in the West and South Parts of Somerset/hirt will by this Project of the Conservators, for their own private Interest, have the Price of Coals and Salt advanced to an excessive Rate, beyond other Parts of the Nation 1 and this River has been always navigable as far as a Place called Coal Harbour, from whence the Country, and Town of Taunton, have been supplied as cheap, or cheaper, by Horse Carriage, than by Water Carriage; and a Lock having been erected by one Mr. Mallet below the said Knap Bridge, the same being found prejudicial to the Lands, and no ways advantageous to the Navigation, the same was quickly disused: And praying, that the House will not grant the said Conservators the Liberty of erecting a Lock below Knap Bridge, nor grant any other Duty, than what is already payable by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the ancient Boatmen trading on the River Tone, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have always been employed on the said River between Bridgwater and Coal Harbour, and never knew of any Toll, until Mr. Mallet's, Heirs demanded Six-pence per Boat; but the same being refused to be paid, they sued for the lame, but could not recover it; and the Conservators of the said River, having purchased s Interest, obtained an Act of Parliament, for laying a Duty at Knap Bridge, and now endeavour to get another Act, for laying a further Toll, and erecting another Lock, below Coal Harbour; which will be no way beneficial to the Navigation of the said River, but will overflow the Lands adjoining, and be prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all their Neighbours: And praying, that the House will not grant thelaid Conservators any other Toll, than is now payable on the said River.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Cretvkem, and South Petherton, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators, appointed by Act of Parliament, for making and keeping the River navigable from

Bridgwater to Taunton, have been at great Expences in 16 erecting

>y

Tort*

Navigation

Ditto.

Ditto

Gall of the House.

Army

Arrears*

Watch et Harbour.

Petition from a Person in Custody.

Tone

Navigation.

6 Ann,

i 6° Januarii.

497

erecting Locks, and doing other Works, on the said River, from Taunton to Ham Mills, which hath proved a considerable Benefit to Trade, and a Preservation of the Highways; and if the said River was made compleatly navigable from Ham Mills to Bridgwater (which will be a further great Charge) the honest Designs, proposed by the said Conlervators, would in some reasonable Time be obtained: And praying, that all due Encouragement may be given to the said. Conlervators to enable them to perfect the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to,

in the County of Somerset, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the House be called'over again upon Tkurjday Seven-night; and that such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of Captain Philip Villarnoul was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner served his late Majesty King as Major of

Brigade, for which there is due to him £.335. ,ox* as appears by several Warrants under his late Majesty and her pefent Majesty's Hands; and most of the Majors of Brigade, that served all that Time, have been paid: And praying, that his same may be taken into Consideration, and he relieved therein.

Ordered, That it -be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the three French Regiments of Foot, late of Major General Brigadier Bel-

cajl'e, and the right honourable the Lord Lifford, forme;ly Brigadier Ducambon, is referred, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same to the House.

A Bill for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchet, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Vill be committed to Mr. Palmer, Lord" Cuningsby, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Mr.

Fey ton, Mr. Chafe, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. fVoollaflon, Mr. Bennett, Mr. blath-waite, Mr. Clark, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ire ton, Mr. Bere, Mr. Harley, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edw; and all, that

serve for the Counties of Somerset, and Devon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Bujl/ell, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was offered to the House.

And the Question being put, that the Petition be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative,

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that certain Persons, known by the Name of Conlervators of the River Tone, in the said County, have petitioned this House, under Pretence of making the said River more compleatly navigable, by erecting a Lock below Knap Bridge: That the River has been always navigable as far as Coal Harbour, and there can be no Occasion for a

Lock below Knap Bridge, but the plain Design is to enrich the Conservators; and if such Lock should be ereCled, it would drown or 500 Acres of Meadow, worth £ 600 per Annum, belonging to the Church of Wells, lying in the Parishes of North Curry and Gregory Steak: And praying, that the House will not pass any Bill for erecting a Lock below Knap Bridge, which will be Damage to the Petitioners, and no Advantage to the said Navigation; and that they may be heard by Counsel therein.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this House, upon the Second reading of Vo fc. 15.

the said Bill; and that the Conservators of the River Tone be then also heard by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of William Thomffon, Esquire, was pre- ThompW* fented to the House, and read; fitting forth, that King Grant* Charles the 2d, by Letters Patents, dated the 27th of May, in the 14th Year of his Reign, did grant unto the Petitioner's Ancestors, and their Heirs, a certain Rent, and other Things, issuing out of the Manor of -

ton, in lieu of a Surrender, made to his Majesty by the Petitioner's Ancestors, of the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and Lands therewith held, of about the same Value, and have ever since been enjoyed by the Crown;

That the said Grant, by Reason of some Mistake, is void in Law; and the Petitioner, as Heir at Law to his Ancestors, is intitled to the Benefit intended by the said Grant; yet, by Reason of the said Mistake, his Estate became chargeable with a great Arrear of the said Rents, and her Majesty, being sensible of the Justice of the Petitioner's Cafe, upon his humble Application to her, was pleased by her Privy Seal to release the fame; but the said Mistake cannot be intirely rectified, but by Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making good to the Petitioner the Benefit intended his Ancestors, upon their granting to the Crown the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and Lands therewith held, which have been enjoyed accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Mr..Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Papers re- Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions, that freeing War Copies ofall Councils of War, Letters, and Papers (which in Spain* are in the Admiralty) relating to the War with Spain, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions, that the Account given by the Earl of Peterborough, of his Proceedings in Spain, and also the Memorial, given by Count Gallafh, and the Letters between the King of Spain

and the Earl of Peterborough in the Months of June and July, 1706, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of

of the Sick and Wounded, and Exchange of Prisoners, Prisoner*. attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose,

The humble Representations of the said Coramifijon-ers concerning the Exchange of Prisoners of War, taken at Sea; and also.

General Account of the Exchange of Sea Prisoners at War, from the Commencement of this present War.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Representation and Account were read.

And the said Representation and Account are as follow; viz.

The said Representation,

IN Obedience to her Majesty's Commands, signified by the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Harley, by his Letter of the 13th Instant, upon an Address from the honourable House of Commons, directing the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded to lay before that House an Account of all Sea Officers, and Seamen, which have been taken Prisoners by France, and of the Method observed in exchanging Prisoners, and what .6 K Numbers

Exchange < Prisonti^.

498

16° Janu.

if N umbers of Prisoners are in we, the said Commissioners, do humbly represent, as follows;

As to the Method of exchanging Prisoners of War, we humbly beg Leave to inform this honourable Houfo, that about December, 1702, we were impowered by her Majesty, to treat with the Count de who was

then Prisoner of War in England, and received Instructions from Monsieur Pont chartraine, Secretary of State in

France; and he came to an Agreement with us, to exchange Man for Man, and Officer for Officer, of equal Rank; and, where there were not Officers of equal Rank to exchange, it was agreed to accept of twenty Men for a Captain, and ten for a Lieutenant; and, pursuant to this Agreement, the Exchange has been carried on ever since.

The Account of Exchange of Prisoners, from the Commencement of this War to this present Time, is contained in a Sheet of Paper, which we herewith humbly lay before this honourable House; in which general Account the Number of EnglijkSea Officers, exchanged

to the 5th of December, is included, being as follows; viz.

Captains - - 14:

Lieutenants - - 19:

Marine Lieutenants 3.

Till the taking the three last Men of War, viz. Cumberland, Chester, and Ruby, we are well allured, there were but very few of our Seamen at St. Malo, and thereabouts; but Monsieur the Commis-

(ary there, in his last Letter to us, of the 26 Novem. last, acquaints us, that at that Time of his writing the re were above 1,200 Prisoners in those Parts; and by Lieutenant Collier, of the Severn Man of War, who lately came from Dunkirk, we have been informed, that they had above 200 at Abeville, and about 120 at Calais; in the whole, according to an Expression in the said Monsieur L'Empereur's Letter, we had then in several Parts of France near 2,000.

It is to be observed, that the French Commissaries do not think themselves obliged to fend us an Account of the Numbers of Seamen they take from time to time, tho' we have often desired it; and it is very rare they do; nor could we ever know, what Numbers they have of our Prisoners, but when they were pleased to mention it in their Letters, or by the Report of the Seamen exchanged; both which are very uncertain, and not to be relied upon; for we have always found the Numbers to be much less, than what was reported.

Since Monsieur L'Empereur's Letter, before-mentioned, we have received home from Calais 197 Seamen; and when we get home by the three Vessels, now sent over, the 1,039 (the Balance, which will be due to us, upon the Arrival of the said Vessels in France) we are humbly of opinion, we shall not have above 600 or 700 remaining the re.

All which is most humbly submitted to this honourable # House, this 16th Day of January, 170!.

R. Adams, Tho. Lawrencet P. Silvejre, Plumptre.

mi. A. 1707.

French. St. Malo.

1704, July 18. By Captain Chubb 200

August 17. By Captain Masters - 476

17. By Captain Chubb 3°o

17. By Captain Souter - 300

Oft. 14. By Captain Chubb 2 CO

14. By Captain Masters 150

Apr. 15. By Captain Lempriere 7

from Guernsey j 3°

May 31. By Ditto 3i

July By D# 55

Feb. 28. By Captain Masters 423

May 23. By D° 452

Sept. 27. By D# 421

D° By Captain Purchase 482

Nov. 23. By Captain Kingsford - 640

1706, Jan. 8. By Captain Malters - 350

Feb. 7. By Captain Dobree - 198

Apr. 27. By D° - - - 162

June 13. By D* - - - 204

Sept. 11. By Captain Masters - 501

Nov. 16. By Captain Adams - 304

Dec. 23. By Captain Masters - 451

1707, Jan. 20. By Captain Dobree - 70

Mar. 12. By Captain Masters - 254

Apr. 1. By Captain Dobree - 212

May 5. By Captain Adams - 170

June 19. By Captain Dob: ee - 45

July 24. By Captain Masters - 351

31. By Captain Dobree - 130

Sept. 12. By Captain Adams - 223

0(51 ober 16. By Captain Marlow 12 Calais.

Mar. 23. By Captain Gibson - 36

May 7. By D8 - - 250

June 15. By D* - - - 437

17. By Ditto - - 81

Dec. *21. By D° 355

Mar. 15. By D* - - 31

June 1. By Captain Masters -

July 18. By D8 - - 5°

Sept. 9, By Captain Godwyn - 110

oa. 7. By D8 - *5°

25.' By D* - - 5°

Apr. 15. By Captain Purchaso - 500

Aug; 3. By Captain Philpott - JOO

Dec. 12. By Captain Purchaso - 450

13. By Captain Philpott - 107

Mar. 27. By D8 - 50

Apr. 6. French Officers lent upon>

their Parole s

Aug. lo. By Captain Philpott 300

Sept. 18. ByD8 - - 190

Dec. 4. By Captain Purchaso - *JT

Feb. 15. By Captain Barber - 67

Apr. 10. By D* - 114

June 28. By D* - 190

15,450

The said Account of the Exchange of English and French Prisoners of War, from the Commencement of this present War to the Month of , 1707.

1703, May

June

July

Sept.

Dec.

Jan.

1704, Mar. June

French. 7th. Carried to St. Malo Captain Purchase 19. By Captain Chubb 23. By Captain Masters

3. By Captain Purchaso 11. By Captain Stephens 21. By Captain Chubb 23. By Captain Souter 6. By Captain Masters 28. By Captain Saunders 6. By D*

. By Captain Chubb

St. Malo.

b> } ioo - 210

- 358

- 1,000

- - 10

- 296

377

*54

465

- 450 top

French Prisoners delivered to Consuls, and

otherwise set ashore, in foreign Parts, as by several Certificates transmitted to the > *>479

.Office - )

Total of the French *7>9*9

English. St. Malo.

1703, June 12. Brought back by Captain 7 Purchase - - j ^47

July 24. - - 211

August 20. - - - 271

31. - 580

Nov. 15. - 236

Feb. 16. - 257

Mar. 5- - 39*

Mar.

6 Ann. English brought back

Mar. 4- - m -

1704, May 23* - -

August *3- m Jm

July 2. -

August 22. - - m

Sept. 26. -

18. - - m

18.

Nov. . 28. - -

3-

May 18. -

June - Om m mm

Aug. 12. -

1705, Apr. 3- -

June 12. m

oa. 29. w -

D* - - - m

170*, Febr. *3- - m -

D* - -

20. . *

May *5- -

July 18. to - mm

oa. 10. - -

1707, Jan. 12. - -

24. -

Apr. 3®- . - -

7- - -

14. -

May 29. - -

June 29* -

Aug. 1. -

Sept. 29. - m -

December 5, -

1703, Apr. 12.

June 3- - -

July 9- -

Aug. 2. -

Sept. 22. -

1704, Jan. 23- - -

Apr. ,5- -

June 21. -

Aug. 10. - m

oa. 10. -

31- -

December 27. m - -

1705, May 8. - - a

Aug. 16. -

Jan. *5- -

Jan. 10. a. - -

1706, Mar. 29. -

June 1. -

Sept. 9- -

oao. 20. - m -

1707* Janu* 4- -

Febr. 22. - m -

June 18.

July 6. - -

19. - -

i 6° Jamarii.

499

St.

English Prisoners delivered7 to Consuls, -

Total of the E -Total of the French

Balance due to France

Malo.

246

311

39*

119

i43

4*1

266

201

256

*3*

30

44

44

503

424

343

494

1*7

4°3 78 124 *58 4 *5 33^ 424

82

5°4

i°4

221

69

3°5

38

233

Calais.

36

302

462

24

*5

380

90

100

33

*7

39 61

342

129

416

197

12

*52

3*1

3C9

177

210

360

80

203

14,876

3>l35

18,011

17,929

Frencji.

1707, JVov. 17.

Sent toCa/awbyCap- 7 c tain Barber - -J 1 0

Delivered to Consuls 7 as by Certificates j

Total French sent over 673 Total English returned 288

82

Engljjb.

Balance due to

France - - J

1707, December 17. Brought back - 197

Set ashore on the 7 Coast of Norway J "

288

Exchange af Prisoner*.

385

160

»I4

280

i,°39

Balance due to England. -

Besides which, there have been this Fortnight under failing Orders, three Vessels; viz.

One from Ireland, which will carry over all the Prisoners from thence, being about

One from Plymouth, being all from thence, about ——

One from Dover, to carry all from thence, being about ——

Total due to England, and which we expect in-Return by the three Vessels, will be

Memorandum: The Certificates, by which we demand the Allowance of 493, came to our Hands since the 17th of November, when the last Vessels failed for France j likewise all the Prisoners, which go by the two Transports from Plymouth and ,were taken since that Time.

WCC ^4*4^7^ a*/f -& Adams, Lawrence,

' P'

Ordered, That the said Representation, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. St. John presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) An Account of what Numbers of Men are wanting for recruiting the Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1708.

And the Account was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Number of fyUn.

For recruiting the Seventeen Battalions now in the Low Countries

For recruiting Fourteen of the Bat-, talions broken at the Battle of Al-1 manza - - - - -)

For compleating the Six Battalions,! which were reduced into the others in

Spain before the Battle -j

For recruiting the Four Battalions 7 sent the last Year to Portugal - -J

2,000

1,200

600

For recruiting the Two Battalions at*} Gibraltar beyond the Numbers already L sent over - - - -1

For recruiting the Two Battalions in=i the West Indies beyond the Numbers/ already sent over - - - - f

For recruiting the Ten Battalions in J

300

300

1,500

Ireland

For railing the several Regiment in North Britain from their present Num- ( 2,00a

bers equal to those in South Britain -

82 For recruiting the Six Marine Regiments

The foregoing is a just State of the Account of Exchange, as it flood, when the last Transports came from France, the 5th of December last; since which there have been the following Additions j viz.

Total H. St.John.

13.957

4,100

18,057

i»5°°

*9.557

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are

500 16° Januarii. 1707

Mr. Bridges presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) An Account of the Moneys received for her Majesty's Forces in Spain and , and the King of , for the Year end-

ing the 23d of December, 1707; distinguishing, what was remitted abroad, and what was paid upon Bills drawn from abroad, and how much thereof was paid here in England, for the Service of her Majesty's Forces, and his Catholick Majesty; together with an Account, when the Moneys, lent to Spain for the Service of the said Year, arrived there, so far as the Accounts thereof are returned from thence.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

t. d.

RECEIVED at the Exchequer, out of the Sum of 445,350. 14J. 2d. for the Pay of a Body of 20,562 Men, Part of the Forces of Spain and Portugal, and for Contingences,

Forage, and Waggon-money, and for the Officers of the Garison of , and for General Officers, serving in the King of Portugals Army, for the Time aforesaid - - 445,306 2 2

Received out of the Sum of £. 186,296. 4 s.2 d.granted by Parliament for the Pay of 8,833 Men of additional Forces in Spain and Portugal, and for their contingent Expences, for the same Time ----- ----- --- 185,907 7 ii{

Received at the Exchequer, being the Sum granted by Parliament towards prosecuting the Successes of King Charles the 3d, for Recovery of the Monarchy of to the House of Aufiria, for the Year 1707 - ----- --- - 150,000 — —

781,213 10 1

Payments.

1706,) Paid upon a Bill of Exchange, dated this Day, payable at Li/bon, to be sent Dec. 17. )to Spain, for the Subsistence, and other Uses, of her Majesty's Forces there, from the 24th of this instant December - -- - 40,000 ——

Jan. 7. Paid upon a like ' Bill of Exchange, dated this Day, payable at Lisbon: The Value to be lent to Spain, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces there, from the said 24th of

December, 1706 - -- - - -- 26,500 ——

Febr. nth. Paid upon like Bills of Exchange, dated this Day, and payable at Lisbon:

The Value directed to be sent to Spain, for the aforesaid Use - - - 20,coo ——

14th. Paid upon Bills of Exchange, dated the nth Instant, payable in Lisbon, for

Me Use of the King of Spain - '- - - 115,000 ——

Mar. 4. Paid upon like Bills, dated this Day, and payable at Lisbon, as aforesaid, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces in Spain - - - - 30,000 ——

1707, 25th. Paid upon Bills of Exchange, dated this Day, payable at The

Value to be sent to Spain, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces there - - - - 35,000 ——

Apr. 8th. Paid more upon like Bills, dated this Day, and payable at LijbonThe Value to be sent to Spain, as aforesaid ----- ----- - - 30,852 — —

May 23. Paid more upon like Bills, dated this Day, and payable at for the Uses

of her Majesty's Forces in Portugal ----- --- 6,533 2 —

June 17. Paid more upon like Bills, dated this Day, and payable at Lisbon, for the Use

of her Majesty's Forces in Portugal - - - -- - 10,000 ——

July 17. Paid more upon like Bills, dated this Day, and payable in Lisbon, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces in Spain or Portugal - - 10,000 — —

July 31. Paid more upon like Bills, dated this Day, and payable in Lisbon, for the Use of

her Majesty's Forces in Spain and Portugal - - - 40,000 ——

Paid upon a small Bill, remitted to Lisbon for the Use of the said Forces - - - 505 5 3

Total remitted abroad 364,390 7 3

are to take into Consideration the more effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines.

Recruiting Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself the I-and into faKj Committee of the whole House. torces. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lopham reported from the Committee, that they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the more effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

' Receipts.

Payments upon Bills drawn from abroad.

Jan. 4th. Paid upon Mr'. Morrice his Bill of Exchange, drawn at Lisbon in 1706: Value taken up there for the Subsistence of the additional Forces under the Command of Earl Rivers, from the 24th December, 1706 -

11. Paid more on like, dated the 19th Novem. for Money taken up for the same Use 13. Paid more upon like Bills, dated 3d Jan. for same Use -15. Paid more on like Bills, dated 3d Jan. for same Use -21. Paid more on like Bill, dated 13 December, 1706, for same Use -

Febr. 14. Paid more on like Bill, dated 27 Jan. for the same Use

Paid upon several Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Deputy Paymaster attending the said additional Forces, for Money taken up by them for the Service of the same -

30.600 ——

"5,400 ——

18,800 — — 1,200 — —

3 200 ——

Soo ——

9,3-6 16 3

PJd

Monies rt ceived for Spanish Str* vice.

r

6 Ann. i 6* Januarii. 501

Paid upon Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Earl of Peterborough from Genoa, £. s. a. £. s. for Money taken up by his Lordship there in the Months of November and

December, 1706, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces in Spam - 87,686 19 —

Whereof deducted out of the King of Portugals Subsidy 32,367 9 —

And out of the £.250,000 for Spain -7>461 19

----- ----- ----- -- 39,829 8 6

----- ----- ----- 47>857 10 6

Paid upon Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Earl of Gallway, for Money taken up by him in Spain in the Months of Jan. Febr. March, and Apr. ljoj-, for the Use of her Majesty's Forces

there - - 43,871 6 7!

Paid upon sundry Bills drawn from Spain and Portugal, for Value paid there for the Use of her Majesty's Forces ----- - 13,290 5 3

Paid sundry Bills drawn from abroad. Value advanced for the Subsidies and Cloathing of such of her Majesty's Forces, as are Prisoners in France and Spain ----- 22,796 6 10

Total paid upon Bills drawn from abroad - -- - - - 197,642 5 10 i

Total remitted abroad - -- 364,390 7 3

Total remitted, or paid, upon Bills drawn - -- - - -- - 562,032 13 i{

Payments in England for the Use of her Majesty's Forces, and the King of Spain', viz.

Paid upon Account of the King of Spain, out of the Sum of £. 150,000, granted for him, for Arms delivered out of the Office of Ordnance, for Cloaths and Accoutrements for his Troops, and to Mr. Zinzirling, his Secretary, for the Use of his Catholick Majesty - -- -- -- 35,000 — —

This, with the £. 115,000 remitted to Lisbon, compleats the said Sum of £. 150,000.

Paid to the Lord Barrymor's Regiment here in England, for Subsistence, and for Subsistence to several of the Regiments on the Establishment of Spain, sent home to recruit, for the Subsistence of several Officers here at home of the other Regiments, railing Recruits, and upon other Occasions of their respective Regiments, for Levy-money, to raise Recruits, and Subsistence of Recruits raised, and upon Account of Off-reckonings and Clearings to the several Regiments borne upon the Establishments of Spain and Portugal, for the Year 1707 - -- -- 155,176 2 i|

Paid for contingent Services of the Forces in Spain and Portugal - - - - 4,684 17 io|

Paid the General Officers of the said Forces upon Account of their Pay - - - ( 3,199 12 8

Paid out of the Savings upon the Establishments of these Forces, to compleat her Majesty's Share of the additional Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hejfe 1 for the Augmentation of his

Troops in Italy, in the Service of her Majesty and the States General, and for Hospitals,

Waggons, and other extra'Charges relating thereto ----- --- 18,968 4 6

Paid for Exchequer Fees of the Sum of £.781,213. ior. 1 received for this Service, which is here charged, no Part of the Deduction of Poundage, which is the proper Fund, out of which it is to be borne, being included in the foregoing Payments - 3,255 1 i-j.

Total paid - - - 782,316 11 4i

Total received - - 781,213 10 ii

Exceeds in the Payments - £ Li°3 1 3i

Memorandum: The above Sum of £. 18,968. 4/. 6d. being lately made good by Parliament, is to be applied towards compleating the Demands of the Forces on this Establishment for Clearings, Off-reckonings,

Ah ACCOUNT of the Times, when the Moneys, sent to Spain, arrived there, so far as the Accounts thereof are yet returned from thence, for the Service of the Year 1707;

In December and Jan. 170J-: Mr. Morrice, the Deputy Paymaster at Lisbon, put onboard £. S. d.

the Fleet, for the Forces under Earl Rivers, which arrived in Spain the latter End of January, 60,000 — —

In Febr. 170-f: He put on board the Burford and Valewhich arrived in Spain the fame

Month - - 18,065 10 10

In March: He put on board the Royal Ann and Somerset, which arrived in the May following - -- - - -- 88,541 10 lo{

In April:He put on board the Revenge, which arrived at Barcelona in June following - - 34,957 18 3

In May: He put on board the York, which arrived in Spain in June following - 13,002 12 2

In June: He put on board the Sterling Castle, which arrived in Spain the feme Month - - 20,259 16 8

£. 242,827 8 9i

But the Times when the rest of the Moneys arrived, that was sent to Spain, does not yet appear, the Account thereof not being returned over from thence.

J. Brydges.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 15.

6 L

502

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Debtors

Petition.

Leave of A bi t nee.

Bath Roads.

Plymouth

Workhouse.

Tuckfield's

imitate.

Salt carried Coast-if«.

170 Jama.

A. 1707.

Sabbat i, 17* die'Januarii;

Anno 6® Annse Reginje, 1707.

Praters.

MR. Cox (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of cester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof; and the same was received.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, on behalf of themselves, and several others, close confined in her Majesty's Prisons of the FleetNewgate, and other Prisons, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Defeat of Trade, and great Losses, the Petitioners are rendered incapable of paying their Debts, or maintaining their Families, and are reduced to a starving Condition: and such (rather than perish) offer to serve in the Fleet and Army, and such, as have some small Effects, are desirous to pay £. 5 for an able-bodied Man, and yield up all other their Effects to their Creditors: And praying, that their fad same may be taken into Consideration, and the Petitioners relieved by a Bill or otherwise, as the House shall think fir.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the more effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces* and the Marines.

Ordered, That Sir William Daines have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc* cations.

Mr. Blalliwait reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between the Top of Ki Hill and the City of Bath, in the County of Som and also several other

Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City of Bath, and for regulating the Chairmen of the same City, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Tabl e; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on work there, and maintaining them, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bert (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for vesting in Roger Tuckfleld, Esquire, several Lands, purchased inTruft for him by Sir William Davie, Baronet, deceased; and the same was received.

Sir Wm. Strickland (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried coastwise; and the same was received.

Mr. Waif ole presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose,

Several Letters, and Results of Councils of War, re- Papers lating to the Siege and taking the City of Barcelona in respefbng the Year 1705. War.uSj.am.

And Copies of Letters from the King of the

Prince of Hefl'e, and the Earl of Peterborough, relating the reunto; and also several Letters relating to tire Relief of Barcelona in the Year 1706.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, of the Regulating City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Brokers, setting forth, that Time out of mind, for the Conveni-ency of Trade, sworn Brokers have been admitted in the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and in most foreign trading capital Cities; but there having been many notorious Abuses committed by Stock-jobbers, and pretended Brokers, to prevent the fame, an Act of Parliament passed in 1697, to ascertain the Number of Brokers for three Years; which was continued for seven Years longer, and expires at the End of this Session:

That the Petitioners think it necessary, that such Person should be employed, for the Conveniency of Trade:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a - Bill for continuing the said former Acts, and making the same more effectual in such Matters, as shall be found necessary.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine, Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report, Laws, what are fit to be revived, and continued;

And it is referred to Sir IV)m.Sir Gilbert

Heathcote, Sir Wm. Wythers, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr.

Cejar, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pov.ltency, Sir Cullen,

Mr. Dowdfivell, Mr . Pedley, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Lord Powlet, Mr. Monjon. Air. Sheppard,

Mr. Cockburn, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir T/10. Sir

Rich. Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Heyfliam, Sir Child,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Papillon, Sir Wm. Mr.

Montgomery, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Haddon,

Sir Peter Hackelt, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Packington,

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Bere,

Mr. Ashby; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they ape to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Importing and Merchants, and others, concerned in the Woollen Inlh\an». Manufactures of the Town of Barwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Decay of Trade in the Woollen Manufactures, the want of Work for the poor Labourers therein, and their small Wages, is in great Measure owing to the Importation of Irish Worsted, under the Denomination of woollen Yarn, whereby it pays but a very small Duty, and must at all Times undersell what is made in England: And praying, that some Way may be found out, to make English Worsted Yarn at a par with Irish.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Anneflev* the Bill for the Relief of Francis Esquire, in Eftau.

relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a 19 Second

Equivalent for Scotland.

State of War with Spain.

True

Ration.

Ambuscade

Ship*

Importing Irish Yarn.

Ditto.

6 Ann. 171 — i Januariu

Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put i hereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions, that a Copy of the Commission to the Commissioners for the Equivalent, to be allowed to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in relation to the Debts of , to-

gether with an Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners thereupon, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day was read, for taking into Confederation the State of the War with Spain.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their Address of Yesterday had been presented to her Majesty; and as to some of the Papers thereby defiled, they have, by her Majesty's Direction, been laid before the House already this Day; and that Ihe had bean pleased to give immediate Directions, for the rest to be prepared, to be laid also forthwith before the House.

Then the House proceeded in the Consideration of the State of the War with Spain.

And all the Letters, Relults, and Councils of War, Accounts, and Papers, which have been laid before the House, relating to the War with Spain-, were read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the War with Spain.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River 'Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Sumer Jet, be read a Second

time upon this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 190 dieJanuarii;

Anno 6® Annas Regina;, 1707.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Eden (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to make the Ship a

French Privateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship; and the same was received.

such great Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Yarn imported from Ireland to Minehead, , and other

Western Ports, that, if not speedily prevented, will greatly prejudice our Woollen Manufactures, and utterly ruin our Poor, lessen the Value of Wool here, and raise it in Ireland; for that, by a moderate Computation, so many Stones of both Sorts of Yarn have been imported from Ireland, as there was Wool, and would have cost/. 30,000 to have had the like Quantity combed and spun in England-, and, besides, now several Importers keep divers Looms at Work, without employing one Comber, or Spinner, which Work may be afforded £. zo per Cent, cheaper, than if wholly manufactured by -lish Labourers: And praying, that the House will find out some effectual Means to redress their Grievances, as tending to a national Good.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find the Exportation of Wool and Wool-fells is (till carried on in North Britain, and many of the Out-ports of South Britain thereunto adjoining, to the great Decay of our Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of Poor, and to the enabling Foreigners, not only to supply themselves with Woollen Goods, but also foreign Markets: And praying, that the House will make such effectual Laws, for preventing such Exportation of Wool, that thereby our Woollen Manufacture may not be loft.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Fact, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord Downe, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir John Packington, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Burrardf Mr. Clark, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Johnston, Mr. gomery, Sir Patrick Johnston, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. , Mr.

Blatbwaile, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Pole, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Morrijon, Mr. Gale, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Jejfop, Sir J. Campbell, Mr. Trotman, Mr.

Aijlaby, Mr. Orme-, and all, that serve for the Counties of York, Wills, Somerset, Gloucester, Lincoln, Dorset, Devon, Southampton, and Cornwall; and all, that serve for North Britain; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Serge-makers, Worsted-combers, and Spinsters, of the Borough and Parish of Wellington, and other Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that for some few Years past there has been great Quantities of Worsted brought <5ver from Ireland, paying Custom only as Bay Yarn; which threatens the Ruin of Multitudes of poor Families, whose Livelihood depends upon sorting, washing, combing, and spinning, of worsted Wool, and who cannot work it up so cheap, as the Irish may be afford ..: And praying, that some speedy Stop may be put to the Importation here of Worsted Yarn from Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Serge-makers, Wool-combers, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there has been of late Years

Vol. 15.

A Bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, was read the First time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of several Wiltshire and Glouctjlershire Clothiers, now in Town, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in manufacturing white Cloth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, not having the Liberty of exporting their white Cloths for nine or ten Months last past, did lately petition this House therein; but the Relief given being ineffectual, by reason some Persons were of Opinion, that the Exportation ..... white, without a Duty, would be prejudicial to the Nation; and the Petitioners having great Quantities lying on their Hands, much damnified by Moths, and their Stocks and Credits so extended, that they are not able to carry on their Trades; they pray, that such speedy Relief may be given, towards exporting the said white Cloths, either by laying a Duty thereon, or otherwise, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Export ins Wool.

Sale carried Coastwift.

Exporting

Cloth.

504 19° — 20°

A. 1707.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

' Exchange of Ordered, That the Commissioners for Sick and Wound-l'risoners. ed, and Exchange of Prisoners, do lay before this House the Letter, mentioned in their Representation, laid before this House, to be sent to them from Monsieur LyEm-pereur, CommilTary at dated the 26th of No*

vember last.

Droitwich A Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Salt Springs. Springs in Droitwich, in the County of and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. Paul's A Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in the Cathedral* first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. , was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr. Freeman, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Trot man. Sir Fra. Child, Sir fVm. , Sir

Tho. Davall, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Peyton, Mr. non, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. ton, Lord Bruce, Sir Tho. Burnet, Sir John Mr. Harley, Mr. King, Sir Lord

ningsby, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Foley, Sir John Avobrey, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Strode, Mr. Herne; and all, that serve for London, Middlesex, and WestminsterAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Way* The House (according to Order) resolved itself into aid Means, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-.ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mar its, 200 die 'Januarii \

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

Ambiifcade < A BILL to make the Ship Ambuscade, a French Pri-Ship. xV vateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ton* Ordered, That such of the Petitioners against the Bill Navigation. for more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as shall think fit, be heard by their

Counsel at the Bar of this House, upon the Second read- ing of the Bill.

importing A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of lnili Yam. vijlock, employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and of

divers others, inhabiting in and about the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,-that of late Years great Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Yarn have been imported from Ireland, to the Impoverishment of many thousand poor Inhabitants in the Western Parts, who used to be employed in manufacturing the said Yarn; That this Mischief daily increases, and threatens their utter Ruin: And praying the House to put a speedy Stop thereto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

Sir Richard Onslow (according to Order) presented to Thompfoa* the House, a Bill for making good to William Thompson,

Esquire, the Benefit intended to be granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the 2d, in lieu of the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things, by them surrendered to, and now enjoyed by, the Crown; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bofcawen (according to Order) presented to the Dlfcoverrng House, a Bill for the more effectual Discovery of the of

Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice t/nde^tTbe of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths; and the aijve. same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Freman (according to Order) presented to the Bribery at House, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Cor- Elections, ruption, and other undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, an Infant Milbunk's under the Age of twenty-one Years, and of John Mil- Estate. bank, Henry Lambton, and Francis Wilkinson, Esquires, his Guardians, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Sir Ralph, with the Advice and Consent of his said Guardians, is in Treaty for a suitable Marriage, but, by reason of his Minority, cannot make a Jointure upon his intended Wife: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, Sir R.alph Milbank, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman, as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Conyers and Mr. Jefop do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, several TVkfu>l<r* Lands, purchased in Trust for him by Sir Wm. Davie, Ettau. Baronet, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners E xchange for Sick and Wounded, and Exchange of Prisoners, at- of Eriibuei*. tended, they were called in, and, at the Btr, presented to the House, a Letter to them from Monsieur L'Em-pereur, the French Comruissary at St. Maloes.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Letter do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Letter is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Elinor Bagot, Wife of John Begot, Beverfing Esquire, and heretofore the Widow and Relict of BaSot's trick Levalin, Esquire, was presented to the House, and 0utliuv,.v-read; setting forth, that, toward the End of last Session of Parliament, her Majesty was pleased to recommend

the

6 Ann.

20° Jamarii.

505

the Petitioner's same to this House, but, for want of Time, nothing could be then done for her Relief: That her Majesty has again given the Petitioner Leave to lay her same before the House j which is as follows: That the said Patrick Levalin, being seised in Fee of an Estate of £. 1,000 per Annum., settled a Jointure on the Petitioner* and made suitable Provision for their Children, and died at London in 1683, leaving only one Daughter: After his Death, his Brother Peter entered on the Estate, and he, and his Brother set up

fraudulent Settlements, pretending, that Patrick was disinherited by his Father, and so he could not make a Settlement, tho', since the Petitioner's Marriage with Mr. Bagot, both Peter and by Deeds covenanted

to pay her a certain Annuity: That Peter soon after dying, Malcher enjoyed the said Estate, but for many Years has refused to pay the said Annuity, well knowing, the Petitioner cannot by Law recover the fame, by rea-lon her present Husband. is outlawed in , and so

is the Petitioner by Malche Procurement (tho'a Feme Covert) and the Estate of her Father, as well as that of her said Husband Bagot, has been long since fold for the Use of the Publick; which the Petitioner does not in any wise presume to impeach: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reversing the Petitioner's Outlawry, and for enabling her, notwithstanding the Outlawry of her said Husband , to lue for the said Annuity, not that any Estate, fold for the Use of the Publick, be any ways affected thereby.

Whereupon Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to give way to the Petitioner's Application to this House, for reversing her Outlawry for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Hanrr.er, and the Lord Coningsby, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Equivalent Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that their

forteoilaud. Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would please to give Directions, that a Copy of the Commission for the Equivalent, to be allowed to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in relation to the Debts of England, with an Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, might be laid before this House; her Majesty has been plealed to give Directions to the Commissioners, that the Copy of the said Commission, and Account, should be prepared, and laid before the House accordingly.

Committees. Ordered\ That all Committees be revived.

Irish An-ean. Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, Knight, and Dr. Camming, Physicians, Mr. Richard Thomas, Chaplain,

and Mr. Tho. Proby, Matter Surgeon, in behalf of themselves, and other Surgeons, Apothecaries, and Clerks, employed in the fixed and moving Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded, during the late War in Ireland, \vas referred, the Matter of Fact, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read^and is.as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the said Petition, and called before them several Witnesses, to prove the Allegations contained-therein;

It appeared to the Committee, by several Commissions produced, pursuant to an Establishmentby his late Majesty King William, in the Year 1689, for Hospitals, to attend the Army in Ireland, and by the Testimony of Sir Wm. Robinson, one of the late Commissioners,' appointed by their late Majesties to examine and Hate the Accounts, and Debts, due to the Army in that the Petitioners were employed, according to their several Stations, in the said Hospitals, till the Reduction of Ireland.

That the Petitioners did state their Accounts before S'wfVm. Robinson, ajui the other Commissioners, appointed

Vofc. 15.

by their late Majesties for that Purpose; and that the said Commissioners, upon stating the said Accounts, did make out Certificates under their Hands for the several Arrears due to the Petitioners; which Certificates were produced, and read to the Committee, and proved by the said Sir Wm. Robinson, who was present at the Committee, and owned his Hand to the said Certificates, and proved the Hand-writing of the other Commissioners to the fame.

That the several Sums of Money, for which Certificates were granted by the said Commissioners, under theijr Hands, to the several Petitioners, were as followeth; viz,.

Due to Sir Patrick Dm, one of the Phy--) ficians attending the said Hospitals - J To Dr. Camming, another of the Physicians To Tho. Proby, Mailer Surgeon To Dr. ViElar Ferguson -To John Purvis, Master Surgeon To Thomas Chetwind, Apothecary To Nathaniel Boyfe, Clerk -To Charles Chambers, Apothecary To John Ottey, Surgeon's Mate To Wm. Hamilton, Surgeon's Mate -

To William Budden, Surgeon's Mate To Peter Rofcoe, Surgeon's Mate To James Tindall, Apothecary - -

To John Young, Surgeon and Purveyor

c r. d.

436 16 8

394

208 10 —

68 12 it

178 10 —

142 8 —

121 3 —

76 14 —

43 4 —

47 8 —

48 15 —

48.18 — -

24 6 —

hi 7 4

Total -

1,950 12 11

That Mr. Luke King, Deputy Treasurer of the Hospitals, being examined before the Committee, did attest the Truth of the several Debts above-mentioned; who made out the said Certificates, and proved the Handwriting of all the Commissioners, who signed the fame.

That it appears by the Journals that the Petitioners did apply to this House in the Year 1705, and the Consideration of their Petition was referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Fenner was theu referred, who was Governor of the said Hospitals, and upon the same Establishment with the Petitioners; who, upon such his Application to this House in the said Year 1705, was relieved, and had a Bill to impower the late Paymaster General to make out Debentures unto the said Colonel Vmner for the Sum of £. 1,099, then due to him, as Governor of the said Hospitals.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition, and that there is justly due to them the Sum of £.1,950. 12 11 d. for their

said Service.

All which is submitted to this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making out Debentures to the Petitioners, for the Moneys to them due; and that Mr. Southwell, the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Francis Annesley, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that ^Kingdom, be read the Third time upon this Day Seven-night.

A Petition of the Countess of Oxford, and others, relating to Undfey Level in the Fens, was offered to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of- John Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir Purchase of John King, Baronet, Henry Sand ford, John XJJher, Richard £* forfeit*4 Warburton, and Anthony Atkinson, Esquires, in behalf of E all* themselves, and several other Protestants of Ireland, that purchased Lands from John Burk, commonly called

6 M Lord

Anne (ley Estate.

Lindsey'-ft

Level.

J

go 6 20° — 210 Januarii, A. 1707.

Lord Bophitt, and his Trustees, upon the Credit and Security of Two F.nglish Acts of Parliament, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition be read Tomorrow

Morning.

Ways ' Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the a*d Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Fund, not exceeding Forty thousand Pound per Annum, be charged upon, and made payable, during the Term of Ninety-nine Years, from Lady-day next, out of the overplus Moneys of the Funds, settled for Payment of Annuities for Ninety-nine Years, purchased in the Years 1706 and 1707, which overplus Moneys are reserved for the publick Nfe and Disposition by an Act, made in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, and also to be charged upon, and payable out of, the overplus Moneys of that particular Branch of Excise, which was granted to the Crown in the fourth Year of King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) for Payment of Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better making good the said Fund, not exceeding £. 40,000 per Annum, during the said whole Term of Ninety-nine Years, for which the same is to be settled, the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and the Stamp Duties, and the additional Duties of Tonnage and Poundage, commonly called the One-third Subsidy, mentioned in the said Act, of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, be severally granted to her Majesty for one Year more after the Expiration of the present Terms therein respectively; and that the Duties on Sweets, granted by the said Act, of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, be granted for two Years more after the Expiration of the present Term therein; and that the said particular Branch of Excise, which was granted in the said fourth Year of their late Majesties Reign, be granted for Fifteen Years after the present Term of and in the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Fund, not exceeding Forty thousand Pound per Annum, be applied to the Payment of Annuities for Ninety-nine Years, from Lady-day next, which any Person will voluntarily purchase, towards railing any Sum,- not exceeding Six hundred and Forty thousand Pound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That out of the said Purchase-money Provision be made of so much, as shall be necessary to be reserved, to make good the Payment of the said Annuities, so to be purchased, until and for Micha 1710; and that the residue of the said Purchase-money be applied towards her Majesty's said Supply, for carrying on the War.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions $ and that Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ire ton, and Mr. do prepare, and

., bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Maheux's, naturalizing Peter Des Maizeux, Francis Heilman, John &c‘ ^at' Rifleau, Peter Bonvott, and others; to which their Lord-ftiips desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven- State, of the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *s‘iv-v* House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

Ordered, That Commodore Kerr, Mr. Wood, and such Captains, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Saturday Sevenhight, with their Journals of their Voyages.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Recruiting the whole House, to take into further Consideration the the Land more effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and Forces* the Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. ‘Topham reported from the Committee, that they

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nip? a Clock.

Mercuril, 21" die Januarii;

Anno 6° Anna: Reginse, 1707.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frcman'* for vesting in Ralph Freman, the younger, Esquire, Mate, and his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands in the County of Essex, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas,

Sir John Awbrey, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Cefar, Mr.

Mr. Ward, Mr. Mattley, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Bruce, Mr.

Bote/er, Mr. Trotman, Mr Farrer, Mr. Pagit, Lord Bruce,

Mr. Onslow, Mr Lifter, SirEdw. Norris, Mr. Bai/y, Mr.

Lozvther, Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord P owlet, Sir Jof.

Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Do/ben, Lord Coning shy, Mr. Bf-caveen, Mr. Dibble, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Blathwait, Sir John Mordaunt, IVlr. Scobell, Sir Banks, Sir Robert Pollock, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ubnrton

Mr. Annesley, Mr. Milton-, and all, that serve for the

Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Bath Roadi. Highways between the Top of Kingsdoivn Hill and the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and also several other Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City ol Bath, and for regulating the Chairmen of the same City, was read the Third time; and some Amendments of Words miswritten were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that tire Tide be. An Act for repairing, amending, and enlarging', the Highways between the Top of Khgsdozs Hill and the City of Bath, and also several other Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, r6 " paving,

Chcrrill Hill Roads*

t) itto.

York

Register.

Purchase of Irish forfeited Estates.

6 Ann. 2ia Jamarii. 507

paving, and enlightening, th4 Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there.

Ordered, That Mr. Blathwait do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Farmers, Grafiers, Cheefmen, Drovers, and others, living near, and frequenting, the Road through Caine, in the County of Wilts, to the Cities of London, Bristol, and Bath, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the ancient and direct Poll Road through Qu Common, in the Parish of Caine, is become so ruinous, that *tis dangerous for all Passengers to travel, being about three Miles in length, so that they are forced to go two Miles about by the way of Sandy Lane, which also is so dirty in Winter, and the Sand so deep in Summer, that *tis very incommodious to Travellers: And praying, that some Provision may be made for repairing the said ancient Highway, leading through Quemerford Common, by a Toll, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Amendment of the Way, which leads from the Top of Cher rill Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other Tradesmen, Grafiers, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the ancient Pod Road from London to Bath and Bristol is so very bad, and out of Repair, leading through Quemerford Common, for about Three Miles together, that they are very dangerous to all Passengers, who are forced to go two Miles about by Sandy Lane, which Way is also very inconvenient to Travellers, by reason of the deep Dirt and Sand therein: And praying, that the said Road, leading through Common,

may be repaired by a Toll, or otherwise, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Amendment of the Way which leads from the Top of Cherrill Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, is committed.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Beverly, for the Fall Riding of the County of York, the 131 h Day of January, Anno Domini 1707, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Lands in the said Riding are generally Freehold, and may be, and are often, secretly con veyed^ from one to another, whereby many Persons, who by their Industry have been enabled to purchase such Lands, or lend Money thereon, have been defrauded, and undone; which Grievance might be remedied by establishing a Register of all Deeds and other Instruments, that may affect any Lands or Tenements within the said East Riding, as by Experience has been found in all foreign Countries, as well as those Parts of Great Britain, which have obtained a Register; whereby also great Advantages have arisen to Land Proprietors, and Trade: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for a Register of all Deeds, Conveyances, or other Incumbrances, that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Riding.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir William Strickland, Mr. , Mr. , and

Mr. Moyfier, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Lord Archbishop of Sir

John King, Baronet, Henry Sand ford, John Ri-

chard War bur 1 on, and Anthony Atkinson, Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and several other Protestants of Ireland, that purchased Lands from John Burke, commonly called L,ord Bophin, and his Trustees, upon the Credit and Security of Two Acts of Parliament,

Y ol. lb.

was (according to Order) read; setting forth, that the said John Lord Bophin, being attainted of high Treason, and his Estate forfeited, made Application to the Parliament of England, for reverlal of his Attainder, and in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign obtained an Act of Parliament, to restore him to his Blood, and Estate, upon Payment of £.25,000 for the publick Service, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the Act directs: That the Lord Bophin, and Trustees, did expose to Sale a sufficient Part of the said Estate, and by publick Sales to the Petitioners did raise £.10,384, which was paid into the Exchequer of Ireland', but were not able to raise the intire £.25,000 within the Time limited by the said Act; and thereupon the Lord Bophin the next Session of Parliament procured another Act, for further Time to raise the said £.25,000, with Interest after the rate of£.6 per Cent, at certain Payments, and to-be made in English Money; and, in case of Failure, the Estate was vested in the Queen: That, upon the Security of the said Two Acts, the Petitioners did purchase a considerable Parc of the Lord Bophins Estate, and did in due Time pay into the Exchequer in Ireland£.26,344. 2 6d. as Money is valued in Ireland; and the Lord Bophin, and his Trustees, did affine the Petitioners, that they would pay a considerable Sum, more than sufficient to answer any Mistake, that might happen in the Difference betwixt English and Irish Money: That the Petitioners thought the said Acts had been fully complied with, but are now informed, there is about £.681 short of what ought to be paid; and they being apprehensive, that their Titles might be drawn into question, by reason of the said Failure, are informed by Mr. Pratt, Deputy Receiver General of Ireland, that he had Directions from England to allure the Petitioners, that no Advantage should be taken, more than to enforce the Payment of what was really due: The Petitioners therefore pray, that, for avoiding Disputes, that may arise, by reason of the said Failure, they may have such Relief, for making their said Pilrchafes as valid, as if the said £.25,000 and Interest, had been intirely paid, they offering to pay what remains due.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to the Lord Sir Williarit

Ashburjl, Sir John Hawles, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sledlicolt, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Clay-

ton, Mr. Annesley, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. King, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Johnson, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Goring, Sir Hen.

Colt, Mr. Thyn, Sir John Sir Rich. How,

Mr. Jennens, Sir Fra. MafhamSir Hen. Mr.

Yates, Mr. Abercrombie, Lord Mr. Maijlers,

Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hadden, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Aylmer, Mr.

Mr. Poultney, Mr. Freman, Mr. Wyld, Mr.

Sir Robert Davers; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for PciLn>, Papers, and Records.

Or deed. That the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded, and Exchange of Prisoners, do lay before this House, a Trajiflation of the Letter to them from Monsieur L'Empereur, the French Commissary at St.

Maloes, which they have laid before this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual making, and better regulating, the Linen Manufacture; and that Sir Patrick Johtfon, Sir Tho. Burnet, Sir James Campbell, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Scott, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Afgill, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for obliging

John

Exchange of Prisoners.

Linen

Manufacture.

Debentures made out tQ Col.

Papers re-

spetting \Yu in Spain.

Recruiting lli#; Laud Eojces.

508 21" — 22° 'Januarii. A. 1707.

John Rice tt> account for Debentures, granted to him in

the last Sessions, it is enacted, that all the said Debentures, then remaining in his Hands (except what had been purchased before the first of March, 1706) and all other Effects in England or Ireland, into which he had converted any of the said Debentures, should be veiled in her Majesty, who was thereby impowered to issue a Commission of Inquiry for that Purpose, which now Hands reported to this House; by which it appears, that Rice with £.z,joo of the said Debentures purchased of the Petitioner Lands and Woods in Ireland, in the Names Of Thomas Mat/tews and John fVetten, who did not appear before the said Commissioners, tho' summoned: That Rice prosecutes the Petitioner in their Names for the fame, and hath given Notice of a Trial, hoping to get fbme Advantage, before the Report conies to be considered of, and in the mean time detains nearjf.9,000 more, being the Produce of the other Debentures, from her Majesty: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, until which the Petitioner is disabled to dispose of the said Debentures.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what. Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Twenty Pound, Seventeen Shillings, and Sixpence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next,

Mr. Secretary Harley presented to the House (pur-' suant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) Copies of several Instructions to the Earl of and several Letters from the Earl to the Secretaries of State, and from them to him, and of several Councils of War, and also of the Earl of s Account of

his Proceedings, and of several Answers of his Lordship's to several Heads of Letters from the Earl of Sunderland-, and also a Copy of the Memorial of Count Galash, and of several Letters between the King of Spain and the Earl of Peterborough, and of other Papers, relating to the War in Spain.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, until the House (Hall proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the War with

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Topham (according to Order) reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the more effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sufficient Number of Men, necessary for the effectual recruiting of her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, and for restoring the Regiments, that were broken at the Battle of Almanza (for which the Money hath already been granted by this House) be raised for the Service of the Year 1708, out of such Persons, as have no lawful Calling or Employment, or do not follow the fame, or have no visible Means of Maintenance and Livelihood.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " no visible Means of," and inserting, instead thereof, these Words, " not any Estate, real '* or personal, for their."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to tfty said Resolution, by adding at the End thereof " or say " lawful Means of Livelihood by their own Labour, or Allowance from their Parents."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a sufficient Number of Men, necessary for the more effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, and for restoring the Regiments, that were broken at the Battle of Almanza (lor which the Money hath already been granted by this House) be raised for the Service of the Year 1708, out of such Persons, as have no lawful Calling or Employment, or do not follow the fame, or have not any Estate, real or personal, for their Maintenance and Livelihood, or any lawful Means of Livelihood by their own Labour, or Allowance from their Parents.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that, Mr. Topham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. King, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Lord Coningsby,

Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Moor, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Montcriffe, Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the War with Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Blathwait, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Major Churchill, Mr. A/hley, Sir Wm. Sir

Tho. Colepeper, Mr. Bliss, Mr. Plum tree. Sir Walt.

Tonge, Mr. Duckett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others, of the City of London, is referred; and who are to examine, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report, what are fit to be revived, and continued.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Mr.

Mr. Nevill, Sir Tho. Masham, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Woollaflon, Mr. Alter dice, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Montcrife, Mr. Grant, Mr. Snell, be added to the

Committee,-to whom the Bill for the better Amendment of the W'ay, which leads from the Top of Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 220 di Januarii Anno 6* An me Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

S^RDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures of Leeds, in the County of , is referred, that

they do also enquire into the Methods of carrying Wool out of Ireland into foreign Parts: And that Sir Wm. St. Quintin and Mr. Ogle be added to the said Committee.

A Bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Thzt the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bofca-wen, Sir John Woolftenholme, Sir Robert , Mr.

Fort ([cue, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. S hacker ley,

Mr.

State of with Spain.

Expiring

Law»

Cherrill llill Roads.

Exporting

Wool.

Salt carried Coastwise.

Di (covering Death of Pti fons pre.Unded to he alive*

6 Ann. i T Januarii. 509

Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Francis Majharn Mr. , Mr.

Clayton, Mr. WoollafttmSir Tho. Mr.

Mr. NevilI, Mr. Farrer, Mr. S cobell, Mr. Mr.

Lowndej, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ire ton. Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Dolben, Sir Edm. Bacon, Mr.; and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Equivalent Mr. Dalrymple, from the Commissioners for the Equi-for Scotland, valent, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose,

Their Representation of the State of the Equivalent paid to Scotland; and also,

A Copy of the Commission.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Representation, and Copy, do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The said Representation and Copy are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Tone A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towrl avigauon. Columpton, in the County of Devon, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, in mersetshire, consticuted by Act of Parliament, have been at great Expence in making the said River navigable from Taunton to Ham Mills, which has been a considerable Benefit to Trade; and, if it were made navigable also from Him Mills to Bridgwater, it would be a further Advantage to the Publick, but will be a greater Charge to the Conservators: And praying, that the House will give them all fitting Encouragement, for compleating the said Navigation to Bridgwater.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Grocers, Dyers, and others, trading in Tonnage Goods in the Town of -- ton, in the County of Somerset, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators, appointed by Act of Parliament, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, having compleated the said Navigation as far as Ham Mills; which has reduced the Charge of Land Carriage to one Half, and Coals, as cheap, as before the water-borne Duty thereon; yet ' because the Navigation is not perfeded below Ham Mills to Bridgwater, Traders suffer much by their Goods lying long for want of a Depth of Water below Ham Mills, to bring up the loaded V^fiels to; the

which would be effectually remedied, were the Conservators but enabled to finish the said Navigation; and thereby the Highways will be preserved, which are almost rendered unpayable by reason of Land Carriage t And praying, that the Conservators may be encouraged to compleat the said Navigation, by granting them a . Toll at Knap Bridge} or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Second reading of the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Second reading of the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

Debentures A Petition of Captain Garret Fitz. Gerald, one of the made out to petitioning Captains with Captain Morgan Obrien, and Col. Rice. other Officers, against Colonel John Rice, the last Session of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, of the last Session, the said Rice was to account before Vo 1. 1 S.'

Commissioners for /. 11,420. 17 s.6 triade out to him in Debentures for Moneys, pretended to be paid by him to the Captains, and other Officers, of his Regiment:

That the Petitioner was one of those Captains; and there is due to him /. 450 for Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, laid out by the Petitioner, which never paid him: That the said Commissioners have reported to this House, that they have in their Hands, /. 1,700 in the said Debentures, and/. 30. 31. yd. in Money: And praying, that he may be paid the /. 450 due to him, out of the £. 1,700 Debentures, and /. 30. 3 yd. in the said Commissioners Hands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Musgrave, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Freman, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harley, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Chandler, Lord PowletMr. Dancey, Sir Wm. Robin/on, Sir IVm. Hvftler, Mr. Thomp/on, Mr.

Palmes, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Ashby,

Mr. Gale, Colonel Holmes, Sir Edward Mr. Jthn/on, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mor ley:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corrup- Bribery at tion, and other undue Practices, in clefting Members to Election*, serve-in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Joseph Jekill (according to Order) presented to security of the House, a Bill to declare the Alterations, and extend Queen's the Provisions of an Act, made in England in the 4th Person, &*, Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession to the Crown of England; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners Exchange of of the Sick and Wounded, and for Exchange of Prison- Pfi(‘>ner*> ers, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Translation of the Letter to them from Monsieur L'Empereur, the French Commissary at Saint Maloes.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Translation is as followeth; viz,

St. Malo, 26 November, 1 yoy.

Gentlemen,

I received by the Transport, commanded by Captain.

Marlow, the Letter you gave yourselves the Trouble to write to me, of the 4th of October, with a new Account of the Exchange inclosed; by which I am very well pleased to fee, that at last you agree to allow us all the Articles, that are in Dispute between us, except the 1,755 Prisoners, taken at Nevis; and, altho' you have no just Reason to dispute that with us, and we have a. great deal on our Side to infill upon it, yet, to shew you, how desirous I am to entertain a good and sincere Correspondence with you, I will agree, that it shall be struck out of the Account, since you will have it so: And, since you have nothing to fiiy for yourselves, but that they were Prisoners taken at Land, I mud at the same time demand, that they be accounted for in the Exchange at Land, without which, we mud set aside the whole Commerce and Exchange; for, since we are engaged in a Treaty, made in Form with the Inhabitants of that Island, it mud one way or other have its Effects I ‘lo are also,

6 N that

510 a 2° Januarii. 1707.

Exchange of that I will not leave it, till it be done: Therefore you Prisoners. may choose which of the Alternatives you please, either the Exchange at Sea, or at Land, and let me have a positive Answer thereupon: But, to tell you the Truth, it seems as convenient for you, as for us, to agree to what I propose: Moreover, 1 allure you, upon the Word of a Man of Honoui, I do not seek to make any Advantage, which the great JNI umber of Prisoners, and those since taken by Monsieur Fourbin and Du Guay, might give us over you, to do you any Injury or Injustice; therefore, if you would but use the same Sincerity, as I do, the Exchange would be carried on with all the good Correspondence, that ought to be between ho-nest People, who are Enemies no otherwise, than being of different Nations.

If the two Courts.could be disposed to agree to a general Exchange, such as we have with the it

would be a great Benefit to both Nations. I do not despair of bringing ours to it: It is your Part then, Gentlemen, to infuse the same Sentiments into the Court of England; and I am persuaded, it will not be disagreeable there.

As to the other Articles, which 1 found joined to your Account, either for the Prisoners tent back by Mr. Methwen, or by my Lord , or sent by the

Orange Transport; altho' I have a gieat deal of Reason to dispute it with you, nevertheless, I agree to allow them in the Account; but as it is not reasonable, that you should fend us back only the Angle Letters and Certificates, which don't determine precilely the Number, you mull not take it ill, if, in allowing them, I desire you to fend me back the Rolls, that the Truth may appear in the Maratime Provinces, where they were sent, as we do to you on the same Occasions. Besides, Gentlemen, you must have ill interpreted or explained the Terms of my Letter, if you understood, that I pretended, at your Desire, to remit the Prisoners, sent by Captain Henry Vernon: I only said, it was to do you Service; and that is quite different; but since you account for them, that Explanation is useless.

I every Day expert the Answer you promised me to my Letter of the 3d of ;but, to tell you ingenu-ously, it is not impossible, but that Letter being given to the Captain of the Transport, who did not part from hence till the 4th or 5th, my Lord 5 might

write the 6th of the same Month, in Answer to that Letter, to Mr. Ponchartraln, nor that his was sent, as you observe, to Mr. ChatSo it is certain, that Minister did not receive it; and he has writ himself a Letter to my Lord Sunder, here inclosed, which I must desire you to give him.

I don't understand, how Mr. Pearfe can say, that he is not paid the Freight of his Transports, or at least, that we give him nothing but Bills of Exchange at so long a Time, that the Discount thereof would ruin him; since there is not one Farthing due to Captain Masters, and all the Bills of Exchange, which Mr. nish'd him with, were at most but at ten Days Sight, and were punctually paid. As to Captain , it is true, there is still due to him about 2,000 Livres; but since Mr. Maget has given him his Bill, it is not our Business, but Mr. Maget'$ if the Treasurer does not regularly perform his Orders, to apply himself to me, to be indemnified for the retarding the Payment.

Moreover you know, as well as I, that the transporting of Money into strange Countries being forbid, I can make no other Payments, than by Bills of Exchange and it seems to me, that, instead of complaining, Mr.; Pearce ought to take it kindly, that he has his Money brought home to him.

As to Mr. James Pulleyn, whom you have given Leave

to come over, you must have forgot. Gentlemen, that in speaking formerly of the Sieur La to whom

I had given the same Leave, for an extraordinary Affair he had at Jersey, you took it so outrageously, as if he was sent to disturb the State; and, after having detained him above two Years, it was with a great deal of Diffi-ao

culty he was then released, notwithstanding the many pressing Solicitations I was obliged to ule on that Account. He may think himself very happy, that I am of an easy peaceable Temper; for, without that, he had run the Risque of suffering for the Injustice done to La Lande: But I cannot punish him for a Fault, he had no Hand in; and he can tell you, that I have not only not used him as a Criminal, but with all the Regard that can be.

I must thank you for what you have done on my Account to Captain Adams, for his Neglect: His Example will at least caution others, and we shall be much better served.

As we have now more than 1,200 Prisoners, it is not necessary to fend the Transport to Calais. 1 have given him only expecting, that you would have sent us back all ours, which are at Kinfale, and Dublin, and that I may-find, how you are disposed to regulate the Matters, as well as to the Prisoners at Nevis, as the detained at Dublin, and Jersey, and the Exchange of the Bishop of Quebec, and the Ecclesiasticks; for if there is no Hopes of agreeing, it is not convenient/ as you yourselves lay, to think to continue Exchange; and you can't take it ill, if I follow the Example you have given me, of fending me back but twelve. I would not do so, if I were not obliged to it; and I desire you to consider of it.

I desire also, in case you will not consent to the Exchange of the Bishop of Quebec, nor to that of the Ecclesiasticks, which are with him, to give Orders to the Officers (a List of whom I fend herewith) to come back, according to their Parole of Honour, by the first Transport, except Sir Hugh , to whom the King, upon Mr. Harley's Account, has shewn Favour.

I know, how uneasy it will be to them, and I am very sorry to make them such a Compliment. It is not my Fault: It is the Court of England, that must obtain their Liberty, by releasing the Bishop of or the

Ecclesiasticks with him.

There is just now fallen into our Hands an Exchange for that Bishop, by the taking of Mr. Robert,

Governor of Virginea; and, that he may endeavour it, the King has let him pass into England by this Transport. As he is Governor of a Province on the tame Continent, where Monsieur Quebec is Bishop, per- haps may make some Equality between these two Prisoners, and by Consequence little Difficulty in the Exchange; at least, I hopefo: And I desire you to consider what may be for your Interest on this Occasion, since you value the Liberty of one Man more, than thac of 2,000 unhappy Men, whom you expose to die in Mi-fery in our Prisons by your Refusal.

I will say no more of the cruel Usage of our Prisoners in the Prisons at Jamaica, tho' I receive fresh Complaints every Day, because I am.assured, that the Court of England has given Orders therein; but I must desire you to give such, as are necessary to obtain the Liberty of Mr. Makan, who has been detained there by Force a long Time, without which I cannot but make a Re-prifal. I desire also, as I have oftentimes done, that you will fend back Mr. Creanton, upon his Parole. You know how ingenuously I have dealt with all your Prisoners; and 1 really deserve, that you should have more Regard to me.

We have in the Prisons of Guernsey an Hostage of the Parish of St. Mary Du Monte, in Normandy, which a Privateer of that Island brought in, for Security of the Sum of 500 Livres, for which they ransomed some Fith-ermen; and, as the People of that Pavifh are in a very poor Condition, and not capable of paying his Ransom,

I desire you to give Orders to fend him us back: Besides, the Custom is not to take and ransom Fishermen. We always do the same by the like Hostages, when we . find them uncapable of paying; and I can aflfure you, that just now, by the King's Order, we have sent back two from Dunkirk, who were brought in there as a Scotch Prize, called the Marie Bertonne, in 1705, and ransomed for a hundred Pound Sterling.

I desire

Army

Arrears.

Exporting

Cloth.

Privilege — a Person in custody petitions for Discharge.

Relief of Sir P. Dun.

Mayne's

dilate.

Fishery Improve men t.

Rendering Union more complete.

6 Ank. 22° — 330j

I desire you to remember to fend us back srrd the other Prisoners, which are detained at and especialiy the Irish, which are under Arrest in

and Guernsey, without which I cannot but must make

Reprisals. I am, lAc.

L'Empereur.

Ordered \That the said Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houfd.

A Petition of Mark Anthony de , in behalf of

himself, and 59 other French reformed Officers, that fefved upon the English Establishment in Ger-

many, and Ireland, during the late War, and are now actually in her Majesty's Service, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Earl tselagh's Report it appearing, there was due to the Petitioners for their Services, from the ift of November, 1697 to the 47th of August, 1698, the Sum of 4,080, his late Majesty, the 31st of Jan. 1699, ordered the said Earl to pay them, deducing the reout £ 929, which they had received of Mr. Hill in Flanders; but his Lordship alleging, the publick Funds were deficient, the Petitioners have not yet received the remainder: And praying, that they may be paid what remains due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the three French Regiments of Foot, late of Major General Lamelonniers, Brigadier Belcastle, and the Right honourable the Lord Lifford, formerly Brigadier -

bon, is referred j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Exportation of white Woollen Cloth.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges do carry the said Message.

A Petition of John Bushell, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, lor Bribery, in endeavouring to get Tracy Paunce/ort, Esquire, to be elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County was

prel'ented to tiv; House, and read; setting forth, that he is lorry to have done any thing to incur the Difplea-sure of the House; and begs Pardon for his Offence; praying to be discharged out of Custody, that he may take care of his Family, who are but in mean Circumstances, and his longer Confinement will be their utter Ruin.

Ordered, That the said John Bushell be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Southwell (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for Relief of Sir Patrick , and others; and the same was received.

Sir Thomas Parker (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for vacating the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Henry Moyne, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Ideot) during his Life j and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the improving the Fishing Trade of Great Britain.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Mountaguetook the Chair of the Com-

_ ihittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 15.

fanuant. 511

Sir James Mountague reported from the Committee, that they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 23

Anno6* Ann* Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

ABI L L to make the Ship a French Pri-

vateer taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Pocklington, Sir IVytkers, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Aiflaby, Lord Costings Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Burnet, Mr. Ashley, Sir C/ia. Sir John

Mordaunt, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Gale, Lord Powlet, Mr. Grant, Sir Edward Irby, Mr. , Sir John Erfkyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bere-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for vacating the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Henry Mayne, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Ideot) during his Life, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Brydges, Sir Robert Corbet, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Sir Fra.

Masham, Mr. Grahme, Sir John Awbry, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sheppard, Lord Powlett, Mr. Baily, Sir Wa. Yonge, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Lord Windsor, Mr. Winington, Mr. Coats-worth, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. , Mr. Harley, Mr. Morley, Mr. Thornhagh; and all for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rope-makers of London, and other Parts of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that foreign Cordage and Yarn, imported, pays Custom 7 s.per Hundred Weight, but on Exportation draws back 6s. 8 per Hundred Weight: That all Cordage, made in Great Britain, pays, on Exportation, 6 d.per Hundred Weight, but with the Duty on Hemp included, it pays 2 xo per C. Weight more than foreign Cordage, which is 16 s.

8 d.per Ton loss to her Majesty in her Customs, besides six Pounds per Ton loss to the Nation in the manufacturing thereof, as well as an apparent Detriment to Navigation, in regard that one Ton of Hemp takes up the Stowage of two Tons of Cordage; so that in a great Degree that Trade is loft to this Nation, and Encouragement given to Foreigners to manufacture the same;

who

Militia of Scotland*

Ambuscade

Ship.

Mayne's

Eliate#

Droitwich Salt Springs

Exporting

Foreign

Cordage.

i a 2 30 Januarii. A. 1707.

who often make Cordage of damaged or inferior Hemp, by which, 'tis feared, many Ships have been loft in the Plantations, and elsewhere: And praying, that the Drawback upon all foreign Cordage exported may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir William , Sir Richard

Onslow, Sir Gilbert HeathcMr. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cox, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. , Mr. Topham, Mr. Sharp, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. , Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Freman, Mr. Aflhby, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Awbrey, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Wm. Sir Edw.

Turner, Sir Owen BuckinghMr. Conyers, Mr. -erley. Sir Walter Yonge, Lord Rowlett; and all, that serve

- for the Sea-ports, and all the Merchants of the House:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Recruiting Ordered, That Mr. St. John be added to the Gentle-the Land men, who are to prepare the Bill for better recruiting Force*. her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Person in John Bufljell was (according to Order) brought to the Custody Bar j where he was examined touching a Person, who nndUexa-P was at late Election for the Borough of Great Bed-mined. win, and went by the Name of Mr. Nameless.

And then he withdrew.

And also one Captain Hall was called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

Ordered, That Captain Hall, Edward Hall, and John Long, do attend this House upon Tomorrow Seven-night.

voife. Sir John Awbrey, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Darcey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Maitland, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections. '

Ordered, That Mr. Aijlaby, Sir Edward Lawrence, Purchase of Mr. Morley, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Ogle, Injh forfeited Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Mujgrave, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Robert Eden,

Colonel King, Sir Rushout Cullen, Sir Edwart Irby, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sharp, Mr. , Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Guibon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Lord Archbishop of Tuam, and others, is referred.

Refolded, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Rocraitng dress be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be the Lend pleased to issue her royal Proclamation, for the better Force*, putting in Execution an Act, made in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines; and, for the greater Encouragement of the Parish Officers to perform their Duty, enjoined by that Ad, that for every Person they thall bring before the Magistrate, who shall be impressed, they do receive the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and that every Volunteer, for his Encouragement to come into the Service, do receive Four Pound; and also, that her Majesty will be pleased to signify her royal Pleasure, that the said Volunteer shall have his Discharge after three Years Service, if he desires it; as likewise, that her Majesty will be graciously pleased to granc the same Allowances and Encouragements to such Persons, as shall voluntarily come into the Service out of that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Whitchurch A Petition of Charles Withers, Esquire, was presented Flettion. to the Hqufe, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for Whitchurch, in the County of , the Petitioner,

and Frederick Ti/ney, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected; and ought to have been re-urned; but Wm. Butler, Mayor of the said Borough, polled several Persons for Mr. who had no Right,

and refuted to poll for the Petitioner several, that had a Right; and the said Mayor, and Mr. Tilney, and his Agents, did use divers undue Practices; and the Mayor hath unjustly returned Mr. Tilney: And praying Relief in the Premites.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the tame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Wives, &c. Ordered, That the Petition of divers of the poor and of imprisontd liftrefled Wives, and Mothers, of the Officers, and Sea-Scamcn. men, her Majesty's Subjects, now Prisoners of War in France, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Security of A Bill to declare the Alterations, and extend the Quota'* . Provisions, of an Act, made in England in the fourth t'nrfon, &<. year of Jier Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown of England, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfllved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refo'.v; iticif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee Ordered, That Sir Jof. Jekill, Sir Orlando Bridgman, of i'nvik-cj. Mr. Topham, Mr Grant, Mr Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Sir James Mountague (according to Order) reported Rendering from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Union more Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms comPleU* more intire and compleat, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then the ift Amendment was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 2d Amendment being read a Second time, which was the Time the Privy Council of Scotland was to be dissolved; viz the first Day of M, 1708;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment

The House divided t

'The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } *7»-

Tellers for the Noes, ^PouSjf'I

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to alter any Rights or Privileges of the Officers of the City of Edinburgh, or any other royal Borough, of being Justices within their respective Bounds.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. after the Words " public Peace" to insert in fq.

" far as the same is not contrary to, or inconsistent with,

" the twentieth and one-and-twentieth Article of the

Union."

And

A

6 Ann.

234 — J4° Jantiarii.

And a Clause in the Act of Car. a°, 1661, and the 20th Article of Union, Were read.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

Jt passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

and Mean*. j,g ne£t, resolve itself in a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Militia of Rejohed, That this House will, upon Yuejday Morning Scotland. ne3it, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatic 24° die Januarit \

Anno 6* Anns Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

ThompW* a BILL for making good to Wm. Thomson, Esquire,

Grant, the intended to be granted to his An-

ceftors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the 2d, in lieu of the Site of the Castle of 'Scarborough, and other Things, by them surrendered to, and now enjoyed by, the Crown, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Woollaston, Sir isaac Rebow,

Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Rice, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. , Mr.

Stopham, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Lord Fowlet, Mr. PeytonSir John , Mr. King, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Monjon, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Manky, Mr. fbornhagh. Sir Fra. Sir Edw.

Mr. Owen, Mr. Lesser, Mr. Moyle, Sir John; and all, that serve for Y: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Exporting Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Wool, of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures of Leeds, in the County of York, was referred, do lit de die in diem.

Relief of A Bill for Relief of Sir Patrick Dun> and others, was Sir P. Dun. read the First time.

Resolved, ', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Plymouth An ingrafted Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Workhouse. Town and Borough of in the County of Devon,

and for setting the Poor on work there, and maintaining them, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Prc£ 11.1. 18. to leave out " called," and insert " used" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House > and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on work, and maintaining them there.

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto-

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. George Weld have Leave to go into Absence. the County for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions,

1

Sir Francis Mesham (according to Order) presented to Harwich the House, a Bill for enlarging the Term in an Act* Road*, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex*, and the same was received.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Garbling Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, was sPlCei* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, an Act passed (in the Infancy of Trade) for the garbling and cleansing of Spices within the City of London, for the Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects: That the said Law (contrary to the Intent thereof) is made the Instrument of a Farm and Revenue, and is become oppressive and vexatious to the Merchants and Traders of the said City:

And praying the House to take the Premises into Confident ion, and apply such Remedies, as shall be thought necessary for the Good of Trade, and rendering the Garbler's Office useful therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Ward, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Mr.

Freman, Mr. Manley, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Robert , Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Pedley , Ms. Dolben, Sir Cha. furner, Mr.

Bertie, Mr, Bacon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Moyle, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Poultney, Mr Owen, Mr. Raily, Mr. Nicholas,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Diston, Mr. Conyers* Lord Wm. Pmlett-, and all the Merchants of the House \ and all that serve for the Sea-ports, and Cinque-ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the West India Merchants of the City of Ditto. London, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act was made in the first Year of King James the First, for the garbling of Spices 5 by which Law the Importers of Ginger, Indico, and other Goods, are fobjefted to such Charges, Informations, and Forfeitures, as will, if put in Execution, wholly discourage the Trade in those Commodities: That the Trade to the West Indies is five hundred times more than at the Time of making the said Act; so that what might seem to be convenient then, is now altogether impracticable, and ruinous to Traders: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Ease and Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, is referred.

A Petition of Michael Burks, Esquire, Son, and Heir purchaseof apparent; of John Lord Bophin, in the Kingdom of - Irish forfeited land, on behalf of himself, and of his younger Brothers, Estate* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Petition, lately presented to the House by the Archbishop of Tuam, and others, contains divers untrue Allegation's, and tends to the Difinherifon of the Petitioner, and his nine Brothers and Sifters, against the Intent of several Acts of Parliament, made in their '

Favour, and for strengthening the Protestant Interest in Ireland: That the Petitioner's Father was only Tenant for Life of the Lands sold to the said Bishop, and the other Purchases, Remainder to the Petitioner, and his Brothers, in Tail Male; and so was decreed to them by the Trustees, appointed for Sale of the Irish Forfeitures;

That the Petitioner's Father being attainted of high Treason on Account of the late Rebellion in Ireland, applied to the Parliament of England for Relief; who, in Consideration of the many Services done by the Family of the Clanrickatds to the English Nation, and that the

.0 Lord

g'i'4 24° Januarii. A. 1707.

Answtr to Address.

Lord Bophin had given up the Petitioner, and his ad Son, to be educated in the Protestant Religion, did pass in Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanrickard, and the Lord , and did thereby

restore the Lord Bophin, to his Blood and Estate. he

Kying to the Use of the Publick £. 25,000, by Sale or ortgage, of the Estate, so restored: That the said Estate was sold at a very great under Rate, and in Trust for Papists, by the Contrivance of the Lord Bophin' % Manager, and the Trustees appointed to sell the same; and the said Manager and purchasing Trullee are now publickly fdliciting to get an Act of Parliament, for confirming the said Purchases, which, if obtained, will tend to the Ruin of the Petitioner, and his Brothers and Sifters, and the Evasion of the said Act } who conceive, that the Remainders, decreed to them by the said Trustees, were never deligned to be sold, for raising the said £.25.000, thereby to punish them who were guiltless, for their Fathers Crimes, the Lands restored only being liable to that Charge, and the Petitioners could not be restored to what they had before: That all the said Transactions were done, while the Petitioner Michael was a Minor, at Eaten College, and Oxford, and his Estate is so clogg'd with Incumbrances, that, unless the Petitioner, and his Brothers and Sifters, be relieved, by and Explanation of the said Act in their Favour, there will be little or nothing left for their Support: That Michael, being lately come of Age, went into Ireland, and his Father being convinced of several Mismanage-ments in relation to his Estate, he articled with the Petitioner, to convey all his Estate to him, in case it were recovered, reserving only to himself a competent Maintenance, with a Power to charge thereon Portions for younger Children: That the Petitioner has brought into England the Eldest of his younger Brothers, to be educated a Protestant, whom he cannot maintain, without the Relief of this House; and can expect no Support from his Father, he being taken away unknown to the Petitioner, and against his Consent: That the Lord Bophin's said Manager (who had the foie Prosecution of the Petitioners before the said Trustees for Irish Forfeitures) did enter a Claim for their Remainders to several Lands, and particularly for the Manor of Dunfandell, which was allowed } but, for private Ends of his own, left it out of the Decree, on purpote to defeat the Petitioners thereof, the said Remainders being all they have for their Support: And praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel before the Committee, to whom the said Petition of John Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, Baronet, and others, is referred; and that they may not be deprived of their Remainders decreed to them, as aforesaid; and that they may be relieved as to the Manor of Dunfandell, omitted out of the said Decree; and that the said Agreement between the Lord Bophin, and the Petitioners, may be confirmed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, Baronet, and others, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Mr. Secretary Idartey acquainted the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, relating to Recruits, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give an Answer in these Words:

I shall lose no time in giving Order for a Proclamation, pursuant to your Address, nothing being more essential for the publick Service, than the immediate providing of the necessary Recruits for the Army. 1 cannot but hope, you will take care it be done in such a Manner, as may be efflftual.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, that an Account of the publick Debts of Scotland, due upon the Civil and Military Lift there, together with an Account of the Money, given in the last Session of Parliament in Scotland to the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accomptants, of the two last Treaties of Union, as the same were delivered to the Commissioners for managing the Equivalent by the Lords of the Treasury in Scotland, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for explaining a Clause, relating to Contraband Goods, in an Act, of the 3d and 4th Year of her Majesty's Reign.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill} and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit Again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and better manning her Majesty's Fleet; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, appointed by her Majesty to examine, how, to whom, and for what. Colonel John Rice disposed £. 11,420. 17 s. 6 d. in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of the State of the War with Spain.

And several of the Papers, presented to the House the aift Instant, were read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the War with Spain.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Hammer, Major General Tre-lavoney, Mr. Elliott, Sir IVm. Scawen, Mr. Hampden, Sir Tho. Webster, Mr. Borlace, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Morley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectoal Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Equivalent. Ordered, That the Representation of the Commissioners for Scotland, for the Equivalent, and Copy of their Commission, be read upon Thursday Morning next,

America*

Trade*

Ditto.

Manning the Fleet.

Debentures made out to Col. Rice.

State oE War with Spain.

Discovering Death of Persons pretended to b« alive.

N

Harwich

Roads.

Unrated

Goods*

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Cheiill Hill Roads.

Garbling

Spices.

6 Ann.

Januarii.

5,15

Luna,26* die Januarii;

Anno 6"v Annas Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

ABIL L for enlarging the Term in an Act, made in the 7th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Doctor Davenant attended, from the Commissioners of the Customs, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account, shewing the sworn Values of the unrated Goods, of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture, of this Kingdom, which have been exported between the 25th Day of December, 1701, and the 25th Day of December, 1704, with the Subsidy Duties thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Robert Stayner, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Corporation of Droitwich had for many Years monopolized the making of Salt there, and fold it at 1 to d. per JBulhel; and the Petitioner being advised, the said Monopoly was against Law, did, by l'everal expensive Suits in Law and Equity, which colt him above £.5,000, ascertain his Right of making Salt in his Freehold Lands there; which he hath quietly done for several Years since, and thereby reduced the Price of Salt from 1 s, 10 d.to 5 4 the Bushel; which is for the Eale of the Subject, and great Increase of the Duty thereon, being now Twenty times as much made on Freehold Lands, as while the said Monopoly continued: But the Petitioner seeing by the Votes of this House, a Bill is now depending, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, he conceives, the same is with intent to have some new Brine Pits con-.firmed by Act of Parliament, thereby to encompass, and ruin, the Petitioner's Salt Springs aforesaid: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel against the said

Bin.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if he think fit.

Mr. Ducket reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Amendment.of the Way, which leads from the Top of CherillHill, through to

Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, was committed; that they had made feverat Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants in , trading

in Spices, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Reign of King James the First all manner of Spices were imported into England directly in their Soil and Dull;, and for that Reason an Act of Parliament did then pals, for garbling and cleansing all Spices; but since that Act all the Spice Islands are fallen into the Hands of the Dutch, and no Spices are now im-Vol. 15.

ported here (except Pepper) but what comes from Holland ready garbled, and, if garbled here again, 'cwould greatly damnify them: That the Duty, demanded by the Garbler on all Spices, is very high, tho' he does nothing to 'em, and consequently very oppressive, and an unnecessary Burthen on Trade: And praying such Relief in the Premifts, as the House shall tnink fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, is referred.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manning the for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and Fleet, better manning her Majesty's Fleet, was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, C°‘'‘

Tellers for the Noes, { £

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevemnight, in a full House.

}«3*

jioy,

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for rendering the Rendering Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat, Union mor* be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning. complete.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Corjo, a Corfu's Loss

Merchant (which lies upon the Table) be taken into b7 Piracy. Consideration upon Tomorrow Seven-night.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Ways

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Mean* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett, Sir James Campbell, Mr. purchase of Edgcomb, Mr. Buller, Mr. Porter, Lord Bulkley, Sir Irish forfeited Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Wroth, Mr. kftates.

Peyton, Sir John Holland, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Offiey, Mr.

Buiteel, Sir Owen Bucks, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Pole, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John,

Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, Baronet, and others, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Wallis, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Mor- Ambuscade ley, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Lamplugh, Sb, P*

Mr. Bacon, Mr.* Sharp, Mr. Laugharne, be added tb the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Ship Ambuscade, a French Privateer, and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. ‘Tredenham, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Su Pant's Manley, Mr. Buller, Mr. Morley, Mr. Bqfcawen, be ad- Cathedral, ded to the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

51£ 2 7* Jattaarii. A: 1707-

Sir Mordamt, Mr. Whitcbcot, Mr.

Martis*27* <//£ *y CtntMvii 1 Mr. £rabtM, Mr. Afaxiry; and all, that serve

J / for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, and CW*

Anno 6° Anns Reginae, 1707. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock,

Prayers. in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fendibr

York /ORDERED, That Mr. Thompson be added to the Persons, Papers, and Records,

Register. Gentlemen, appointed to bring in the Bill for a . Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Regili$r -of all Deeds, Conveyances, or other Incum- the Petition of Lieutenant Colonel John in behalf

trances, hereafter to be made, or that may affect, any ofhimself, the Major, and all the Subaltern Officers, of Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- the late Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by the ments, within the East Riding of the County of York.Marquis <rf Mirenunt, -was refereed, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to repprt Garbling A Petition of several Salters, on behalf of themselves, to the House: And he delivered the same in at the Spices, and others, trading in garbleable Goods in the City of Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and b as fd-X-ondon, was presented to the House, and read; setting Jowefh; viz.

forth, that an Act was made i° Jac.l. for well garbling That it appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate, ef Spices; which might be useful at that Time, but now, signed by the Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster General by the great Increase of Trade, the Act is become useless Df the Army, dated the 7th Day of June, 1700, that and burthensome to Trade, the Petitioners Goods being the re was due to the said Regiment for their Pay, from liable to be seized, and the Petitioners prosecuted in the the First of , new Stile, 1*9*, mclusive, to the First Exchequer with vexatious and chargeable Suits, tho' of January following, exclusive (from which time their their Goods are generally for dyeing, and used not to be Establishment commenced) being 316 Days {the same garbled in the Memory of Man: And praying to be re- being computed according to the Numbers the said Relieved in the Premises. giment then consisted of, and the Pay granted by the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Peti- Estabiishments to other Regiments of Dragoons, pur-tion be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition suant to his late Majesty's Warrant) the Sum of £.7,057. of the Governor and Company of the Merchants of Eng- fcj. sd. out of which his Majesty did dbeft the said land, trading into the Levant Seas, is referred. Paymaster General to deduct the Money, paid the said

Regiment in Flanders by Richard Hill, Esquire, amount-MMii *A Petition of the several Merchants, Proprietors of ing totbeSum of £-4,447. .16 and then therere-

Company. the separate Stock in the general Society, trading to East mained due, to clear the said Regiment to the First of India, was presented to the House, and read; letting 1695, the Sum of£.2,609. ior. id.

forth, that 9*et to* IVillielm 3", an Act of Parliament That it alto appeared to the Committee, that the Fe-passed, for railing 2,000,000 of Money upon a Fund, titioner did several Times make Application to the Eaii for payment of certain Annuities, and for settling the commissioners for the said Sum of £.2,609. jqj. to

Trade to th eEast Indies;whereby the Petitioners are clear the Pay of the said Regiment for the Time afore-interested in several proportionable Sums in the gene- said; who said, he bad no Money in his Hands, to pay xal Society of Subscribers for advancing the said Two -the feme.

millions, and have complied with the Payments directed That the Petitioners made Application to her Majesty

by the said Act, and are ready to pay their Proportions for Payment of the said Sum of £.2,609. 10 s. 8 d. and of whatever Sum the united Company shall by Ad of that (he was pleased to refer the Matter to the Secretary Parliament advance for the publick Service: And pray- Df War; who reported, that a Warrant was granted by ing, that their Liberty of Trade may be continued to the late King, for the Pay of that Regiment from the them for What further Term may be granted the said first of 1695, to the 31st of 1696,

united Company. ... *mounting to the Sum of £.7,057. 6 s. S and that

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition there had been paid thereof, on Account, by Mr. Hills, 1>e referred to the Committee of the whole House, who Deputy to the Earl of Ranelagh, in Flanders, the Sum are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising of £.4,447. 1 so that there remained due, to clear the Supply granted to her Majesty. the said Regiment for the Time before mentioned, the

Sum of £.2,609. 10s. id.

TuckfieM'* A Bill for vesting in Roger Tuckfleld, Esquire, feve- The Petitioners did also allege, that their same was so

Estate' ral Lands purchased in Trull for him by Sir Wm. Davie, much the harder, because upon the Credit of the Earl of Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time. Certificate they did account with, and pay to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dolben, the private Men of the said Regiment what was due to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Haddon, Sir Rich, them: And produced to the Committee several Re-Onjlow, Mr. Mayne, Sir*. Tho. Frank land, Sir Rich. How, ceipts, under their Hands, for Moneys, which the Pe-Sir Wm. Scazven, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. ititioner had paid them.

Calthorp, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir fVm. Drake, Mr; Peyton, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

M. Thompfoti, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Aylmer, Mr . Heyjbani,.Relief of the Petitioners, according to the Prayer of their

Mr. Tilney, Sit Roger Hill, Mr. Erjktn, Mr. Archer, Petition; and that Mr. Southwell and Sir Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Tredenham-, and sham do prepare, and bring in, the ' Bill, all, that lerve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, Mr. Topham (according to Order) presented to the in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for House, a Bill for the better reerjiting her Majesty's Persons, Papers, and Records. Land Forces, and the Marines; and the same was re-

ceived; and read the First time.

A Bill for vacating the Settlement, made upon the That the Bill be read a Second time.

tAnt*. Marriage of Henry Mayne, and for making a reasonable

Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is Rtjolved, That a Committee be appointed, to con-an Ideot) during his Life, was read a Second time. fider of Methods for the more speedy and easy trying

Rtjolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brom- and determining of controverted Elections; and to re-hsMr. Cartwright, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Eden, Sir port the same to the House;

Rich. Onslow, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Topham, Mr. HcyfliamAnd it is referred to Sir Joseph , Sir Richard Sir John Erskine, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Tho. Webster, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annesley, Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Laugharne. Mr. Bacon, Sir Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Vincent,

Just. Isham, Sir Fra. Mafliam, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Peyton, 'Mr. Mr.

Erskine, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Manley, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Holland, 15 ' Mr.

Army

Arrears.

Recruiting the Land Forces,

Controverted

Liediuns.

6 Ann.

270 — 28° Januarii.

5*7

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sir

bell, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Campbell,

Sir David Da/rimple, Mr. Baily, Sir John Erjkin, Mr. Haddon, Wlx.'fopham, Mr. Sir Robert Corbett,

Mr. Cockbume, Mr. Budge, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hampden, Lord Poivlett, Mr. Tredenh Mr. Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Harley, Sir Andrew Hume, Mr. Sir John

Mordaunt, Sir Pat. JolinJloMr. Bruce,

Mr. Dozvdfwell, Sir IVm. Scawen, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Southwell, Sir Mr. Sir

Tho.Buntet, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Chafe, Mr. Serjeant

Comyns, Sir Walt.Tcmge, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Morrison, Mr.

Nevill, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Bierley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Cruizersand- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Convoys. wj10]e House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

.Annesley's Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of liftate. Francis Anneflcy, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, be read the Third time upon Saturday Seven-night.

Wives of Ordered, That the Petition of divers of the Poor and imprisoned distressed Wives, and Mothers, of the Officers, and Seamen, her Majesty's Subjects, now Prisoners of War in France, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Security of Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next. Queen's Per- at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the son,&c. whole House, upon the Bill to declare the Alterations, and extend the Provisions, of an Act made in England in the Fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession to the Crown of and nothing to intervene.

Militia of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Scotland, next, resolve itlcif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Debentures made out 10 Col. luce*

Rendering Ulioji iiiort complete*

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, appointed by her Majesty to examine, how, to whom, and for what, Colonel John Rice disposed £.11,420. 1 ys. 6 d.in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Etterick, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hide, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Halford, Sir Mr. Alar tin. Sir Hen. Liddall, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Ja. Alountague, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Ofjley, Mr. Kendall, Sir Richard Onslow, Colonel Walpole, Mr. Owen, Sir Tho. Wcbfter, Sir Edxuard Norreis, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Spiings in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo L. 15.

Mercurii, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 6*Annae Reginas, 1707.

Pit AYERS.

AB I L L for Relief of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, Relief of was read a Second time. Sir P. Dun.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Kendall, Lord Conmgsby Mr. Peyton, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Gale, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Poultney, Sir John Erskine, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Annesley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Haddon, Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Qnjlow, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Pedley, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Ireton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Medlicote: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Irby reported from the Committee, to Molloy's whom the Petition, of Margaret and Mary Motley was Eftat*. referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the said Petition, it appeared, that Charles Molloy, the Petitioners Grandfather, was seised in Fee of a eonfi-derable Estate in Ireland, who had Issue Charles die Petitioners Father.

That Charles, the Grandfather, in Jan. 1 did devise the same in Fee to his only Son Charles, and his Heirs; whereby the said Charles, the Son, the Petitioners Father, became seised and possessed thereof; after whole Death the same defeended to his Son, and Heir, Arthur Molloy, who continued seised and possessed thereof until his Death, and left no Issue.

After whose Death the Petitioners, being Sifters of the whole Blood, and and consequently Heirs at Law to the said Arthur, entered, and had quiet Possession of the said

Estate, till such Time as the same was seized, upon pretence of the Attainder of one Geoghegan, who claimed under a Deed, made in 1663 by Charles, at such Time as he was a Lunatick, as was fully proved to the Committee.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the said Geoghegan never enjoyed, nor had any Possession of, the said Estate.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners exhibited their Claim to the said Estate before the late Trustees; yet they thought fit to dismiss the fame, and fold the Estate for about £. 6,034. 5J.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the Petition; and that they are real Objects of Companion, and justly deserve the Favour of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Margaret and Mary Molloy; and that Sir Edward Irby and Sir Henry Dutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom gt paul,g the Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Cathedral. Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls, London, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

6 P A Petition

28° — Jamarii. 1707.

Importing

Cochineal.

Supply Bill; Sale of Annuities.

Beverfing

Bond's

Outlawry.

A Petition of the Scarlet and other Dyers of Cloth and Stuffs, Cloth-workers. Setters, Cloth-drawers, Pressers, Tiljet-painters, and Packers, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, that their Families are wholly maintained by the finishing and making merchantable the substantial Woollen Manufactures of Cloth and Stuffs of this Kingdom, chiefly in Grain Colours, dyed with Cochineal, which is at a high Price of 26 per Pound, but fold in Holland under 20s. per Pound; whereby our Neighbours the Dutch, are enabled to dye much cheaper, than the Petitioners can, and consequently furnish foreign Markets cheaper with our Woollen Manufactures, which are likely to be exported white, to the great Prejudice of the Nation in general, and to the Petitioners in particular; which they conceive may be prevented, if Cochineal might be imported from Holland, and other Parts, into England, without incurring the Penalties in the Act, made in the 1i° Car. for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Importation of Cochineal from foreign Parts, not of the Growth thereof, during this present War, in such Manner, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,- according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Godfrey , Mr. Ward, Sir Davall, Sir William Ashhurfi, and Mr. Scobell, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Union, as the same were delivered to the Commissioners for managing the Equivalent, by the Lords of the Treasury in Scotland, might be laid before tl^e House; her Majesty had been pleased to give immediate Directions for laying the same before the House.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering the Union of the two Rendering-Kingdoms more intire and compleat, was (according to Order) read the Third time. p 1

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That the Judges shall not accept of any Presents or Entertainments, and shall take the Oath appointed by the Act of 180 Ewd. 3

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, that the same be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Committee Justice do fit upon Saturday next, at Five a Clock in the for Courts of Afternoon, in the House. Justice.

Mr. Ireton (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House, a Bill for encouraging the dressing and dying of BruadClotb woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty exPon*d-upon woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white; and the same was received.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding Forty thousand Pound per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surpluses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Bill mentioned; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Bond, of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Baronet, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, during the late Rebellion in Ireland, was outlawed, and attainted of high Treason, both in England and;

but his late Majesty granted him his Pardon, and the Petitioner reverled his Outlawry in this Kingdom by a Writ of Error; but never having been in Ireland since his Outlawry and Attainder there, the same stands Chill in force against him, to his great Prejudice and Inconvenience: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to reverie the Outlawry and Attainder against him in Ireland, provided, that no Estate of him, or any Estate, sold by the Trustees of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, shall be liable, or any ways impeached, charged, or affected, thereby.

And Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to give her Approbation, that Application might be made to this House for a Bill to that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thomas Hanmer and Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committeei.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a w Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House. will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven- wives of night, at Twelve a Clock, take into Confederation the imprisoned Petition of divers of the poor and distressed Wives and Seamsa. Mothers of the Officers, and Seamen, her Majesty's Subjects, now Prisoners of War in France; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitt, Courtney, Mr. Harvey, Pi,rci, afeof Mr. Coke, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Ogilvie, Mr. Arundell, be Irifo forfeited, added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Estate.

John, Lord Archbishop of Tuam, and others, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Aoiwer to Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that Address. their Address, of Saturday last, having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Directions, that an Account of the publick Debts of Scotland, due upon the civil and military Lift there, together with an Account of the Money, given in the last Session of Parliament in Scotland to the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accomptants, of the two last Treaties of 2>

Jovif.)2G? die Januarii',

Anno 6* Annas Reginse, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom Frewau s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Efu:«. An Act for vesting in Ralph Freman, the younger,

Esquire,

6 Ann. 29 Janudri519

Esquire, and his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands in the County of Essex, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Manors anti Lands in the County of Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ambuscade Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to Ship. whom the Bill to make the Ship a Pri-

vateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the , and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him"to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Person in Ordered, That John Bushell (in Custody of the Serjeant custody to be at Arms) be brought to the Bar of this House upon brought up. Saturday Morning next.

Tone A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun* Navigation, cil, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone are soliciting for a farther Toll to be laid on Coals and Culm, landed at Coal Harbour in the said River, which, if granted, will be a Grievance to the Petitioners; for that they are necessitated to fetch great Quantities of Coals by Horse Carriage from Coal Harbour, which during the War, have rarely been under 3 per Chaldron, for want of Convoys, tho' in Time of Peace, or when frequent Convoys, usually at so that the Petitioners have suffered more by the Scarcity and Dearness of Coals, than all other Taxes; and, if a further Toll be laid on Commodities at Coal Harbour, they shall pay a proportionable Advance for their Coals: And praying, that no farther Toll or Tax may be laid on Coals or Culm, landed at Coal Harbour aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

Harwich A Bill for enlarging the Term in an Act, made in the itoads. seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John brey. Sir IVm. Scazvtn, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Disiott, Mr. Freman, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sir Hen. Colt,

Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Bridges, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ducket, Lord Pcwlet, Mr. Montgomery, Mr, Cefar, Mr. Seaton, Sir Robert DaverMr. Mr. Paget, Mr. Winington, Mr. Borlace, Mr. Coke, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Hadden, Mr. Snell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Woollaflon, Mr. Pedley, Mr and all,

that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the en-, larging and repairing the Highways in the Parish of Shenfield, being Part of the great Road leading from Vot. 15.

London to Colchester, to take Place after the other Roads

mentioned in the Act.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, close con- Debtor'# fined in the Gaol and Castle of WestChefter, was presented *>*tltlon8* to 'the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Petitioners were at Liberty, they might not only help Trade, and subsist their Families, but recruit the Army; but by their long Confinement, nauseous Smells of the Prison, and corrupt Air, and Want of Necessaries, they are the greatest Objects of Pity: And praying, that their deplorable same may be considered, and they relieved by a Bill, or some other Means.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, confined in the Gaol of the City and County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, by their long Confinement and Poverty, they are become a Burthen to the Country; and yet, having been bred up to Trade, might (if at Liberty) not only be a Means of increasing Trade, but also recruiting the Army: And praying, the House will relieve them by a Bill, or otherwise, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Ease of insolvent Debtors; and that Mr. Cook, Mr.

Shackerly, and Sir Henry Dutton Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.;

A Bill for encouraging the dressing and dying of Supply Bill; woollen Cloths withing this Kingdom, by laying a Duty Broad doth upon woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported, exported white, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Dovers (according to Order) presented to Bond'* the House, a Bill for the Relief of Sir Henry Bond, Baro-. Relief, net; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Recruiting Forces, and the Marines, was read a Second time. the Land

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Forces.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Lady Hannah Knox, Widow and Hamilton's Relict of Sir John Knox, late in the City of Dublin, in Eftat*. Ireland, Alderman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner by great Chance is informed, there IS a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Esquire,

deceased: That the Petitioner has a Judgment for £.400, which aflfefts the said Estate; and, in case the Bill should pass, without a Saving of her Right, 'twill endanger the losing of her Debt: And praying such Relief therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Orders on of proper Methods, to be offered to the House, for Bills relating giving Notice to such, as may. be concerned in private to Ireland- Bills, brought into this House, relating to Estates in Ireland;

And it is referred to Mr. Molesworth, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Bromley, Lord Powlet, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Moyle, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir Wm.Phippard, Sir Wm,

Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Tates, Mr. Mr. Win-

ington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Nevill,

Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hampden: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message

Bath Roads,

State of War with Spain.

Ways And Means*

Fishery Improvement.

Equivalent for Scotland.

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Cherill Hill JUads*

520

29' — 31" Januarii. 1707.

A Message from the Loads, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Medlicote:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and also several other Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Duckett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Eyres, for the excellent Sermon by him preached before this House at St. Margaret'Westnnnfler., Yesterday,

being the Day appointed fora l'olemn Fall and Humiliation for the Murder of King Charles the First; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Bridges, Mr. Chaundler, the Lord Wm. Poivlet, and Mr. Eyres,

do acquaint him therewith.

Dr. r.vr^k tbunkcu.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the further Consideration of the State of the War with Spain.

And the Residue of the Papers, which have been laid before the House, were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That of the Twenty-nine thousand, Three hundred Ninety-five English Forces, provided by Parliament for the Service of Spain and Portugal in the Year 1707, there was but Eight thousand Six hundred and Sixty in Spain and Portugal at the time of the Battle of Almanza;

And a Debate arising thereupon j

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

for «» Y H

Tc..mror, heNo«.^r"--- }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be made upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the improving the Fishery Trade of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, and Papers relating the reunto, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hillerfden, Sir John , Mr.

Wallis, Mr. Nifbet,. Mr. Mr. Cockburn, Sir

Fra. Maffam, Lord Granby, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Ccfar, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Peter Hacket, Mr. Sa-

thevereU, Mr. Hadden, Mr. Hardrejfe, Mr.

Sir Edward Lawrence, Lord Bruce, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Pedley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of is

.committed.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 31° die Januarii;

Anno 6' Annas Reginse, 1707.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for the better Amendment of the Way, which leads from the Top of Cher ill Hill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in fhc County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better Amendment of that Way, which leads from Cherill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in

the County of Wilts.

A Petition of Thomas Stiles, of Merchant, Thomas and

and Henry Stiles, his Brother, was presented to the House, ,enry> *°-and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are the foie S lp*‘ Proprietors of two Russia-bvMt Fly-boats, one called the Thom, and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, each of about 500 Tons Burthen: That the Petitioners were the first, that ever obtained Leave to import large Mail* from Archangell$ and they having bought a considerable Number of such Marts, and there being no -

built Shipping proper for Importation thereof, and for that, by the Act of Navigation, they cannot import the same in foreign-built Shipping, without paying Alien*

Duties, tho' such Marts are very much wanted for the Service of her Majesty's Navy; the Petitioners pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said two Fly-boats free, for importing large Marts froiT\

Archangell.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr,

Onfow and Mr. Molesworth do prepare, and bring in? the Bill.

The Lord Wm. Powlet reported from the Committee, Thcmpfon'» to whom the Bill for making good to Wm. Grant

Esquire, the Benefit intended to be granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the 2d, in lieu of the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things, by them surrendered to, and now enjoyed by, the Crown, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rendering more si. Paul's effectual the Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Cathedral. Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Members Mace into Westminster Hall, and Courts there, and Court tum noued.

of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred an<* Weani-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

In case the English Company, trading to the East Indies upon Account of the united Stock, will advance a further Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for the Service of the Year 1708, that a further Term of Fourteen Years and an Half (including three Years

Notice)

20 Februar

6 Ann. 31° —

5«

Notice) to take efleft after the Expiration of their present Term, be granted to the said Company of

and in the whole Fund of One hundred and Sixty thousand Pound per Annum, and the Benefit of Trade, and other Privileges and Advantages, granted by, or in pursuance of, the Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 3d, of glorious . Memory.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Reporc be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TcHers for.heYcas.gr

Tellers for the Noes,

So it paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, In case the English Company, trading to the East Indies upon Account of the united Stock, will advance a further Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for the Service of the Year 1708, that a further Term of fourteen Years and an Haif (including three Years Notice) to take effect after the Expiration of their present Term, be granted to the said English Company of and in the whole Fund of One hundred and Sixty thousand Pound per Annum, and the Benefit of Trade, and other Privileges and Advantages, granted by, or in pursuance the Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory.

Crnizers Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the and Conveys, whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

]«49*

202.

Security of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a folTisc* ^er' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to de-°* c* clare the Alterations, and extend the Provisions, of an Act, made in England in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession to the Crown of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Jojep.b Jekill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Jekill reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

State of the

iavy.

Great Bed-tfiii Kle&ion.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Commodore Kerr, Mr. Wood, and the Captains, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon this Day Seven-night, with their Journals of their Voyage.

The House being informed, that Captain Hall, Mr. Edward Hall, and John Long, attended, according to Order;

The said Edward Hall and John Long were severally called in, and examined touching the Person, who went by the Name of Mr. NameleJJe at the late Election for Great Bedwin.

And they gave an Account, that he went by several Names, but his right Name they did not know.

And then they withdrew.

Also John Bushell was called in, and examined again*

And then he withdrew.

Vat.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do bring ‘Tracey Paur.cejort, Esquire (in his Custody) to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That" the said Captain Mr. Edward

Hall, and John Long, be discharged of their further Attendance.

Mr. Dalrimpfe, from the Commissioners for the Equi- Account* valent, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-drcls to her Majesty for that Purpose, missioners*

Copy of the Debts due to the Army, as given in by the Lords of the Treasury of Scotland to the Commissioners of the Equivalent; and also,

Copy of the Debts due on the Civil List, given in by the Lords of the Treasury of Scotland to the Commissioners of the Equivalent; and also.

An Account of what due to the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accomptants of the two last Treaties of Union.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The said Copies, and Account, arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Hardolf Wajlnesse have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absenc*. cations.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Fra. Mr. Relief of Molesworth, Sir Jo.Campbell, Mr. Mr. Hamp- Sir P. Dun.

den, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Wentworth, Lord Mr. Offley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luncey 2° die Februarii;

Anno 6° Anna: Regina:, 1707.

Pa A V E R s.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Sir Wil/iaw Strickland (according to Order) presented to York

the House, a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Rafter-Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall hereafter be made of, or that may ali'eft, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell, Mr. WenMr. Offiey^ portfmoutj,

Mr. Herne, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Manley, be added to the Harbour. Committee, to whom the Petition of Benjamin Joules, is referred.

Ordered, That the Lord Brdkley, Mr. Cafar, and Purchaseof Mr. Arundell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Ir><hforfeited Petition of John Lord Archbishop of Tuam, and others, tftate* is referred.

Mr. Southwell (according to Order) presented to the Reiief«f House,-a Bill for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Col. Savery. Savery; and the feme was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maizeaux'*, for naturalizing Peter Des Maizeaux, Francis Heilman, &c. Nau* John Rijleau, Peter Bouvot, and others, was read the First' time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of James Daley, Esquire, was presented to Purchase of the House, and read; setting forth, that by a Petition, Irishforfeited 6 Q lately

522

2° Februarii. 1707.

lately presented to the House, in the Name of Mrcliael Burke, Esquire, it was suggested, that the Manor of Dunfandell was claimed by him, and his Brothers, before the late Trustees for Sale of the Forfeitures, as the Eft ite of their Ancestors; and that their Claim was allowed, but no Decree taken out for the same , and praying Relief as to that Omission: That the said Lands are the Petitioner's Freehold and Inheritance, fetded on him, and his Wife, upon Marriage} and that the Petitioner, and those he claims under, have enjoyed the same before the late Rebellion in , and everfince,

under a Fine levied in 1666: That the Petitioner is surprized to find his Property thus suddenly drawn in Question, when he cannot well defend his Title, most of his Deeds and Evidences being in another Kingdom: And praying, that his Freehold (which he is ready to defend at Law) may not be drawn in Question in so extraordinary a Manner, asdefired by Mr. Burk's Petition: and that the Petitioner may be heard by Counsel before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Mr.

Burk, is referred.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Lord Archbishop of Sir John King, Ba-

ronet, and others, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if he shall think fit.

Xone A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-

Navi^ation. men, and Farmers, of the Town and Parishes of -lampion, Usfcttlme, and Kentijheer, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that for Ages past the Petitioners have been supplied with Coals ami Salt from a Place called Coal Harbour, on the River Tone, in the County of at

reasonable Rates: That this House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, thereby to lay a further Toll below Coal Harbour, than is already granted by Parliament, the Petitioners conceive, the same will be a Burthen to them, because it will advance the Price of Coals, Salt, and Lime: A d praying, that there may be it further Toll payable bclo.v Coal Harbour aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins have Leave to go into the Absence. Country fora Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Supply Bill; A Bill for encouraging the rirefling and dying of Broad Cloths woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty exported. upon woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Importing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ln»U \arn. whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions, complaining of the Importation of Yarn from Ireland, were referred, be received upon 7 Morning next.

Security of Sir /oftph fekill (according to Order) reported from Quern's Per- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fun, &c. to declare the Alterations, and extend the Provisions, of an AdV, made in England in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession to the Crown of England, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same were

once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

no Person, having any new Office, that shall be erected

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, Supply Bill; for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding A,multle, Forty thousand Pound per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Bill mentioned, was read a Second time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scotch the better Encouragement of the Salmon Fishery in that Salmon Fish-Part of the united Kingdom called; and that ery>

Sir fames Campbell, Sir Patrick Sir David

Dalrimple, Mr. Haddon, Mr. Scott, and Mr. King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Salt carried of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain a Coastwise. Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the easier obtaining a Drawback of the Salt Duties, upon the Exportation of white Herrings.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir kVm. Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm.Strickland reported from the Committee, that

they had gone through the Bill, and made (bme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Tliur/day Morning next.

The House being informed, that some Managers for £aft India the united Trade to the East Indies attended, they were Company, called in, and, at the Bar, delivered in a Paper of the English Company's Submission to the Resolution of the House, of Saturday last, relating to the said Company's advancing the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, upon their having a further Term of fourteen Years and an Half granted to them.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Paper was read, and is as followeth; viz.

At a Court of Managers for the united Trade to the East Indies, holden the 2d Febr. 1707.

THE Resolution of the honourable House of Commons, of Saturday last, relating to the East India Companies, being now read, which is in the Words following; viz.

" Rc/olved, In case the English Company, trading to the " East Indies upon Accotint of the united Stock, will advance a further Sum of One million Two hundred thoilsand Pound, for the Service of the Year 1708, that " a further Terfn of fourteen Years and an Half (ineluding three Years Notice) to take effeift after the

" Expiration

I'

6 Ann., a° — 30 Februarii523

" Expiration of their present Term, be granted to the thods for giving Notice of private Bills, brought into " said Engiljh Company of and in the whole Fund of this House, relating to Estates in Ireland.

" One hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum,_

" and the Benefit of Trade, and other Privileges and The Representation of the Commissioners for the " Advantages, granted by, or in pursuance of, the Ad, Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, were co " made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (according to Order) read.

" King William the Third, of glorious Memory OrdThat it be referred to a Committee, to ex-Re/oh By the Direction of both the general Courts, amine into the Matters of the said Representation, and That the same be fubniitted unto. other Papers relating the reunto; and to report the fame

Signed by Order of the said Court of Managers. to the House;

J. Gilbert, Secretary. And it is referred to Sir John Sir Wm.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Lord Powlet t, Mr. Steward, Mr. Mr. Ptgott,

said Resolution; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exche- Sir James , Mr. Proby, Mr. , Mr. Johnson,

quer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Attorney Gene- Mr. Freeman, Mr. , Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pey-

ral, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord William Pow/ett, ton. Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Dolben, Sir David Dal-

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Ward, Mr. Herne, Mr. Dolben. and Mr. Hungerford, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Way* Resolved, That this Housewill, upon Wednesday Morn"

and Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Militia of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Scotland, whole House, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. K/«°-took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. King reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Equivalent Ordered, That the Representation of the Commission-Scotland, ers for the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 3® Februarii,

Anno 6* Annse Regina:, 1707.

Praters.

Bcpiliiting A PETITION of divers Freemen of the City of Broker*. -F\ London, bred up to Trade and Merchandize, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Petition is presented to the House, for continuing an Act of Parliament, for limiting the Number of Brokers in London: That many of the Petitioners have been ruined by Losses in the late and this War, and have no other Means of getting a Livelihood, but by the Employment of Brokers: That such a Restraint not only prejudices Trade in general, but is a Detriment to particular Traders, who are thereby debarred from employing such Persons in their Business, as they judge bell capable to serve them; and other Employment in this Kingdom is limited to a certain Number: And praying, that the Petitioners may enjoy an equal Freedom with the rest of their Fellow-subjects, in following such Employments, as they find themselves moll; fit for, and that the said Act may not be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine, what Laws were expired, or near expiring; and to report, what were'fit to be continued.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell, Sir Hen. Dutton Colt,

Bills re-°" Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Fra. Mr. , Mr.

luting to Ellis, Mr. Cejar, Mr. Windsor, be added to the Com-

Ireloiid. mittee, to whom it is referred to consider of proper Me-

Vol. 15.

rimple, Mr. Worjley, Mr. Swinton, Mr. Hampden, Six Wm.

St. Quintin, Sir Jo. Packington, Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir Gil* bert Heathcott, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Yates,

Mr. Pollock, Sir John Cope, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Peter Hackett, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tkompfon, Mr. Muncriffe, Mr.

Colfon, Mr. Clark, Mr. Erjkin, Mr. and all, that

serve for Scotland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common importjDg Council, of the City of Bristol, was presented to the in& Yarn.' House, and read , letting forth, that several Petitions having been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the prohibiting the Importation of Yarn, the Petitioners conceive, such Prohibition will be a great Diminution to her Majesty's Revenue, a £)if-couragement to the Woollen Manufactures, and the Ruin of many Thousands, employed in making the said Yarn: And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions against the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bribery at whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Eleaion*. Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manning for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and bet- tha Fleet, ter manning her Majesty's Fleet, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to . of enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Cornwall Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Leases. Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and that Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, and Mr, Scobell, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resumed the ad- State of journed Debate, of 'Thursday last, relating to the Number War with of English Forces in the Service of Spain and Portugal Spain, in the Year 1707, at the Time of the Battle of .,

And

State of War with Spairu

5H

3° Februarii.

A. 1707.

And Mr. St. John offering to the House an Account of the Number of Forces, provided for Spain and Portugal in 1707;

Ordered, That the said Account be brought up to the

Table.

The same was brought up to the Table accordingly, and read; and is as followeth j viz.

REGIMENTS provided for upon the two Establishments of the Earls of Gallway and Peter borrow.

Total Number of Officers and Soldiers, Servants included.

Of the 29,395 Men, afore-mentioned to have been provided for by Parliament, the following Numbers are to be deducted; viz.

Horle. Major General Harvey's Regiment g f The Royal Regiment of Dragoons -§ j Brigadier Killigrew's -

Colonel Pearce's Q (Another Regiment -

Earl of Portniore'sRegiment -

Colonel Southwell's - -

Royal Regiment of Fufiliers

Lieutenant General S/ezvart's

Colonel Hill's -

Earl of Barrimore's -

Late Blood's -

Lord Momtjoy's -

Late BrudenalTs -

Colonel Alnut's - -

Brigadier Gorge's - -

Colonel Wade's -

Colonel Hamilton's

Lord Mohun' % -

Colonel Elliott's -

Colonel John Caulfield's -

Colonel Alien's -

Colonel Toby Caulfield's

Marquis of Montandre's, late Dungannon's

Colonel Bretons -

Sir Cha. Hotbam's -

418

589

443

589

589

o

o

Ui

2,628

876

834

834

876

876

876

876

876

876

834

876

876

876

834

834

834

834

834

834

834

834

Colonel Hill's, ? Money for these two\ Sir Cha Hotham's. J Regiments was given

double, viz. on the Establishment of the T r oops under the Ear) of Gallway, and on the Establishment of the Troops under the Earl Rivers, \ they being two of the fix Regiments, the Sa- I vings of which were applied to the Pay of the I Battalions sent to Portugal, the Troops, and other Extraordinaries of the Year 1707 —

Earl of Barrymore's. The private Men were} made Dragoons, and the Officers sent home, ( who were actually recruiting at the Time off the Battle of Almanza - - -J

Lite Major General Brudenal's -

Colonel Hamilton's - A -

Lord Mohun's - - I Come home from

Colonel Toby Caulfield's \ in Fear.

Colonel Allen's - - j 17c ?, to recruit Major General Farrington's) -

Marquis Montandre's, taken Prisoners before") the Battle - - - -j

Men*

1,71°

876

876

876

834

834

834

876

834

20,362

Memorandum: To recruit these Regiments, there was f r.t, besides a Battalion of Guards, of 600 Men,

{1704 — 1,5001

1705 — 75° f 1706 — 1,240 J

Recruits.

In all — 3.490 Men by Draughts from the Regiments in England and Ireland: Which Method of recruiting has been found so prejudicial to the Regiments, from whence the Men have been taken, as well as to those, into which they have been delivered, that it has been allowed of in no Cafe, except for the Service of Spain, and once for the West Indies.

Regiments lent with the Earl Rivers, and provided for by the Parliament, for the Service of the Year ,7°7:

'French Regiment -Colonel Hill's Regiment -Lord Mordaunt's -Major General Farrington's -Brigadier Mackartney' % - -

Total Numbers remaining

Of the foregoing Remainder of j 20,845 Men, the effective Numbers, f exclusive of Officers, and Officers f Servants, amount to - -J

Out of which Number there is (till to be deducted the Prisoners taken I at several times before the Battle, I amounting to about - - - j

As also the Loss sustained in the^ Regiments, fentwith the Earl Rivers, by Mortality, during their long Continuance on Ship-board, computed at 300 Men a Battalion of the highest Numbers, and 250 the rest, one with another; which Regiments being sent away compleat, except the one before-mentioned, and failing not before the latter End of the Year 1706, could not have been recruited for the Battle of Almanza, which happened in Apr. following -

8,550

20,845

- - 15.585

2,000

2,800

f{

a

Colonel Ws -

Sir Cha.Hotham's Lord Mark Kerr's Colonel NajJ'au's Colonel s

Colonel 5

761

876

876

876

S76

834

834

725

725

725

725

Out of which. Allowance is to-be made for the Deficiency of j one of the Regiments before-mentioned, which was not compleat at its Embarkation - --And for the Regiment of) Farrington deducted, as per con-> tra - -3

4,8o»

536

300

836

In all -

29'395

Memorandum: All these Battalions, except one, were compleat to their established Numbers, upon their Em-barka ion, and failed from Torbay the latter End of the Year 1706.

- 3 >964 11,62*

The effective Numbers of Men," )

according to the Account delivered J in to Parliament, to be in Spain at the time of the Battle of Almanza, j [ 8,6 6

were computed at - - -, 1 > 10,820

To which are added the effective"

Numbers of the four Regiments in Portugal, and those Regiments > 2,160

having been paid by the defective Numbers of the established Numbers afore-mentioned -

Difference

- 801

Memorandum

Committees.

Bagot'*

Relief.

Leave of Absence.

Committees.

6 Ann.

30 — 4° Februarii.

5^5

Memorandum: It is to be con side red also, that a great Number of Soldiers were lick in Hospitals, in and Portugal, of which no ex.i't Account can be given j as well as that divers Soldiers have been diticharged as Invalids, and lent home juil before the Battle.

Memorandum: It it be objected, that the Battalion of Guards, and the Detachments of Carpenter's and Dragoons, being Part of the 8,660 Men, ought like-wife to be added to the 29,395, that Addition will Increase the Difference no farther than 1,311 j which Increase the Observation, made in the preceeding Memorandum, is more than sufficient to balance.

And the Question, formerly proposed, being debated, That it appears to this House, that of the 29,395 Eng'iish Forces, provided by Parliament for the Service of Spain and Portugal in the Year 1707, there was but 8,660 in Spain and Portugal at the Time of the Battle of Almanza;

An Amendment was proposed, after " 8,660" to insert " Men, besides Commission and Non-commission Officers, " and Servants."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that of the Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred Ninety-five English Forces, provided by Parliament for the Service of Spain and Portugal in the Year 1707, there was but Eight thousand Six hundred and Sixty Men, besides Com nr Tii on and Non-commission Officers, and Servants, in Spain and Portugal at the Time of the Battle of

Almanza.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, laying the said Resolution before her Majesty; and humbly defiling, that (lie will be graciously pleased to order an Account to be laid before this House, how it came to pals, that there were no more EugHJh Forces in Spain and Portugal at the Time of the Battle of Alrnait-2 a; and also, that her Majesty will be pleased to use her utmeft Endeavours, that the War in Spain may be vigorously and effectually prosecuted;

The previous Question was put. That that Question be now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address 5

it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 40 d Februarii;

Anno 6* Annae Reginse, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Compton (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of Elinor Bagotand the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Bertie have Leave to go into the Country for six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

V ol. 15.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred Ord.r* on to consider of proper Methods, to be offered to the Bllls relating House, for giving Notice to such, as may be concerned ,0 Ireland* in private Bills, brought into this House, relating to Estates in Ireland, have Power to fit de die in diem.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition purchase of of John, Lord Archbishop of T Sir John King, Irish forfeited Baronet, and others, is referred, have Power to fit de die Eiiate* in diem.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Garbling of the Governor and Company of the Merchants of Spice*. England, trading to the Levant Seas, and other Petitions against the Garbler's Office, arc referred, have Power to fit de die in diem.

A Petition of the Society of Merchant-adventurers ih Importing the City af Briflolwas presented to the House, and read; Irish Ynrn. letting forth, that several Petitions have been presented to the House against the Importation of Irish Yarn, the Petitioners conceive, that a Prohibition of such Importation will greatly diminish her Majesty's Customs, prejudice our Woollen Manufacture, and ruin many thousands, employed in manufacturing the said Yarn:

Anti praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions against the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred.

A Bill for the Relief of L'eutenant Colonel John - Relief of very, was read the First time. Col.Saveiy.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill tomake the Ship Ambvfcade, a French Ambufcad* Privateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and Ship, condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship, was read the Third time.

Refilved. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to make the Ship Ambuscade,a French Privateer, taken by her Majesty s Ship the Dover, and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingressed Bill for making good to Wm. ThompCon'*

Esquire, the Benefit intended to be granted to his An- Grant, ceftors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the 2d, in lieu of the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things, by them surrendered to and now enjoyed by, the Crown, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 3. L. 11. After " Grant" to insert " to ."

L. 25. After " what" to insert " is:"

Pr. # L. After " Thompson* insert " now of " Humbleton."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for making good to William 'Thompson,

Esquire, the Benefit intended to be granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the Second, in lieu of the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Tilings, by them surrendered to, and now enjoyed by, the Crown.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pow/et do carry the Bilito the Lords, and desire their Concurrence th unto.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom Watchet the Bill for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchet, Harbour. in the County of Somerset, was committed; that they 6 R had

c 25 4° Februarii. A. 1707.

had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the 'Clerk's 1 able; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

Athburto- A Petition of several Freeholders of the Borough of Election. Ashburton, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament in the room of Gilbert Yard, Esquire, deceased, Roger field and Andrew Qgdck, Esquires, flood Candidates for the said Borough; and the Petitioners, and several others, as Freeholders of the said Borough, had a Bight to vote at the said Election, and requested, that they might give their Votes; but Tho.Saint kill', the Portreeve of the said

Borough, refused to admit of their Votes, whereby they lost their Liberty in the said Election: And praying the Confederation of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of Andrew Quick, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for Ashburton, in the room of Gilbert Yard, Esquire, deceased; and the Petitioner was duly chosen by a Majority of legal Electors, that appeared, and requested, that their Votes might be admitted; but the Portrcjve of the said Borough (who behaved himself very partially for Mr. Tuckfield) refused to admit of their Votes, and hath returned Mr. in prejudice to

the Petitioner, and the said Electors: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Regulating A Petition of divers Merchants, and other Traders,

Brokers. jn (he City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Petition has been presented-to the House, praying, that an Act for limiting the Number of Brokers in the said City (now expiring) may be continued: That the Petitioners conceive, such a limited Number is a Prejudice to Trade in general, and to Traders in particular; for that they are necessitated, under a Penalty, to employ some of the limited Number, tho' others (not admitted) are more capable of serving the Traders in their several Negotiations; and such a Restraint is a great Hardship upon many Persons, who have been ruined by the War, not to allow them a Liberty of getting a Livelihood by such Means, as they are versed in: And praying, that the Number of Brokers may not be limited, but that every Trader may be at liberty to employ such Persons, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine, what Laws were expired, or near expiring, and to report, what were fit to be revived, and continued.

Tone A Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of Navigation. Devon, together with the Gentlemen, Tradesnien, and

Farmers, of the Parishes of Tiverton,

ferton, and other adjacent Parishes within the said County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting for.h, that the Petitioners are informed, the Con-fervators of the River Tone, in the County of are soliciting this House for a further Toll, payable at

29

Coal Harbour, than is already laid by Act of Parliament; the which, if granted, will be a Grievance to the Petitioners, because the Coal and Salt, wherewith they are supplied from Coal Harbour, will be much dearer, and the Lime Trade, by which they improve their Lands, destroyed, of the Price much advanced: And praying, that there may be it further Toll payable below Harbour, than is already payable by A cl of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Grocers, Ironmongers, Tone Dyers, Brewers, and other principal Inhabitants, of . the Navigation. City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River Tone, nominated by act of Parliament, have been at vafl Trouble and Charge in erecting Locks, and doing other Works, on the said River, from Taunton to Ham Mills; which hath already proved a considerable Benefit, to promote Trade, and preserve the Highways; and the Petitioners are affined, that, if the said River were made completely navigable from Ham Mills to Bridgwater, the

good Designs of the said Act and the Conservators will in a reasonable Time be obtained: And praying, that all due Encouragement may be given to the said Conservators, to enable them to perfect the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effcdlunl making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgivater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Grocers, Sugar-bakers, Distillers, Ditto. Shipwrights, Ironmongers, Soap-boilers, and other Traders in Tonage Goods, within the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, the Conservators, appointed by Act of Parliament, for making the River Tone navigable from Bridgivater to Taunton, have completed the said Navigation from Taunton to Ham Mills, to the Benefit of the adjacent Country, in that Tonnage Doods, bought at are carried up by Water from Bridgwater to Taunton for half the Price of Land Carriage in the Summer, and much less in Winter, by reason of the Badness of the Highways; but, because the Navigation is not finished below Ham Mills, towards Bridgwater, the Boats can come up but at feme Times, and are often detained, for want of Depth of Water below Knap Bridge, and Traders are forced to fend their Goods by Land Carriage, to their great Loss, and damage of the Highways; but, if the Navigation from Bridgwater to Ham Mills were made complete, those Inconveniences would be remedied, and prove advantageous for Bringing down Timber to Bristol, for building Ships, and otherwise: And praying, that the said Conservators may have such Encouragement to complete the said Navigation, by a further Toll at Knap Bridge, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

A Petition of Albert de Landes, for himself, and fe- Army veral other French reformed and lupernumerary Officers, Arre*I». was presented to the House, and -read; setting forth, that there is due to the Petitioners, for Pay and Subsistence, from the l'ft of May, 1593, to the first of April,

1694, the Sum of£. 1,196. 17 s. 6d. as also an Avrear of Forage, for which they had his late Majesty's Warrant to be paid.; but the publick Funds having proved deficient, they could not obtain the lame: And praying, that the House will provide Moneys, to pay the Petitioners what is due to them.

Ordered, That th'c Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition

6 Ann.

4° — 5* ‘FebrHar'd.

Security of A Petition of several Merchants, trading to, and of, AVeft India the liland of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and Trade. read; setting forth, that the Rife, Growth, andflouritiling Condition, of the said liland is chiefly owing to its advantageous Situation with regard to the Trade to the West Indies; which is a very great Advantage to this Kingdom; and yet capable of much more Improvements, if the same had Suitable Protection, as is evident by last Year's Experience, when greater Quantities of our Woollen and other Goods were exported thither, than "had been in several Years before: That the Petitioners have of late met with great Obstructions in carrying on of the said Trule, by the Proceedings of Captain William Kerr, late Commodore of her Majesty's Squadron of iMen of War in the West Indies, who, by his indirect Practices, hath put a very great Discouragement upon the said Trade, by which means the Petitioners are very great Sufferers: And praying, that this (b advantageous Trade may be protested and encouraged for the future, in Inch a manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruifersj and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon.

State of War Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

with Spain, ing next, take into further Consideration the State of the War with Spain.

527

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the dressing and dying of woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white*

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms- do bring Tracey Pauncefort, Esquire (in his Custody) to the Bar of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Repre-fentation of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, are referred, do fit da die in diem.

Supply Bill; Brud Cloth exported.

A Person ia CuOody to be brought to the Barr

Equivalent for Scotland#

Orders

again (I Straugers.

Alilbank's

Estate.

The Order, of the Tenth Day of November last, being read, for the Serjeant at Arms to take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Galleries, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; notwithstanding which Order, many Strangers have been admitted into the Galleries, by which the Members of the House have been prevented from fitting the re;

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key brought, and laid upon the Table; and that no Person do presume to take the same off the Table till the fifing of the House, upon Pam of incurring the Censure of the House.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable Sir Ralph , Baronet, to

make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman, as be shall marry, as if he were of full Age; and the same was received.

St. Paul's Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rendering more Cathedral. effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Security of An ingroftod BiH to declare the Alterations, and ex-Que.n's Per- *end the Provisions, in an Act, made in England -in -the fun, &e fourth Year of Iter Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

for the better Security of het Majesty's Person and 'Government, and the Succession to the Crown Of Was lead the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause -was ‘offered, as a Ryder, -to 'be added to the Bill, That no Person, who is, or shall be, a Commissioner for -disposing the Equivalent Money to Scotland, :be disabled from being a Member of Parliament.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question 'put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be-made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill-do pass; and -that the Title be. An Act for the Security of‘her Mpjafty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Britain in the Protestant Line.

Ordered, That Sir Jofeprh JekiflAo cany the- Bill to the Lords, and dcflre their Concurrence thereunto.

Yoi. 15.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for s^tS^riD*1 the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in - P 8 ' wick, io the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, is committed, have Power to fit de die in diem.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into |"PPb a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Annuities, a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding Forty thousand Pound per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, and One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Bill mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "I1 Msam. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty-.

And then the House adjourned -till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Februarii 5

Anno -6° Annse Reginse, 1707,

Prayers.

JO ETE RSc briber, John Fred.

HAbman Borges, Mathew Peam Rennard Watkins, Cafper Berryman, John Du Vivier, John Colum, Not Coutefs, MofesMoreau, John -Cracker, Andr. Herring,

Peter Loottesffkoy, John Micbewrin, David Bajhard

Abra'ham -Gouquet, Jacob Vant oil, Tho. Jof.

lande, Lewis la Blots, John Rutland Nicholas Finbou,

Ernft Morith SHackman, Hen. Def John

Francis Hutchinfm, David Paronet, Jacques

John Cancarrett, Peter le Planta, Peter Durand, and

John Le Plafirier, -took the Oaths appointed, in order to

their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Petitioners for and against the Bill __ Tone for the more effectual making and keeping the River Navigation, Slone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County o i Somerset, be heard for and against the whole Bill or

any Clauses therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for stoke -repairing the Highway between the White Hart Inn in Goldingto* Eke/y Lane, in the -'Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the Boad* County of Burks, and -the Town -of Northampton, by

applying

Droitwich Salt Springs

Ditto,

Milbank s Elute.

Privilege — Arrcti of Witness attending Committee.

Tuck field's EitutC.

5° Februarii 1707.

applying Part of the Money arising by a Toll, granted the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Way between HocUyfe and Wooburn, and by laying a further Toll upon Pack-horses and Drovers j and that Mr. Montagu, Mr. Arundell, and Mr. Farrer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Freeholders, and Tenants of Lands, within, and adjoining to, the Borough of Droitwich, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill now depending in the House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of and the Rights

of the Proprietors thereof, wherein (the Petitioners are advised) is many Things, that tends to their Prejudice, and Impoverishment of many of them: And praying, that they may be beard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Proprietors of Saltworks newly erected, and Pits lately funk, within and adjoining to the Town of Droitwich, in the County of IVcrcester, and separate from the old Salt Firs, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners understand, there is a Bill in the House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof: That the said Bill tends only to advance the Estates of the Proprietors of the old Salt Pits, who have for a long Time unjustly and vexatiously hindered the Petitioners from making their bed Advantage of their Freeholds, and would by this Bill deprive them of making any for the future: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, what they have to offer against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed and the Petitioners to be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

A Bill to enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman, as he shall marry, as if he wefe of full Age, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert St ay nor, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was arrested at tire Suit of one Crum (to whom little or nothing is clue, if Accounts between them were balanced) as he was going from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, was committed, and to whom a former Petition of the now Petitioner was referred: That the Petitioner verily believes, the said Arrest was only to obstruct the Petitioner in the Prosecution of his laid Petition, upon which his whole Estate depends: And praying the Protection of the House, to enable him to prosecute his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in Roger Tuckjicld, Esquire, several Lands, purchased in Trust for him by Sir IVm. Davie, Baronet, deceased, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill to the Satisfa<5lion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amend-16

rr.ents: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding 40,000 per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, and One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Bill mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the (lime were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the Question being brought up to the Table; The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

put, That the Clause be

Tellers for the Yeas, gjj;

393

7

84.

-r ,1 r t XT CSir Hen. Dutton,

Teller, for the Noes, /

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Ycas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,£Mr'

'(Mr.

Tellers for theNoer,}km,,f"; Pou*'‘

'(Mr. Plumtree:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

99.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the House, that her Trustee* of Majesty had commanded him to lay before this House, Irith For-A Copy of the Representation of the Commons of ^ltures* Ireland, complaining of the oppressive Proceedings of the late Trustees; and also,

A Lift of Receivers to the late Trustees, with the Balances returned upon them to the Commissioners of the Revenue, together with the Proceedings against them for Recovery thereof; and also,

A Lift of forfeited Judgments, &c. and returned by the Trustees to the Commissioners of the Revenue, together with the Proceedings, that have been had thereupon; and also,

A Lift of the Arrears of Rent, delivered by the late Trustees to the Commissioners of the Revenue, together with the Proceedings, that have been had thereupon; and also,

A Cash Account, and the Commissioners of the Revenue their Representation to his Excellency the Earl of Pembroke, Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Representation, Lifts, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Representation, Lifts, and Account, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Lords desire Leave for Members to attend them.

Tone

Navigation.

Supply Bill; Broad Cloth exported.

American

Trade.

Fishery Encouragement.

Cmifers and Convoys.

Importing Irish Yarn.

Salt carried Coastv.'ife.

6 Ann. 5 °~6° Februarii529

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House at Five a Clock this Afternoon, at her Palace of Kensington

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr.

Fellozves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, having the War of Spain under Consideration, desire, that Sir Stafford Sir Gto. Bing,

and Sir John Jennings, Members of this House, may

have Leave to come to the House of Lords in relation to that Matter.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth give Leave to Sir Stafford Fairborn, Sir Geo. Bing, and Sir John to

go to the Lords, as desired, if they think fit.

And the Messengers were called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That tire Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from to Taunton, in the Country of be read a Second

time upon this Day Seven-night, and nothing to intervene; and that Counsel for and against the Bill be then heard thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the dressing and dying of woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white;

And the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the better Encouragement of the Herring and white Fishing of Great Britaand of the Greeland Fishery; and that Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Sir John ErJIcin, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. , Mr. Scab ell,

Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Haddon, Mr. , Mr. Moncton, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Dolben, and Mr. Peyton, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hampden (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were again read, and some of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, *

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions, against the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred, be received upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain a Clause in

Vol. 15.

the Ad, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militia of whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Militia in Scotland, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Venerts, 6® die Februarii;

Anno 6* Annae Regime, 1707.

Prayers:

R. Southwell reported from the Committee, to Relief of Sir whom the Bill for the Relief of Sir Patrick Patrick Dun. Dun, and others, was committed; that they had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question lcvc-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyr York ances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall here- Register. after be made of, or that may affect, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Robert Eden, Sir IVm.

Ashhurst, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen. Cat, Mr. Dolben, Air.

Hampden, Mr. Moyfer, Mr. Gzvyn, Mr. Dyott, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. Manley, Mr. Campbell, Mr, Whit cheat,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. A Sir iten.

Gough, Mr. Cox, Sir Fran. Mafhtm, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Mclesworth, Mr. Baillie, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr.

Vernon', and all, that serve for the County of York, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and Leicester other Inhabitants, of the Borough of was Workkoufe.

presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that their Poof of late Years are much increased; and the erecting of Workhouscs in other Places having proved the most effectual Means for preventing the like growing Grievance, the Petitioners pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the said Borough, and for setting the Poor on work there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir George Beaumont and Mr. Wiuflanley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to receive St. Paul's Fropoiais in relation to the covering the Cupulo of St. Cathedral. Paul's Church, London;and that they do report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Sir Humph. Mack-worth, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Mrnley, Mr.

Bcfcawen, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Rowney, Mr. IVining-ton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. worth, Marquis Granby, Mr. Boyle, Dutt-

Colt, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Moyfer,. Sir John Awbry,

Mr. Harley, Sir H'm. Scawen, Mr. Morley, and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwnll, York, Derby,

6 S Northumberland,

530

Northumberland, Durham, Somerset, and London:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hirket's A Petition of John H, Esquire, was presented to iliiate. the House.

Ordered, That the Petition be read Tomorrow

Morning.

1707

by Francis Collins, of foreign Cordage 138 Tons.

The 13 th of Febr. 170^, - - 58 Tons.

196 Tons.

.£ s. d. That the Customs of 196 Tons of so-? g

reign Cordage comes to - - . I>354 8

The Drawback, on Exportation, to - 1,490 6 8

6* Febrmrii.

Orders on Mr. Mo/esworth reported from the Committee, to Bills relating whom it was referred to consider of proper Methods, to to re and prQposed to the House, for giving Notice of private Bilk brought into this House, relating to Estates in -land-, that they had considered the same accordingly, and had come to two Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House r And which he read in, his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table 5 where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, intending to apply themselves to the Parliament of Great Br, for obtaining private Acts, relating to Estates in Ireland, do from henceforth give publick Notice of their said Intention, by affixing printed Papers, setting forth their Pretensions, in each of the four Courts of Justice in Dublin, during the whole Term, which shall precede the Sessions of Parliament, as also in the Chief Town, wherein the Assizes are usually kept, of each County, where the Lands shall happen to lie, for one Month at lead before the Bill be brought in.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be thirty Days at least between the First and Second reading of every such private Bill.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Orders be declared to be (landing Orders of the House.

Exporting Sir William Withers reported from the Committee, to foreign whom the Petition of the Rope-makers of London, and Cordage. other Parts of Great B, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Examination of Witnesses, it appeared to the Committee, that foreign Cordage, imported, pays a Duty of j s. per Hundred Weight to her Majesty, but, upon Exportation thereof, draws back 6 s. 8 per Hundred; so that there remains but 4 d. per Hundred of the said Duty.

That all Cordage made in Great Britain, pays, on Exportation, a Duty of 6d,per Hundred Weight, but, with the Duty on Hemp included, it pays 2 s. 10 d. per C. Weight more than foreign Cordage; which is £. a. 16 s.8 d.per Ton Loss to her Majesty in her Customs,

besides £. 6 per Ton Loss to the Nation in the manufacturing thereof, and Employment of our Poor.

That the Importation of foreign Cordage is a great Detriment to Navigation, for that one Ton of Hemp takes up the Stowage of two Tons of Cordage.

That the Rope-makers Trade in Great Britain is in great Measure loft, and Encouragement given to foreign Countries to manufacture the fame, and import it hither, for the Sake of the Drawback, on Exportation.

That, foreign Cordage is often made of damaged Hemp, and sold at 5 s. per Hundred Weight, whereby, 'tis feared, several Ships have been loft in the Plantations, our Cordage being better after twice made up.

And Mr. Lloyd, of London, Merchant, said, that he had been employed by Commission for several Dutch Merchants, to enter foreign Cordage at her Majesty's Custom-house, and to export the same again to New England, and other Parts.

And that he finds by the Custom-house Books, the Sid December, 1703, entered in and out the same Day,

So the Profit remaining to the Go-? , vemment is only - - j 2 1 4

That the Government gets more by 196 Tons of English Cordage exported, than by the like Quantity of foreign Cordage exported - 530 16 8

Mr. Wood, Rope-maker, also acquainted the Committee, that great Numbers of their Journeymen and Apprentices have, during the War, been impress'd for Service in her Majesty's Rope-yards, so that their Masters have been necessitated to take more Apprentices into their Trade; whereby in Time of Peace such Journeymen may want Relief from their respective Parishes, the Rope-makers not having Vent for their Cordage, nor Work to employ them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Woollafion reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report, what are fit to be revived, and continued; that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to restrainthe Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) which was to continue for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament; and which was further continued by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for seven Years, from the Expiration thereof; which will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, is fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the said Report, and the Petitions, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, till the Report was made, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Seven-night.

Mr. King (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Yesterday prefenc to her Majesty their Resolution, and humble Address, of Tuesday last, relating to the English Forces in Spain and Portugal at the Time of the Battle of Almanza; and that her Majesty would be pleased to use her utmost Endeavours, that the War in may be vigorously and effectually prosecuted: And that thereunto her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer.

Gentlemen,

What you desire shall be carefully examined, and I will fend you an Answer in a short Time.

The

Expiring

Lawk.

Militia of Scotland.

Answer t# Addrefj.

6 Ann. 6° — 7* F 531

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a ♦Ported'01*1 Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for en-txpor e . couraging the dressing and dying of Woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ireton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments rhereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Cruisers and Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, of Yesterday, Convoys, upon the Clause, offered to the Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

1

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Supply to her Sale of Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other

Annuities. uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not

exceeding Forty thousand Pound per Annum, toarife by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Bill mentioned, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 8. L. 6. to leave out " Four Hundred," and insert " Forty."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House} and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding Forty thousand Pound per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Droitwich Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Salt Springs. Clayton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Pagett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in , in the County of

Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, is committed.

1

I*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 70 die Februarit \

for vesting in Ralph Freman, the younger, Esquire, and FrenwnV his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands in the County of Estate.

Essex, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford, of greatei* Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

A Petition of Roger Bird, and several other Wag- Manner of gonen, Carriers of Goods, {*. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Act of rar- Highway*, liament, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the late King William for the better repairing and amending the Highways, enjoins all travelling Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, to be drawn with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts; which has been executed by several Waggoners, but found impracticable, by the killing of their Horses, and breaking their Carriages, and thereby retarding their Journeys, to the Prejudice of Traders, and Ruin of many Waggoners: That the Encouragement, by the said Act given to Informers, hath also ruined many Waggoners, by their continual extorting great Sums of Money from them, which they keep to themselves, though for Money the Waggoners may use what Horses they please: That Polhampton,

Knightly, his Servant, and John Littlehale, employ themselves as Informers against the Petitioners, and have taken their Horses, and fell them to their own Accomplices for what they please; and who have now divers Warrants against the Petitioners: And praying, that there may be no common Informers allowed, but that the Parish Officer demand the Penalty, where the Offence shall be committed; and that the Petitioner* may go with five or six Horses in length, or seven or nine in Pairs, besides the Wheel Horse.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm.

Scawen, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Rolles, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard How, Lord Powlet, Mr. . Colonel

Chandler, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Mr. Hetne,

Mr. Trotman, Mr. Hilltrfden, Mr. Shackerley, Sir

Eden, Mr. Farrer, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Topham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bennet, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Annesley, Sir,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clayton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir FrancisMa/&w» reported* from the Committee, to Harwich

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term in an Act, made Road*, in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London, and Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, was com- . mitted i that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A. Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

T\AVID Tanqueray, Peter Menard, James Godier,

Mich. Labene, John Snell, Jo. Kerf boy I, Francis Luning, Simon Cofiager, John Peano, Adrian de Yong, John

Fouquet, Crosse Martyn, Gabriel took the Oaths

appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vox.. 15.

And "the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,' to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Colonel Richard Sutton, Colonel Army

Crofts, Colonel George Gojfe'yne, Captain Lewis Arrears,

and others. Aids de Camp to several General Officers in the late War, was presented to the House, and

read;

‘by

1.

Molloy's

Ellate,

Supply Bill; Broad Cloth exported.

Importing

Cochineal.

Thomas and Henry, &c. Ships.

A Person to be brought up and discharged.

> Recruiting the Land Forces.

Annesley's

Kllute.

Wives Ac. of

imprisoned

Seamen.

rja 7* — -9* Febrmrii, A. 1707

read; setting forth, that there it doe to them several Sums of Money, they not having been paid, by a coo-fiderableTime, so far as their Generals, tho' all other Officers are fully paid off: and praying, that their said Services may be taken into Consideration, and they be relieved for the Money due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Han-

mer, Mr. Thompson, Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. , Mr. Dolben, Mr. Courtney, Lord , Major General

Grelawney, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. An-nefley. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Freman, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Laugharne, Lord Powlet, Colonel Sir

Alexander Dowg/as, Mr. Offley, Sir , Mr.

Bennet, Mr. Coatsworth, Sir Godfrey Copley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Irby (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of Margaret and Mary Molloy; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ireton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the dressing and dying of Woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Dut£ upon Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Richard Onfiow (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Importation Cochineal; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Onflozv (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to make two large Fly-boats (Russia-bvWt) one called the Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do bring John Bushell (in his Custody) to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for the Relief of Francis Annesley, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of divers of the poor and distressed Wives, and Mothers, of the Officers, and Seamen, her Majesty's Subjects, now Prisoners of War in France.

And the same was again read; and also the Repre-fentation of the Commissioners for the Sick and Wounded, and Exchange of Prisoners, and also the Letter from Monsieur L'Empereur to the said Commissioners, and also the general Account of the Exchange of Sea Prisoners at War, from the Commencement of this present War, were read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will be pleased to give Directions, that effectual Care be taken for the subsisting, and speedy Exchange, of such Officers and Seamen of her Majesty's Navy, as are Prisoners in France.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that Commodore Kerr attending the Committee, the Papers, which had been laid before the House, relating to him, had been read, and the Examination of the Matter entered upon; but that Commodore Kerr had desired Time to make his Defence j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers.

Ordered, That Mr. Wood, and Commodore Kerr, and the Captains, and other Persons, who were ordered to attend this Day, do attend again upon Morning

next, with the Journals of their Voyage.

Ordered, That Commodore Kerr have a Copy of the Petition of the Jamaica Merchants, and also l'o much of the Representation of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, as relates to him, if he think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade; and nothing to intervene.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

LuncZy 90 die Februarii;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

pAUL Bovilly, Alexander Dilman, Peter Bazaille, Geo. * Nicholas Dobbertin, fojias Velineur, Chris. Toepken,.

Laurence Loveroo, John Martene Elkeng, John Sharrer, Henry Kulenkampf.\Paul Crell took the Oaths appointed,

in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to make two large Fly-boats one

called the Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman as he shall marry, as if he was of full Age, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. WinnMr. Clayton, Lord Powlett, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Barker, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Woollaflen, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Hen. Mr.

Hampden, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

Her no

State of the Navy.

American

Trade.

Committee*.

Thomas and Henry, &c. Ships.

P.Iilhank El'tate.

Pond's

Relief.

Annesley'a

Estate.

Droitwich Salt Springs.

Ditto.

6 Ann.

9° Februa

Vernon, Mr. Boieler, Mr. Yates, Mr. Poulteney, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gale, Mr. ReMr. Sir

Edward Irby, Mr. Peyton, Sir John Awbry; and all, that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, and Newcastle upon Tine: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief of Sir Henry Bond, Baronet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir IVm. Strickland, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir IVm. Kerr, Mr. Morley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Dyot, Sir F.dmund Bacon, Mr. Rennet, Colonel Grabme, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Moyfer, Mr. Mr.

Valpole, Sir Hen Gough, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Mr. Bence, Sir Peter Hackett, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Dozudefzvell, Mr. Csfar, Mr. Strode, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Booth, Mr. Grantand all for Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert Dixon, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill now under the Consideration of this House, for the Relief of Francis Annejley, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom; which Lands the Petitioner has by due course of Law recovered from the said Mr. Annejley, and objects to the Bill, for that in January, 1690, the said Mr. Annejley, being assigned the Petitioner's Guardian, got those Lands struck out of the Lift of the Commissioners of the Revenue in 1694, when 'twas pretended, they were Part of King James's private Estate; yet in five Weeks after, as such, took a Lease thereof, at 3 sAcre, which, at that low Rate, amounts to/.29. 10 4*/. a Year, be-

ing 161 Acres, tho' Mr. Annejley values them only at /. 1 10 s. per Annum; and afterwards he purchased the said Lands of the said Trustees, and had £. 100 allowed him for the bare Pretence of a Discovery: And praying, that the Petitioner may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, and may have an Opportunity to prove the said Fadts.

Ordered, That the Petitioner and Mr. Annejley be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this House, upon the third reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the most sufficient Inhabitants of the Parishes of Oldfwinford, Dudley, and Kingszvinford, and Places adjacent, in the Counties of and Stafford,

was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Pro-

a great Number of Colliers, and other poor People, who get their Livelihood by getting and carrying Coals for the Use of the said Salt-works; and, if the Brine should be carried to Severne, the poor People will lose their Employ, and become burthensome to the Country, which is already very much burthened with them: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, what they have to object against the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Colliers, and other Workmen, employed in and about getting of Coals in the Parishes of Oldfwinford, Dudley, and King in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, for the Use of the Salt-works

in Droitwich, in Wcrcejlershire, was. presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are settled in poor Habitations, for small Rents, near the Vol. 15.

Coal-works, and their whole Employment is getting of Coals for the Use of the said Salt-works: That, if the Bill, now in the House, should pass, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, whereby the Brine is to be conveyed to the River Severne, and there made into Salt, the Petitioners mull lose their said Employment (they having no other) and their Families become destitute of Subsistence: And praying to be heard by Counsel against that part of the Bill, which relates to carrying the Brine to the Severne.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Landlords, Freeholders, and Droitwirh Tenants, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, a 1 Prin8s* Owners, and Occupiers, of Lands and Tenements, used for maintaining and keeping of Teams for Carriage of Coals to the Salt-works at Droitwich in the said County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, depending in the House, for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs at Droitwich, in the County of Hrorcester, and the Rights of the Proprietors thereof, will, if it should pass into a Law, greatly prejudice the Petitioners, by disabling such as are Tenants, to pay their Rents, and' maintain their Families, and the others in paying Taxes for the said Lands and Tenements: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered That the Committee do fit upon Friday Morning next; and that the Counsel for all the Petitioners against, and also for, the Bill be then heard.

A Petition of several Tradestnen, Clothiers, Stuff- Importing makers, Salters, Dyers, and others, concerned in the Irish Yam. Woollen Manufacture in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that several Petitions have been presented to the House, for prohibiting the Importation of Irish Yarn; the Petitioners conceive, that, if the Importation thereof should be prohibited, it will be a great Diminution to her Majesty's Customs, a Discouragement to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and the Ruin of many Thousands, employed in manufacturing the said Yarn: And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and do therein what shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants and Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions, relating to the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers, Weavers, Ditto, and other Manufacturers in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Parishes of St. Philip and Jacob, Clifton, Westbury, upon Trym, Bitton, Mongotsfield, Syfon, IF'inter borne, and

several other Parishes, in the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and thousands of others, employed in the same Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that for many Years past the Petitioners have employed and maintained themselves, and Families, in the Woollen Manufactures, to carry on which they have been supplied with Irifi Yarn, imported from Ireland, without which their Trades cannot subsist, there being not hands enough to be found in England, to spin all the Yarn, that is used in the Woollen Manufaifture; and therefore, if the Importation thereof should be prohibited, or a Duty laid thereon, as will tantamount thereunto (as is prayed by several Petitions presented to the House) the Petitioners, and

6 T their

Discovering Death of Persons pretended to be alive.

Rendering Union more complete.

Pagots

Relief.

Wateliet

Harbour.

Pri loners taken by T rench.

Officers com cerned in defence of Londonderry,

534

9° Februarii.

A* t7O7.

their Families, mud become chargeable to their several Parishes, and it will be injurious to the Nation in general: And praying the seriousConsideration of the House in the Premises, to apply such proper Remedies, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions relating to the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed jmto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And some other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, wtfh the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ho ford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and compleat, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the Relief of Elinor was read a Se-

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Top Mr. Ireton, Sir Fra. Mafliam, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. IVinning-ton, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Pollexfen, Sir John Guise, Mr. Roberts, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Foley, Mr. Scobe/lLord Coningsby, Mr. Laugharne, Lord Powltt, Mr. Diston, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lovoiher: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchet, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Harbour and Key of Wat-ehet, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Harley acquainted the Flo u ft, that their

Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (lie would be plealed to give Directions, that effectual Care might be taken for the subsisting, and speedy Exchange, of such Officers, and Seamen, of her Majesty's Navy, as are Prisoners in France-, her Majesty had been pleased to answer. That (he had given full Orders some time since in that Matter.

Mr. Secretary Harley also acquainted the House, that her Majesty having been made acquainted by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland with several Applications, made, to him from the House of Commons of Ireland, in favour of die Officers and Soldiers of the luijkiliing Regiments,

and other Regiments, that, served in ther Defences. of London-derryher Majesty had thought if proper to order Copies of the Papers, relating to the fame, to be laid before the House, and does recommend their same to the House.

And he presented them to the House- accordingly; viz.

The Order, and Address of the House of Commons on the behalf of Captain Richard Nesvjled and mill, Gentleman, and other Officers, of lnifkiliing and Londonderry.

Order of the Commons for such Members, as are of the Privy Council, to attend my Lord Lieutenant with the Address rn favour of Captain Baird, and Hammill.

Address of the Commons in favour bf Captain Baird,

and William Hammill.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Orders, and Addceffea, be taken into Confederation upon Fhurfday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the dressing and Supply Bill; dying woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a BroadOoth Duty upon woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported white, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the dressing and dying of woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon Broad Cloth exported white.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, Salt carried of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain a Coastwise. Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, was committed, the Amendments, they had di-red ed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were or.ce read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Salt, exported to Ireland, shall have the Allowances given by the said Act for Wastage in Carriage, without relped to the Quantity wasted.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for determining Law-luits.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then Counsel were called in against and for the ingress- Annesley'* ed Bill for the Relief of Francis Esquire, in dilate,

relation to his Purchast- of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the lorfeiled Estates in that Kingdom.

And the Bill was read the Third time: And also the Petition, which had ben presented this Day, against the Bill, was read.

And an Objection being made to the Petition, it being not signed by the Petitioner;

Upon which the Counsel withdrew:

Then it was admitted, that the Counsel should proceed.

And then a Motion being made, and the Question. being put. That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

The

Si. Paul's Cathedral.

! aws re-

1: ' r to vaflts.

Relief of Col. Savery.

Officers concerned i dtfence of Londonderry.

6 Ann. -IO

The House divided:

The Noes go- forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,j (Mr. Monson, Mr. Duckitt:

Tellers for the Noes,j (Mr. Manley, [Mr. Rowney: } 93-

So it passed in the Negative.

And Counsel were called in again, and heard against and for the Bill; and then withdrew.

And z Debate ^rising upon the Bill j

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next,.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowlier, Mr. Compton, Mr. King, Colonel , be added to the

Committee, appointed to receive Propofols in relation to the covering the Cupulo of St. Paul's Church, in London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, ioQ die Februarii;

Anno 6* Anna Regina, 1707.

Prayus.

pHlL IP Bryand, Henry Troner, Andrew Endereup,

* and Adam Maes, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect the Laws relating to Servants, and to consider how the same may be made more effectual j and to report their Opinion therein to the House j And it is referred to Sir Robert , Sir Robert Havers, Mr Pocklin ton, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Clark, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Do/ben, Sir T , Sir

ler, Mr. Nevilly Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Clayton. Sir Rich. , Mr. MoleJ-

worth, Mr. Dyot, Lord HideMr. Barker, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Freeman, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Medli-eett. Sir Thu. Parker, Sir JVm. Strickland, Sir Edmi/ind Bacon, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr.

Cox\ and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Moyfer, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Clark, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Farrer, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Gale, Mr. Pigot, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Monson, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. Burnet, Mr. Nevill,

Sir Hen. Colt, Sir John Cope, Mr. Batbur/l, Sir Edw. Norreys, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Woellaflon, Mr. Pu/teney: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Captain Robert Baird, and Wtn. Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of, and as Agents and Trustees to and for, as well the several Colonels, and other Field Officers, as the commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of eight Regiments of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, and three Companies of Gunners, Pioneers, (s'c.that served their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary'in the memorable Defence and Siege of Londonderry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1688, upon the Encouragement given by their said Majesties to the Protestants of the ‘ Northern Counties of Ireland to rife, and oppose the Earl of Airconnell, then Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and his

"V O L. 15.

Februarii. 535

numerous Army of Irish Papists, by him then raised, the said Protestants took up Arms, to the Number of 32 Regiments, and fought the Irish Papists at Claudy!

Bridge, bpt y/anting Artillery, and Ammunition, they were totally defeated; after which several of the resolute Officers filled up their Regiments, and marched to Londonderry, being eight Regiments, making 9,000 Men, refolying to make the best Terms they could with their Enemies; bpt, upon their Majesties further Encouragements, and their. Declaration (partly annexed) of the 22d Ftbr. ;688, promising the Rebels Estates, and fending to the Garison a Supply of Ammunition, they rejected the great Offers made them by King James (who was then preparing to invade Scotland with a numerous Army, waiting only for the Reduction of don-derry) and declared for, and proclaimed, King William and Queen Mary, laid out their own Money in Provisions and Stores against a bloody Siege, which followed on the 16th Day of April by King James in Person, who sent the Garison a Chart blanche, to make their own Conditions, rather than delay his March into Scotland, where in all Probability, with the Assistance of the Lord Dundee, then in Arms, and successful, he would have carried all before him; but the Garison rejected it at a Time, when they were exhausted by Fire anti Sword, Dearth and Pestilence, and reduced to eat Horses, Dogs, falc Hides, Starch, and Tallow, and held out a, Siege of four Months, wherein they killed 10 or 12,000 Soldiers, and a great many Officers, and obliged the late fC*ng J notes to raise the Siege, baffled' his Army, and therewith was forced to quit that Part of the Country: That his Majesty King William was lbfen-fible of the Services done hiip>and the whole Kingdom, by the said Garison, that he acknowleges the same by his Letter (signed by the Duke of Shrewsbury, then Secretary of State) dated the 16th August, 1689, annex'd to the Petition, applauded their Bravery, and promised his royal Favour, and, as a Mark thereof, ordered the Accounts of the Garison to be stated by Mr. Fox, continued three Regiments of them, together with 214 fu-pernumerary Officers, in his Pay, during the War, whose Arrears he likewise ordered to be stated by Mr. Fox, which was also done, as by his Majesty's Letters (annexed) to Duke Schomberg may appear: That the said Gariion, by adhering to their said Majesties Interest, had their Hopfes and Plantations destroyed, and their personal Estates seized, to their Damage £. 200,000 at least, which has reduced them to a very indigent Condition: That, upon the Petitioners Application to the House of Commons last Session, for the Arrears of Pay due to the said Garison, the House appointed a. Committee to examine the Petition, and (late the FaCl; which accordingly they did; and reported the Arrears due to the Gariion, and that the Allegations of that Petition were true, as is upon the House Journals; but the Session then drawing near to an end, there was not Time to bring in a Bill for Debentures to be made out to the Petitioners, as to the rest of the Army, for the said Arrears of Pay: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in Bill for Debentures to be made out, and delivered to the Petitioners, for the Arrears of Pay due tp them, and for their Losses sustained on Account of their Loyalty, or such other Relief given them, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Papers, laid before the House Yesterday, relating to the Officers and Soldiers, that served in the Defence of Londonderry, shall be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committe, to whom Garbling the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Mer- Spices, chants of England, trading tQ the Levant Seas, and also the Petition of the West India Merchants of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, and also the Petition of several Merchants in London, trading in Spices, and also the Petition of several Salters, on behalf of themselves, and others, trading in garbleable Goods,

Garbling

Spice#,

536 _ 10 0 Februarii./4. 1707.

in the City of London, were referred; that the Commit- Thus, if the Importer garbles this Commodity, it is tee had heard the Petitioners, and the Garbler, and ex- spoiled; and, if he delivers it yngarbled, it is forfeited: amined the Matter; and had come to several Resolutions, Sena and Scammony are not garbleable, but are liable which they had directed him to report to the House: to be seized, as before-mentioned.

And he read the Report, and Resolutions, in his Place, That Galls, and the before-mentioned Goods, are all and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; proper for Exportation; and of the former we import where the same were read, and are as follow; viz. great Quantities, and are many times necessitated to keep That, upon the Petition of the Levant Company, Mr. them two or three Years upon our Hands, because the Falknersaid, that he readily granted, there was a Gar- home Trade will not conl'ume them, nor do foreign bier's Office in the City of London before the Act in the Markets require them; yet by this Law, if they are not ift of King James the ift; but what Powers attended if, exported in eight Months time, then the Garbler may he did not know, but believed, it was for the Ease of enter the Merchant's Warehouse, and garble the lame, the Merchants and Traders garbling such Commodities, and, it may be, carry them to his own Warehouse, there-as they might fee convenient; but that there was any by dispofl'effing the Owner of his Property; to put it Power to inflict Penalties and Forfeitures upon the Sub- into the Hands of Porters and Labourers, to do as they jest, he was sure could not be, that being lodged in please with it. In this same the Sena. Worm feed, an I another Place: Scammony, are utterly spoiled, and the Galls the worse

Nor that the aforesaid Act of King James the First (as at the foreign Maket, after all the Charge and Loss,

bad as it has proved in the Consequence) intended the that attends the garbling. And thus the foreign Expor-raising more Money upon the Subject, and Trade, for tation (lo considerable a Branch of the Trade of this garbling the Goods enumerated in that Law, than the Kingdopi) is clogged and fettered by an unreasonable Work and Service done by Porters and Labourers de- Law, to the great Prejudice of Trade, and the Dilcou-served, nor yet to raise Money upon the Subject for the mgement of Traders.

interest of any private Person or Society whatsoever. Mr. Le Noy said, that there are Goads, that, when

Thar, contrary to the Intention of the Law, it is now garbled, won't keep good six Months which, without made the instrument of a Farm and Revenue of £.300 garbling, will keep two Years; and that he, having a per Annum, and £.i,cco Fine, for Term of Years, or considerable Quantity of Fennel Seeds by him, fold them Life; by means whereof ten times as much is raised ungarbled at 1. 15 the hundred Weight; but the upon the Subject, as the garbling Work deserves; and, Garbler obliging him to garble the rest, he loft thereby if this Law continues, the next Farm may be 2 or 5 Bale in 22, each Bale containing 300 Weight, and £. 3, oco Fine, and £. 1,500 fer Annum; for which Reason then fold them for 10 Hundred less, than before

lie laid, the Law was oppressive to the Subject, and they were garbled: And notwithstanding any Civility the injurious to Trade. Garbler may offer to the Merchant, yet they are liable

That the Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by this to be ruined by the Informations of their own Servants, I^w, are rigorous and excessive, for that the Laws of or Porters; the Reason, cne Moiety of the Penalties, England do generally inflict Penalties proportionable and given by the said Act, are to the Informers: And there-adequare to the Offence, and never forfeit a Man's Estate fore it is not so much the Garbler, as the Act itself, they lor Trifles: And this, he said, was oppressive to the have reason to complain of; for that lie is now sued by Subject, and injurious to Trade. Information in the Exchequer for Goods, that lie fold

That the Powers given by this Law, under the Word ungafbled, tho' he had the Garblcr's Order for their garbleable, seemed boundlels, and gave the Garbler Li- Delivery: And in Cafes, where the Garbler sets his Seal, berty to call what Goods he pleased garbleable, as Corn, as garbled, because they will not bear being exposed to Currants, Fruit, Sugar, (3c.thereby subjecting the the Air, yet, notwithstanding upon the Sale of those Met chants' and Traders of this Cirf to his arbitrary Plea- Goods, the Merchants are liable to be prosecuted by that lure, without Relief, at best not without great Trouble Law ': And the Garbler after sets his Seal to the Spices, and vexatious Prosecutions, which he termed oppressive imported from Holland, without any Inspection, for and injurious to the Subject: And this Law, being thus that he knows, they came over ready garbled, yet de-oppressive and injurious to Trade, in the Execution, in mands and receives, his Rates, as tho' he garbled the the Penalties and Forfeitures, is destructive to Trade, fame.

rather than promotes it. Mr. Evans said, that he is now prosecuted in the Ex-

His Instances were: chequer, in the Name of one Candey, for Galls he has

That the Spices, when this Act was made, were irn- Gold ungarbled; which Candey is a perfect Stranger to ported from India, the Levant, the Seigncry of Venice, him, and (as he is informed) is no ways concerned with

and other Places, in the Soils, and were then necessary the Garbler as his Officer, or otherwise: And produced to be garbled; but for many Years past were become a Copy of the Information to the Committee, peculiar to the Dutch East India Company, who take Mr. Stewart, the present Garbler, laid, that he has

care to clean them perfectly, and thereby i'upport their no Informations upon his own, or any of his Servants, Reputation in all the Markets of Europe, and are now. Account, now depending against any Person in relation so imported into this Kingdom; inso much that nothing to his Office.

further can be done to them, unless it be to spoil them,. That, upon the Petition of the IVe/l Merchants, or do them a very great Mischief, notwithstanding the Mr. said, That, if the Wesi India Ginger cor-

Garbler exacts a very large Fee upon them for only fix- tinues to be insisted on to be garbled, it must inevitably ing his Seal upon them, without garbling, amounting ruin the Makers thereof, the Prime Cost being but to between 4 anJ^. 500per Annum: Yet after all, when per Hundred there; and if 1 s. per Hundred be paid to the Importer hath parted with his Money for nothing, the Garbler, he thereby acquires a 4th Part of that Plan-and fells his Spices, they are liable to be seized and for- tation Trade, whereof those Goods are liable to the Pe-feited, or he to be prosecuted for the Value, without Re- nalties of that Act.

lief, for that they are not garbled as the Law directs. That he imports 3 or 4,000 Bags a Year; and tho'

That the Levant Company are the Importers of feve- he has never paid any Duty for gaibling, yet by that

ral Commodities from Turkey, as Galls, Sena, and Worm- Act he is liable to be prosecuted upon every Sale he feeds, enumerated in the Act, and Scammony, super- makes of that Commodity.

added: The Worm-feeds are in the Soil, which preserves Mr. Smith laid, that he has been 20 Y'ears a Trader them fresh, and from decay; f > that; if he, that im- in the Importation of Ginger, and Indico, and never ports Ten or Twenty Bags of them, should be foiced knew the feme were liable to be garbled, till last Year to garble them, tlieExpender would not buy them, be- an Information was brought against him for a Parcel, of cause they would soon decay upon his Hands, and he or 500 Value, by one that he had fold un-

must garble them, as he finds Opportunity to fell them: garbled.

u That

6 Ann. 10° Februarii. ' 537

That the Hardship of gatbling lies only upon the Merchants and Traders, importing any of those Commodities into the City of London, and Liberties thereof; for^ if they are imported into Southwark, or any other Parts of this Kingdom, they may be again exported without the Garbler's Inspection.

Mr. Stewart, the Garbler, laid, that he never demanded to garble Indico, or any other Goods, not enumerated in the said Act, of the first of King James the first, unless the Merchants, or Traders, lent to him to garble the fame.

Mr. Kent said, that he has imported Indico, Pe-mento, and Ginger, for 11 Years part, and never knew them garbled, or liable to it; and therefore apprehends it very hard upon the Subject to lie liable to so vexatious a Law, that, in complying with it, does those Commodities no manner of good, and, in not complying, renders the Dealers liable to Ruin by the heavy Prosecutions, that may b£ brought by any Informer against Jtim.

Mr. Deputy Parrott said, that he has imported Indico, and Ginger, for 20 Years past, and never understood those Goods to be liable to be garbled, till lately an Information was brought against him by one a

p rfedt Stranger to him, and believes he is so to the Garbler: And produced a Copy of the Information to the Committee: So liable are the Merchants to vexatious Prosecutions by virtue of that Act.

That, upon the Petition of the Merchants trading in Spices:

Mr. Gough said, That, since the Law for garbling, the East India Spices are imported very clean from Holland; and that Mace in its own Nature is not capable of being garbled, and yet a high Duty is paid to the Garbler for not garbling thereof: That the Garbler receives 2 per Pound for Cloves, and 3s. per C. for Mace, and Nutmegs; for which he does no more than set his Seal upon those Goods, as garbled, without any In* speftion, they being imported ready garbled to his Hand.

That they are thus forced to submit to these needless Impositions, to save their Goods, and to avoid those vexatious Prol'ecutions, they are liable to by the aforesaid Act.

To which Mr. Stewart, the Garbler, said, there was a Necessity to inspect Mace; for that he has. known a Sort of wild Mace, that is brought from the East Indies, to be mixed with the good Mace, which is not discover-able by Colour, but by Taste only.

Mr. Crejfter said, that he pays £. 4. per Hog (head for Cloves to the GaTbler, for only his putting his Seal upon the lame, without any Inspection; and, notwithstanding, the Goods are liable to be seized by any Informer, by virtue of that Law, because not actually garbled.

That he has been a Trader for 15 Years last past, and never knew any such Thing as wild Mace imported from Holland: That the Hollanders, are so sensible of the Advantage of fending their Spices well cleaned, and in good Condition, to England, by the Advantage of Price, that there are none lent otherwise; And several Specimens of Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, were produced to the Committee.

That, upon the Salters Petition.

Mr. Ludlam said, That the Garbler demands a Duty for garbling of Argol, and Sal* Acmoniac, the' the same were never garbled in the Memory of Man; and that he receives 12 d.per for garbling Ginger for Exportation; and, when it is garbled, it is not 2 per C. the better; And produced a Table of Rates, which the Garbler demands for garbleable Goods, which were settled by the City in the Year 1599: And yet he now demands a Duty for Goods under the Notion of garbleable, that were not tlren known in England, under Pretence of Orders, made by the Lord Mayor Jeffryes, under whom he purchased his Place.

That Scammony, Sarsaparilla, Cassia fistula, are not in their Natures garbleable; and yet the Traders are

Vol. 13.

forced to pay Duty for the fame, to prevent a Seizure of their Goods, and themselves from Prosecutions, which have been brought by the Garbler for Goods not enumerated in the Act; for that the said Garbler did formerly bring an Information against one Mr. Millington in the Exchequer, for felling Cochineal ungarbled (tho' the same is not enumerated in the Ad) and compelled him to compound for the feme; Which the Garbler owned to be true.

Mr. Stewart, the Garbler, said, that the aforesaid Rates were settled by Ad of Common Council in Queen Elix. Time, and by a Table of Rates in 1604, and Orders of the Court of Aldermen of the City of London thereupon.

Mr. Gough said, that tho' they buy their Pepper ready lifted, and cleaned, of the East India Company, yet they are liable to be seized, if the Garbler does not come and look upon it, for which he demands, and receives, as. per Bag; and i'ometimes there may be Rice mixed among the Pepper; yet he takes the Duty, tho' he does nothing for it.

To which Mr. Stewart, the Garbler, said, that he is at the same Trouble and Charge in the Maintenance of his Servants in the garbling of clean Goods, as well as foul; and, tho' Pepper may be clean, it is by Law liable to be inspected.

Mr. Dickenson said, that there is no Penalty in that Ad upon the Garbler, if he does not do his Duty, whereby a Forfeiture may be incurred: That the present Garbler is a Merchant, as well as Garbler, and had a Property in a Parcel of Turmerick, which is a garbleable Commodity^ which, to his Knowlege, was fold ungarbled, as must be believed, he being a Director of that Company, that fold the fame: Yet he afterwards seized the said Turmerick, because fold ungarbled, and has it yet in his Possession.

Mr. Falconer laid, that the Hard ships upon Trade are such, that, if Goods go through four or five Hands, all the Buyers and Sellers are liable to the Prosecutions of any Informers whatsoever.

Mr. Harris said, that the garbling of Indico, is prejudicial to it, and needlefe j for in garbling two Hundred Weight, what is taken from it is not id. Damage to the Buyer, where it to remain in it; and that the garbling of Ginger will in a (mail time prove a Prohibition to the Commodity, by enhancing the Price thereof; and that the Garbler, instead of garbling (bme Cloves, that came from India, only set his Seal to the Calk, whereby the Goods were liable to be forfeited; and that last Michaelmas Term he had an Information, for felling those Goods ungarbled, in the Name of one Candles And produced a Copy thereof to the Committee; and said, he cannot find out the Informer, nor learn, who he is.

Mr. Stewart, the Garbler, being present, and deiiring to be heard in Answer to the Petitioners Allegations, said, that, by the Experience of 20 Years, he knows the Office for garbling to be of publick Use and Benefit, for the preventing and detecting of Frauds in the Sale of garbleable Goods, and to be a great Check upon unfair Traders.

He owned the Information brought against Mr. Millington, about 17 Years ago, for not garbling Cochineal > but compounded the feme, by Licence from the Exchequer, for his Fees and Charges.

That Cochineal is directed to be garbled by Order of the Court of Aldermen in 1618, and always comes over very foul, and frequently mix'd.

That the several Commodities mentioned in the Table of Rates, not enumerated in the Act, are in their Nature garbleable, and used to be garbled, and so directed to be by Act of Common Council, and Order of Court of Aldermen; yet are not infilled on, but when the Traders desire it.

That he garbles all the East India Company's Indico, and hath garbled several Quantities of Coffee, Jesuits 6 U Bark,

Garbling

Sjjice*;

538

10° Fchruarii.

A. 1707.

Garbling Bark, and other Goods, not enumerated in the Act, up- That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Spices. on Proprietors Application to the Office. That the Office of Garbling be continued in the Power 1

That he has been always tender of giving Trouble to of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of -Lew-Traders; hath had but two Prosecutions these twelve don, but without any compulsive Powers or Penalties Years, one of them the last Term against Mr. Dickenson, upon the Merchants, or Traders, but that they be at for felling a Parcel of Turmerick ungarbled, both he, liberty to make use, or not make use, thereof, as they and the Buyer, refusing to let the same be garbled, and think fit.

bidding Defiance to the Law. The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

That he disowns being concerned in any of the Profc- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, cutions now complained of, and believes it to be a Con- agreed unto by the House.

trivance of some of the Complainants, being all com- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said menced since the last Term. Resolutions; and that Mr. , Mr. Attorney Gene-

That the five Bales of Sand and Dust, which, Mr. ral, Sir Withers, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Lenoy said, was garbled out of 22 Bales of Fennel Seeds, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, and Sir Owen Buckingham, do pre-shews the Necessity of this Office; but cannot believe, pare, and bring in, the Bill, the garbling thereof lessened its Value; for if he had

fold them cheaper afterwards, that can be only by Fall Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for FWlion* of the Market. the more ealy polling the Freeholders at Elections of for

That he has never taken any higher Fees, than were Knights of the Shire for the County of Sussex; and that allowed, and taken by his Predecessors, establish'd by Sir Geo. , Mr. , Mr. Compton, Mr.;

Act of Common Council, and confirmed by the said Act and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill, for garbling; nor did he, or any of his Servants, to his

Knowlege, ever take his Fees for, or put his Seal to, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Fl-dion*

any Goods, without garbling or inspecting the m. the more easy polling the Freeholders at Elections of for^orfe-

That he admits, that Cloves, Cinnamon, Nutmegs, Knights of the Shire for the County of York; and that and Mace, come now from Holland generally clean, l'o the Lord Wm. Powlet. Sir Wot. , Mr. Gale, and

that a bare Inspection is only necessary, unless sometimes Mr. Peyton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill,

when they are damaged.

And he conceives, the Reason, why they come over The Orders of the Day being read;

lb clean, is, that the Dutch know they will be inspected ReJ'olveJ, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Fnljery at

here; and, if this Office be taken away, they will then night, resolve i 11 cl f into a Committee of the whole House, ^lection*-have Opportunity to impose Dust, and Sand, and other to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing Mixtures, with those Spices, upon us. Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Praflices, in

That he has known several Parcels of wild Mace, of electing Members to lerve in Parliament; and nothing no Value, imported into England. to intervene.

That several Parcels of Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, have been lately imported from the East Indies in their Resolved, That this House will, upon Thief day Seven- Strte of W'a

Soil, which have been garbled by him; and hopes, the night, take into further Consideration the State of the with sPam*

English Company may in time regain that Spice Trade. War with That the Duties on Spices are the principal Articles, by which he raises his Rent of £.300 per Annum', and Ordered, That the Petition of John Corfo, a Genoese Corfo's Lose that he is at the same Charge in keeping Servants, to at- Merchant, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday *>y Piracy, tend to inspect and seal the Spices, when clean, as to Morning next, garble them, when foul.

That he produced to the Committee a Lease to him, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Recruiting from the Grocers Company, of the garbling Duties all whole House, upon the Bill for the better recruiting her Land over England, except London, granted to that Company Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines. orce*'

by King Henry the 6th; and that he paid £. 50 as a Fine Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

for that Lease, and 20 s.per Annum reserved Rent, the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Consideration, mentioned in the'feid Lease, being only The House being informed, that there was a Difference,

for a competent Sum of Money; and pays now no who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Rent, because the Company won't support the Lease. Ordered, That Mr. Topbam do take the Chair of the

And he also produced his Admission to his Office, and Committee.

Lease of the Duties from the City, for which he pays Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-£.300 a yearly Rent; mittee.

And also a Receipt, dated the aid June, 1686, for Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

£.976. ior. paid Sir Robert Jeffries, then Lord Mayor, Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee,

as a Fine for the Office of garbling. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, Mr. Topham reported from the said Committee, that

the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz. they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations when the House will please to receive the same, contained in their several Petitions. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thurs

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, day Morning next.

That the Statute, made in the first Year of the Reign of

King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the well A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

" garbling of Spices," is become prejudicial to Trade, Rogers: vexatious to the Subject, and ought to be repealed. Mr. Speaker,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Security of That there have been divers Informations, by Colour of for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Govern* the said Act, lately prosecuted in her Majesty's Court of ment, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great er un* l' Exchequer by common Informers, and now depending tain in the Protestant Line, without any Amendment, there, by which the fair Traders within the City of Lon- And then the Messengers withdrew. don have been vexatiously, and without just Cause, put

to unnecessary Trouble and Charge, and ought to be re- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

lieved therein. Morning, Nine a Clock,

6 Ann. ii* Februarii. 539

Mercurii, 110 die Februarii;

Anno 6° Ann* Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

Importing A PETITION of the Clothiers, Shalloon-Makers, and Irish Yarn. X\. many other Persons, at , in the County of Southampton, and Places adjacent, trading and Concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of coarse Worded and Irish Yarn are daily imported, and the Stuffs made thereof are very flight, and ill wrought j whereby the Price of Wool, and the Value of

Goods, made of English Worded and Yarn, are very

much kflened, and will in a short time bealmod lodto this Nation, if the Importation of Irish Worded and Yarn be not prevented fur the future: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions, relating to the Importation of bish Yarn, were referred.

In, the Bill for the more easy polling the Freeholders at Elections of Knights of the Shire for the County of York.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Tuckfield'* Esquire, several Lands, purchased in Trust for him by Eftat*. Sir William Davie, Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 1. L. 14. after " Baronet" to insert "of the " Second Part'."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, several Lands purchased in Trust for him by Sir William Davie,

Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Importing A Bill for the Importation of Cochineal, was read a Cochineal. Second time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard

Onslow, Sir Fra. MajieamSir Isaac , Sir Cha. Turner, Sir IVm. Hodges, Sir Cullen, Mr. Pol-, lex fen, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Low! her, Mr. Ireton, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Conyers, Lord , Sir Robert

Eden, Mr Ward, Mr.. Sir Wm. Drake, Sir

Hen. Gough, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Mr.

IVytde,- Mr. Ashby, Mr. Morrjon, Sir Tho.

Mr. Coatsworth; and all the Merchants of the House,' and that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term in an Act» made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press last, L to leave out, " Lex ton," and insert "

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term in an Act, made in the seventh Year of his Lite Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich, in the County of F.ssex.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Ma/ham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Molloy's A Bill for the Relief of Margaret and Mary Molloy, Kftatt. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, Sir Fran. Sir Edward , Sir

Cha. Turner, Mr. Offley, Sir Edw. Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Henley, Mr. Morifon, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hayes, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Low they, Mr. C, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Medlicote, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ashby, Mr.

Mo/efworib, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Douglas: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kle&iona lor Ordered, That Mr. Monckton, and Mr. Jejfop, be York. added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring Vo L. 15,

Ordered, That Mr. Blijfe have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

John Bushell, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, A p«rfoft for Bribery, and other unjust Practices, in causing Tracey Pauncefort, Esquire, to be elected a Member of this charged. House, was (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Bushell be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Tracey Pauncefort, Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant Person ia at Arms, was (according to Order) brought to the Bar; Custody where he was examined as to some Matters in relation to exaIuine<^ the late Elect ion for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts:

And afterwards was, by Direction of the House, re manded into Custody.

A Petition of John Gachon, in the behalf of himself, Frmy

and for Mary Bacalan, and Hester Bacalan, Heirs to rrear*‘

Colonel Bacalan, formerly Aid de Camp, deceased, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that the said Colonel served his late Majesty King William, as Aid de Camp to his respective Generals in the late War, for which Service there is due to him a Sum of Money (as there is to the rest of th - A ids de Camp, who have petitioned the House) he having not been paid, by a considerable Time, so far, as his Generals, tho' all other Officers are fully paid off: And praying, that his Services may be taken into Consideration, and he be relieved, by granting Debentures, or otherwise, as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Sutton, and others, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill to explain the A&> of the last Session Salt carried of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects Coastwise, in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to explain the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, and also an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, in relation to certain Salt-works near the Sea Side, and Bay of Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Meffegc

Thompfons

Grant*

Militia of Scotland*

State of the Navy.

Ways and Meant.

Manner of

driving Waggons on Highways.

Tone

Navigation*

540 ix® — 12° Februarii. 1707.

A Mefluge from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.'

Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making good to William Esquire, the

Benefit intended to be granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the Second, in lieu of the Site of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things, by them furtendered to, and now enjoyed by, the Grown; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlanwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. King do carry , the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Srate of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruilers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Oiiflow reported from the Committee, that they had further examined the Matter relating to Commodore Kerr, and had heard him in relation thereunto; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Monckton, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Proby, Mr. Baljb, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Wort ley,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Roger Bird, Richard Hales, and divers other Waggoners, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 120 die Februarii;

Anno 6s Annas Reginae, 1707. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Grand Jury of the Court of Sewers for the River Tone, in the County of tnerjet, wasprclcnted to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners, pursuant to the Oath, taken upon their Admidion into this Trust, have made several Views yearly of the said River, in order to present all Annoyances they should find; but could never find, that the Locks, and half Locks, erected by the Conservators of the said River, did, or could, contribute to the Inundation of the adjacent Country, or the Prejudice of any Person, because the Top of ihofe Locks are much lower than the Banks of the River, and rather preserve the Lands adjacent from being Overflowed, and the half Locks only in use, when the Water is very' low; and, for that the now Navigation from Ham Mills to Taunton hath been a considerable Advantage to that Part of the Country, the Petitioners are well allured, that, if the said River were made compleatly navigable from Bridgwater to Ham Mills, it would be much more for their Advantage: And praying, that all due Encouragement may

be given to the said Conservators, for finishing the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Sir Patrick Dun, Rt'pp^nS* and others, was read the Third time. ' i:n'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the Relief of Sir Patrick Dun, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Molesworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Captain Theodore Dury, her Majesty's Dory's Claim chief Engineer in the North of Great Britain, was pre- onEquiw fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the lent* Petitioner has possessed the Office of chief Engineer ever since the Resolution, by virtue of a Commission under the Privy Seal, with the Pay of £. 10 Month; and that there is an Arrear of £. 146. 18/. due to him, as appears by a Certificate from the Lords of the Treasury in Scotland, dated 24th Apr. 1707; but the same not determining, in what Clals, either Civil or Military, it should be placed, in order to its being paid out of the Equivalent, the Petitioner prays, that the said Arrear may be placed on the Military Lift, in order to the Payment thereof out of the Equivalent.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Representation of the Commissioners, for the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, are referred j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House; and that the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the more effec- Discovering tual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates pounded» after their Deaths, be read the Third time upon this Day u alive. Seven-night.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom irifU Arrear*. the Petition of the three French Regiments of Foot, late of Major General La Melonitre, Brigadier and the Right honourable the Lord Lifford, formerly Brigadier Ducambon, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared

to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners were upon the English Establishment of the Forces for the Reduction of Ireland, from the first of Sept.

1689,/ to the 31st of Decent. 1691, and were paid Subsistence accordingly from the 31st of Decern. 1691, to the 20th May, 1692, for so many Men, as they muflered, and also Subsistence, and Clearings, from the 20th of May, 1692, to the first of May, 1693, at which Time they were first put under the Earl ot Ranelagh's Care.

That the late King William figoed an Establishment, to commence the first of January, 169L for that Kingdom, which at first extended to fifteen Regiments of Foot, whereof the Petitioners (the three French Regiments) and the Regiment of Frederick Hamilton, made four; but his Majesty was pleased to call these four Regiments into England in May, 1692, before the same came to the Paymaster's Hands, and thereupon struck out these four Regiments, and signed another Establishment, to commence the said first of Jan. 169J, which, instead of the 15 Regiments at first intended, did comprehend no more than Eleven, the said four Regiments, viz. La Melioniere, Lord Lifford, Bclcnftell, and Frederick Hamilton, being left out j by which Means no Account of the Petitioners Arrears has hitherto been made up for the Months of January, February, , and April,

1692, nor could they obtain their Clearings in Ireland,

because,

12° Februarii.

6 Ann.

54*

because they were not upon the Irish Establishment for the eleven Regiments.

That Frtierick Hamilton's Regiment hath been cleared by England to the first of May, 1693.

That on the ift of March1698, the House resolved. That there be allowed, upon Account, out of the

8co, oooo granted to his Majesty, for ditbanding the Army, l£c. to clear the Arrears of Pay due to the Lord Gallway's Regiment of Horse, Major General La -loniere, Lord Lifford, and Brigadier Beicaftelfs Regiment of Foot, now in Ireland, for the Time they served there, duiing the War, and until they were put under the Care of -the Pay matter General of the Forces in England, the Sum of34,813. 5 r.

That the Committee could not state neither their regimental or their particular Accounts, because the Muster-rolls are in Ireland, and the Parties interested are for the most part abroad in the Service, in Spain, and elsewhere, and some Prisoners in France.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

Tone Then the Counsel were called in, to be heard against,

Navigation. ancj for> tjje gjj for t^e

more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and upon the several Petitions, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, till the Bill was read a Second time.

And the Bill was (according to Order) read a Second time; and the Counsel on both Sides were heard; and several Witnesses were examined on both Sides.

And then th'e Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

rr M c,t v f Lord Wm. Powlet,

Tellers for the Yeas, lUi.Patm,:

Tellers for the Noes,{ jf";

J'54-

J 9'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clark, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. IVroth,

Sir Fra. Masham, Sir IValt. Tonge, Mr. King, Mr. Here, Mr. Jervois, Sir Jof. Je Lord Bruce, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Pocktington, Mr. Hampden, Sir John Guise, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Tates, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Holland, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Masters, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir John Erjkin, Mr. Mr. Cock burn.

Sir Patrick Hume, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Peyton, Sir John Cropley, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Vernon, Mr.; and all, that serve

for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccoks and Mr. Fe/lowes:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An nuiUea. An Act for raising further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds per A, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of F.xcise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cruisers ami The House (according to Order) resumed the ad-Convoys. journed Debate upon the Clause to the Bill for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom.

Vo l. 15.

And the same was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Shares of the Seamen shall go to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, if not demanded in a certain Time after publick Notice.

And the Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions against the Importation of Irish Yam, was referred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Topham (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed untQ by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of Peace shall meet timely, for issuing their first Warrants to the Constables, to make a general Search for all Persons within the Description of the Bill.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Secretary of War shall keep in his Office an alphabetical Book of all lifted Persons.

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Persons suspe<Sted of Felony.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers and Soldiers, that served in the Defence of Londonderry, be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Francis Esquire, in

relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom, be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered That Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dolhen, Mr.

Sir Edw. Lawrence, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wallis, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp, is referred.

6 X Ordered,

Importing Irish Yarn.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Officers concerned in defence of Lon-dondery.

AnnefleyV

Estate.

State of the Navy.

Army

Arrears.

542 i2° — i3°

Importing Ordered, That Mr. Cox and Mr. Chomley be added Cochineal, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Importation of Cochineal, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 130 Februarii;

Anno 6® Ann* Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

pETER Elers, Christian Levie, Ifac de Daniel Poyen, Wilhelm Van Lent, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Thomas and A Bill to make two large Fly-Boats one

g &c* called the Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and l*>8‘ Jane, free Ships, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Aijlaby, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Mr. An-

nejley, Mr. Skippon, Sir John Sir Wm.

Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. BrMr. Fol.y, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Iretcn, Mr. Graunt, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Nicholas,

Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. MSir Pat. Johnston, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Campbell, Sir Alexander Douglas, Mr. Herne,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Cook, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir James Campbell, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. , Mr.

Wallis, Mr. Monfott, Mr. Winington, Sir Rich. Onjlozv, Mr. Fulham, Sir Harvey Elzves, Mr. Coatsworth, Lord Pozvlet, Mr. Tates, Mr. Cox; and all the Members, that serve for the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Maiseaux's, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for naturalizing Peter Des Francis Heilman,

John Rifteau, Peter Bcuvot, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Diston, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Graunt, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Guise, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bnrlace, Mr. Mot Jon, Sir Gough, Mr. Hern, Mr. Freman, Mr. Dyot, Mr.

Mr. Topham, Mr. Ojfley, Mr. Raljh, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Brewer, Sir Hen. Liddell, Sir Robert Pollock, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Erjhin, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Mr. Clark, Mr. Pole,

Mr. Skippon, Mr. Chambers: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Importing Sir Richard OnJIczv reported from the Committee, to Cochineal, whom the Bill for the Importation of Cochineal, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by . one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon*

agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bond's Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Belief. whom the Bill for the Relief of Sir Henry Bond, Baronet, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

.. . Ordered,- That the Bill be ingrossed.

Portsmouth Mr. Fulham reported from the Committee, to whom

Hwhcnr. the Petition of Benjamin Joules was referred, the Mat-

Feiruarii. A. 1707.

ter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to; report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

That the Committee having examined into the Allegations of the said Petition,

It-appeared by a Report of Samuel Esquire,

to the Navy Board, dated the 7th of February, 170^, that the Bank, called the middle Bank, and the Shoal on Gosport Side of Portsmouth Hat boor, was very much increased; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Harbour, if Vessels and Men were employed to remove the said Shoals.

That the Petitioner produced another Report of Henry Greenhill, Esquire, to the Navy Board, w ho was

ordered to survey the said Harbour; who reported to the same Purpose; and further reported, that the taking up of Ballast from Blockhouse Point, the Ground is loll on, that Point about 20 Yard*, which hath very much damaged that Harbour, by stirring the Soil, a great Part _ _ of which hath lodged in the Bay, between Gosport and the Point.

Upon which said Reports, the Commissioners of the Navy ordered a Publication, for contrafting'with any Person to serve her Majesty's Ships with Ballast.

Accordingly the 6th of July, 1703, the Petitioner contracted with the said Commissioners to serve the Navy with Ballast; viz. to rransport and carry off to Spithead, or St. Hellens, if Occasion shall require, on board any of her Majesty's ships and Vessels, all such Ballast, as shall be required, finding Hoys, Ballast, and Men; to transport at the Rate of 12 d. pTon; and to trank port and carry Ballast on boat d, and receive the same* from, any of her Majesty's Ships in Harbour, finding Hoys, Men, and Ballast, at his own Charge, at Nine Pence per Ton; as by the said Contract (which was produced to the Committee) appears.

That it all'o appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, pursuant to the said' Contraft, hath served the Navy with Ballad ever since the 6th of 1703, from off his own Ground.

That it appeared also to the said Committee, by a Contrail, made the 21st of December, 1698, by Richard Arden, of London, Lighterman, who agreed with the Commissioners of the Navy for taking up of Ballast at Chatham, at the Rate of 13 d. p Ton, which is per Ton more, than the Petitioner proposes to have at PortJmoutH.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it will very much conduce to the publick Service, if a Method was settled, for the better and more speedy ballasting her Majesty's Men of War, and other Ship?, as also for removing and preventing the Shoals within the Harbour of Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

The two first of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houfo.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Fulham and Mr. Jervois do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the better recruiting her Ma- Recruiting jesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was read the the Lund Third time. I ou-e*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Service of the Year 170S.

Ordered,

6 Ann.

r j* Februarii.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Croifers and An ingrossed Bill for the better securing the Trade of Convoys, this Kingdom, was read a Third time.

The Amendments following were- severally proposed to be made to the B;ll; viz.

Prels i. L. Vo leave out "Northern," and insert " North-eastand after " Coast" to insert " of Great Britain ;"

L. To leave out " Western," and insert " North-weft;" and after " Coast" to insert " of Great Britain

Press 7. L. 9. After " Collectors" to insert " for " the Custorus

Press 8. L. After Majesty's" to insert " Ser-

" vice."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Till amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/vcd, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom byCruifcis and Convoys.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

DucLv of Cornwall J-Caies*

Mr. SccbeU (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable her Majesty to make Leafesand Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel ot her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and the same was received.

Hrtcket's A Petition of John Backet, Esquire, an Infant, by Estate. Pierce IValjh, Gentleman, his Guardian (presented to the House the sixth Instant) was read; letting forth, that in April, 1685, the Petitioner's Father, Sir Tho. Hacket, late of Dublin, deceased, being a clear Man from Debts, did, in pursuance of Articles made before Marriage, make a Settlement of his whole Estate, whereby a Jointure was secured for the Petitioner's Mother, Provision for younger Children, and Maintenance for the eldtft Son, and also for Payment of such Debts, as he should owe at his Death, by Judgment, or other Specialties, and was only Tenant for Life, with Remainders over in Tail Male: That afterwards the said Sir became indebted to several Persons, and in 1674, upon Appl cation of his Creditors, and with his own Corifent, an Act of Parliament passed in Ireland, for veiling his Estate in certain Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; but the Saving in the said Act was sufficient to preserve the Petitioner's Title: That the Petitioner's Father died in 1706, leaving issue the Petitioner, his only Son, and "five Daughters, all unprovided for; after whose Death the said Settlement was found amongst his Papers; and several of the moll eminent Lawyers in England are of Opinion, that the Petitioner's Right was preservd by the said laving Clause, and that the Trustees Power by the said Act determined upon the Death of the Petitioner's Father: That in the lad Sc-ffion of Parliament in Ireland the Creditors applied for a Second, Act (as they pretended) to explain the former, and prevailed so far, as to obtain an Act, to set aside the said Marriage Articles, and Settlement, without the least Pretence of Fraud, or any Regard to the Petitioner's Title, or giving him any Opportunity of trying his Right, either in Law or Equity; so that he is utterly - reined iless, unless relieved by the House, who are the great Prclervers of the People's Property: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Acts, and to restore the Petitioner to such Estate and Right, as he had before the passing

thereof, subject to such Regulations, as shall leem reasonable, he being willing to pay his Father's Debts, according to the Settlement and Provision for that: Pur-pple.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

V$ l. 15,

543

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Hen,

Colt, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Molesworth, Serjeant Corny ns, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Curfon, Sir Geo. Beaumont,

Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Tho. Manfell, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. lington, M r. Moncrijf, Sir Fra. Maf Sir Har-court, Mr. Motif on, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mufgr Mr. Aiflaby,

Sir Peter Hacket, Mr. Bert, Mr. Harley, Mr. cobell,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Woollaston: And they are to meet this >'

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Message by Mr. Afion, Deputy Gentleman Ulher Royal Assent of the Black Rod: *° Bl

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen hath granted a Commission under the Great Sea!, for passing the Royal Assent to those Bills, which have been agreed to by both Houses of Parliament; and the Lords, commissioned by the Queen, desire, this honourable House would immediately come up, with their Speaker, to the House of Peers, to be present at the passing thereof.

Accordingly Mr Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty's Commission was read; and that the Lords, commissioned by her Majesty, had passed the Iloyal Assent to the several publickand private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities, charged on a Fund, not exceeding £. 40/200 per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One-third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned:

An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line:

An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more intire and complete:

An Act for repairing, amending, and enlarging, the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and also several other Highways, leading to and through the said City, and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there:

An Act for vesting in Ralph Freman, the younger,

Esquire, and his Heirs, divers Manors and Lands in the County of Essex, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, he having lettled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for naturalizing Katherine , Daughter of Sir William Clerke, Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Marcos Dos Santos:

An Act for making good to Wm. , Esquire,

flie Benefit intended to be granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles the 2d, in lieu of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things, by them surrendered to, and now enjoyed by,

the Crown.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for East Tarbett making a Harbour at East Tarbett, in the Shire of Harbour. Argilt; anci that Sir James Campbell, Mr Sir David Da/rymple, and Mr. Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Ways a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an<* ^l8aHS* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left- the Chair.

;q Mr.

544

r 3* — 114° Februarii.

A.

1707.

Mr. Cenyers took the Chair of the Committee. until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen,'and Common

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other had made some Progress in the Matter to them re- Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City ferred; and had directed him to move, that they may of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions against have Leave to fit again. the Importation of Irish Yarn, are referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , That the Considertion of the Report from

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Committee, to whom it was referred to esquire, what

Expiring

Law*.

the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Droitwick Ordered, That Mr. , Mr. Bnrridge, Sir

Salt Springs. Walter Yonge, Mr. Dist, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs in Droitwick, in the County of is committed.

Laws were expired, or expiring, and to report what were fit to be revived, and continued, and who reported, that the Acts to restrain the Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers, were fit to be continued, be adjourned till this Day Month.

Manner of drawing Waggons on Highways.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Duchy of

Cornwall

Leases.

Hacket's

Estate.

A Petition of Alexander Cunningham was pretented to Cunning-the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner having ditburs'd 150 in the publick Service, her oni^UI>' enll* Majesty gave him a Warrant on her Treasury of Scotland for his Reimbursement, but not being paid before the Union, the Lords of the Treasury gave him a Certificate, that the same was due out of the Equivalent," payable Ordered, That Mr. Woodroff, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Fulham, out of the Civil List; which being divided into itveral

Ordered, That Mr. Monckton, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Wallis, Mr. PelhamMr. Proby, Ml\ BalJJi, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Roger Bird \Richard Hales, and other Waggoners, is

referred.

Sir Rujbout Cullen, Mr. Stevens, Mr. , be added

to the Committee, to whom it is referred to receive Proposals in relation to the covering the Cupolo of St. Poufs Church, in London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 14* di;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, x 707.

Prayers.

ABI L L to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Clafies, the Commissioners of the Equivalent are under some Difficulty, how to place the Petitioner's Debt: And praying, that his same may be referred to the Committee, for considering the Distribution of the Equivalent, and that he may be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee, to whom the llepresenta-tion of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Scotch her Majesty, that she will please to give Directions, that Public Debt*, a List of all Accounts and Debts, due to the Publick in Scotland, from the 27th Day of May, 1689, to the first of Maylaft, which have not been accounted for to the

Treasury there, and by them discharged, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

to whom the Petition of John Hacket, Esquire, is re- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her

ferred, that they do give due Notice to the Creditors, and all Parties concerned, so as they may be heard before the Committee, before the Report be made upon the said Petition.

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Importing Irish Yarn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the late Tack of the CustOms in Scotland, A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers, Dyers, together with Copies of the original Books of the Ccl-Weavers, Spoolers, Tuckers, and other Manufacturers lectors of the respective Ports there, belonging to the in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Parishes of late Tacksmen, for the Year ending the first of May last, Bedminster, Bujleton, Keynfham, Chew Magna, Chew Stoke, as also a Copy of the general Book of the said Tacksmen, Pensford, Whitchurch, and several other Parishes and may be laid before this House.

Places in the County of Somerset, on behalf of themselves, Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her and thousands of others, concerned in the same Manu- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her facture, was presented to the House, and read; setting Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, forth, that the Petitioners have been bred up in the

Woollen Manufactures, and have no other way to subsist; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to which have been principally supported by the Importa- # the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for tion of Irish Yarn, which, being mixt with English Yarn, the electing a Citizen for the City of , in the

hath enabled the Makers of the Woollen Manufacture ~

to afford the same at such reasonable Rates, as to fell it in foreign Markets before any other foreign Woollen Manufactures, and to furnish them with a sufficient

Scotch

Custonu.

Wtftmi after Wnt.

room of Henry Boyle, Esquire, appointed one of her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Whitchurch

" " " ‘ ‘ Election,

Quantity, whereby the Petitioners have had their Employ, Privileges and Electionsj touching the Election for the and Support; and if the Importation of Irish Yarn Borough of , be made upon Tuesday Mom-

should be prohibited, it will ruin the Petitioners, and be a Disadvantage to the whole Kingdom, because there are not Hands enough to {pin the Yam, necessary for carrying on its Trade, and, they believe, no Spinner, or Comber, in this Nation wants Work in the Wool it

ing next.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Security and produces; and therefore the Discouragement of combing Encouragement of the American Trade, and nothing to and spinning in Ireland mud be detrimental to the whole intervene;

Woollen Trade of this Kingdom: And praying the And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to leave the Chair; do what they think proper therein. The House divided:

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, the Noes go forth:

Tellers

American

Trade.

Importing Irish Yarn.

Committees.

Bigot's

Belief.

Maizeauxsj Ac. Nat.

bolvtiit

Utbwrf-

6 Ann. 140 —

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for tKeNoes, fjj*, j S3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed hifti to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved \That this House will, upon this Day Seven-pight, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions, against the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred, be received upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock, and

nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Corfo, a Genoese Merchant, be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Granville, Mr. Mr.

cawen, Mr. Harley, Mr. HuMr. Offley, Mr.

Southivell, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Thornbagh, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Elenor Bagot, is committed.

Februarii. 545

Debtors; and the same was received, and read the first time.

Rejplved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, York to whom the Bill for the publick registering of all R.giftor. Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall hereafter be made of, or that may assess, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; that they had made some Amendments, to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, shall sign every Leaf of the Register Books.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preventing the better preventing the Mischiefs, that happen by Fire; Mischiefc by and that Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Annesley, Sir Henry Dutton Fire*

Colt, and Mr. Peyton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Panishing continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny and and false Mullers; and that Mr. Moor and Mr. Brewer Desertion. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenville, Sir Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Gale, Mr. Rice, Mn Bacon, Sir Harvey Elwes, Mr. Neville, Sir Pair. , Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter Des Maizeaux, Francis Heilman, and others, is committed.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Eleaion* House, a Bill for the Ease of the Freeholders of the for Suffer. County of Suffer, attending the Election of Knights of the Shire for that County; and the same was received, and read the First; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secpnd time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, i(? die Februarii;

Anno 6* Ann* Regin*, 1707. Praters.

S IR Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Ease of insolvent

Mr. Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Sutton, Colonel James Crofts, Colonel George Joffelyn, Captain Lewis and others. Aids de Camp to several General Officers in the Tate War, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

Arm f Arreara.

That by attested Copies of the King William's Warrants, dated Nov, 1697, and the 20th De-

cember, 1699, and other Evidence, it appeared to the Committee, that Colonel Richard Sutton was Aid deCamp to Count Nassau.

And that there is an Arreaj of Pay due to him, from the last Day of December, 1696, to the last Day of December, 1697, being one Year,

10 s. per Diem, amounts to ——

As also the Year's Bounty, given by this House, which, at the fame? P-y , amounts to - - - J

That the same Sum appeared to be due, for the same Service, to Captain Lexis Boifragon, as Aid de Camp to Mr. Averqtiere -As also that Year's Bounty, which amounts to-That it appeared to the Committee, that Colonel James Crofts was Aid deCamp to the Prince of Vaudemont \ and that there is an Arrear of his Pay due to him, from the said last Day of December, 1696, to the last Day December, 1697, which, at 15 s. per Diem, amounts to - As also the Year's Bounty, which amounts to -, . -

-i

L

s.

182 to

182 10

273 is

182 10

182 10

*73 *S

Vol. 15.

6 X

That

Leicester W oi k house.

Laws relating to Servants.

Plymouth V\ or Whouse.

Earl of Exeter's Eft ate.

Kelief of Col. Saver▼.

16° Februarii.

A. 1707

That the same Sum appeared to be due, for the same Service, to Captain }' Chr. Smeitaw., Aid de Camp to the said Prince Vaudemont - - - )

As also the Year's Bounty, which amounts to

As also to Colonel Hen. Durell, for the said Year's Bounty, for the SerO vice of Aid de Camp to the said Pr. Vaudemont -

It also appeared, that Colonel Wm. Lloyd was Aid de Camp to General 1 Churchillj and that there is the aforesaid Year's Arrear of Pay due to him > at 10 s. per Diem, which amounts to - - - - -J

As also the aforesaid Year's Bounty, which amounts to - . - -

273 15

182 10

Total of the Arrear of Pay, due to the Petitioners, is >- - - 1*095 —

Total of the Year's Bounty is ——

Which together amount to the Sum of - - - --: —

273 *5

273

1S2 10

1,368 15

2.463 >5

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Petitioners; and that Mr. cazven and the Lord IVm. Po do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Geo Beaumont (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Borough of Lc'tcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there; and the same was received.

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect the Laws relating to Servants, and to consider, how the same might be made more effectual; that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And1 which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and areas follow; viz.

Resolved, Tint, upon perusal of the Statute of the 5th of Queen Elizabeth, relating to Servants, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Testimonial, therein mentioned, is deficient, for that it does not certify the Fidelity and good Behaviour of the Servant, thereby licenlld to depart from his or her Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all menial Servants be obliged to proeme a Testimonial of their Fidelity and good Behaviour in their Service, from which they depart, before they are capable ofbeing retained in any other Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That proper Otlicers be appointed for the regillering and preserving such Testimonials.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the* said Resolutions; and that Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Byer/cy, and Mr. Pocklington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Mcflige from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Fellozves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords h ave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of PUmouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on work, and maintaining them there, without any Amendment: ,

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John, now Earl of,

pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth, Couniefs of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are mentioned therein; to which the Lords defue the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Francis Mcfhr.m reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill lor the Belief of Lieutenant Colonel John bavery, was committed, that they had made an

Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to

report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendment was twice read, and is as followed); viz.

At the End of the Bill add, *. it shall and may. be " lawful to and for the Right honourable Richard,

" Earl of Ranelagh, of the Kingdom of Ireland, late " Paymaster General of her Majesty's Forces (who is " hereby authorized and impowered, dire, sted, and required, forthwith so to do) to make out, and deliver " to the said Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, or his " Assigns, one or more Debenture or Debentures for " the Sum of £.2,609. 10 8 with Interest after " the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from " the 25th Day of December, 1701, to the same Efteft,

" and in as full, large, ample, and beneficial, Manner,

" to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Debentures -have been heretofore made out, and delivered, for Services done and performed in Ireland, to " any Officer or Officers of the Army, in pursuance of " any Act or Acts of Parliament."

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas fSir Francn

1 CJ1CII> tur IUC X Cdd)*vo* r 1 j T / IU7.

(Sir a award Lawrence: } 1

Teller for the Noes.j } Sr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Onslow (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the State of the Navy of this Kingdom, and of the State of the Trade of the Nation, in relation to Convoys and Cruisers, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Complaint of Mr . Woodand other Merchants, against Captain Ker, in relation to the Neptune Sloop, and Martha Gaily, and also in relation to three other Sloops, which were under Convoy of the Experiment Man of War, hath been fully proved and made out.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Complaint of Mr. Wood, and other Merchants, against Captain Kerr,

in relation to the Neptune Sloop, and Gaily,

and also in relation to three other Sloops, which were under Convoy of the Experiment Man of War, hath been fully proved and made out.

Resolved, That the Trade to the West Indies, being of great Advantage and Benefit to Great Britain, hath, by Captain William Kerr exacting exorbitant Sums of Money from the Merchants for Convoys, whilst he commanded a Squadron of her Majesty's Ships of War in the West Indies, been greatly obstructed and prejudiced.

Sta'e of Navy.

;ci

13 C. II. for governing Navies.

Caldecott's

£ltate.

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Hamilton's

£state.

6 Ann. i6° — 170

Resolved, That the requiring or demanding of Money for Convoys is illegal, oppressive to Merchants, and de-structive to Trade.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, laying before her the said Resolutions; and humbly ddiring, that her Majesty will be pleased not to employ the said Captain Kerr in her Majesty's Service for the future.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address;

And it is referred to Sir Richard Sir Wm.

Strickland, Mr. Bote/cr, Mr. , Lord Powlet. Lord

Coningsby, Mr. Farrer, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Hillerfden, Sir 'fames -bell, Mr. Morrijon, Sir John Guise, Mr. , Sir Wm,

Withers, Sir John Hawles, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Cope, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Moore: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, take into Consideration the Act, of the 13th Year of King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders, for regulating, and better Government of, his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, made in the fiill Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, An Act for raising Fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott, Esquire; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they bad come to several Resolutions, which they had dinefted him to^eport, when the House will please to receive the farm?'

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committes be adjourned.

Ordered, That Major General Merdaunt. Sir Cope, Mr. Snell, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Manley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cl ay ion, Mr. Molsworth, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Morley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Fulham, Mr. Cockburne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill lor Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, is committed.

A.nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Februarii* 547

Martis, 170 die Februarii;

Anno 6* Annae Regina:, 1707.

Prayers.

ABI L L for the erecting a Workhouse in the Bd- Leicester rough of Leicester, and for setting the Poor on work Workhouse. there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers, Weavers,. Importing Dyers, Salters, and others, concerned in the Woollen l*ith Yarn; Manufacture, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they understand, the Prohibition of the Importation of Irish Yarn is attempted, which, if effected, will ruin the Petitioners for want of Work, because Hands cannot be found here, to spin the Irish Wool, if brought over unwrought, and consequently they cannot have Yarn to carry on their Trades; nor can it be any Advantage to the Nation, because, without it, we cannot make so great a Quantity of the Woollen Manufactures, as foreign Parts require; and if they should be made without it, they will be at so dear Rates, that Foreigners will undersell us abroad: And praying the Consideration of the House therein, so as not to suffer the Petitioners to be undone, and made miserable.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and bther Petitions, relating to the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) presented to the-0arU.na House, a Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of Spices. ° King James the first, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Sir Bond, Ba - Reverting ronet, was read the Third time. Bond's At-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title tamder' be, An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Baronet, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition bf Richard Park, late of London, Mer- Park's Debt chant, was presented to the House, and read; setting to the Crown. forth, that the Petitioner traded as a Merchant above twenty Years, in which Time he paid above £. 60,000 Customs; but now stands indebted to her Majesty by several Bonds for Customs, which he is no ways able to pay, all his Estate being seized by the Commissioners of the Customs, his, and himself and Family (by Losses at Sea, and otherwise) rendered incapable to subsist:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner for his said Debt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that Mr.

Ward and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the Importation of Cochineal, importing was read the Third time. Cochineal.

RJolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal, during the War, and for six Months after.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Burnet be added to the Laws relat-Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, ing to Ser-Vo L. 15., upon vauts.

548 17° Februarii. A. 1707.

upon the Resolutions Yesterday, for Regulation of Ser- , That Mr. Dolben do carry die Bill to the

vants. Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

fays Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the

M*ans' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House* which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Fund, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, be settled and established for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to commence from 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the said yearly Fund, one Moiety or half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money, payable upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were given and granted unto his late Majesty King Charles the 2d, for his Life, by an Act, of the 12th Year of his Reign, and which byleveral subsequent Acts, have been granted to continue till the first Day of Au-gufi, 1712, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported or brought into Great Britain, after the last Day of , 171Z, for the Term of Ninety-lix Years from thence next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Fund, not exceeding £.80,000 Annum,

be applied to the Payment of Annuities for the said Ninety-nine Years, which any Persons will voluntarily purchase, towards railing any Sums not exceeding One million Two hundred Eighty thousand Pound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That out of the said Purchase-money Provision be made of so much, as shall be necessary to be reserved to make good the quarterly Payments of the said Annuities, lo to be purchased, till the said yearly Fund can take place for discharging the fame, and that the rdidueof the said Purchase-money be applied towards her Majesty's Supply, for carrying on the War.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. , Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

>ef5& at t>ions.

icfley's

state.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the ingrafted Bill for the Relief of Francis Esquire,

in relation to his Purchase of Lands in under the

Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass* and that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Francis Annejley, Esquire,-in relation to his Purchase of Lands in Ireland under the Title of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in that Kingdom.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privi- Whitchur^ leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, EKiwo. touching the Election for the Borough of Whit church, in the County of Southampton, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolutions, in at the Clerk's Table* where the same were read, and are as follow viz.

Upon the Petition of Charles Withers, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Frederick Tilney, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton:

That the Right of Election tfas agreed to be in the Freeholders of the Borough.

That, upon the Poll, there were*

For the Petitioner 32, without the Mayor:

For the fitting Member 32, with the Mayor.

That the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that the Mayor-ought not to vote, unless the Numbers were equal.

That they also infilled, that the Mayor had refused two Persons, who had a Right to vote, and offered their Votes for the Petitioner; and allowed six Persons, viz.

JoJ. Wood, Fra. Codings, Tho, Hack, Richard Talmage, Robert Bunny, junior, Richard Bunny, to vote for the fitting Member, who had no Right to vote.

As to the Persons refuted,

Mr. Ri. Feltham, Mr. Nick. Brackfion, said, that

Clement Taylor, and Thomas Taylor, his Son, were both Freeholders in possession, and called out of the Mayor's Lift: That the Father had voted constantly for 30 Years; and that the Son hath had his Freehold eight or nine Years: And both offered their votes for the Petitioner, and were refused.

That, as to the six Persons, who were admitted to vote for the fitting Member, the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that they were Iplit Votes, contrary to the Act, made in that Cafe* and called several Witnesses; viz.

Nich. Brackfion, James Osman* the Purport of whole

Evidence was, Joseph Wood and Francis had each

of them an Acre in Burgage Field, which 9 or 10 Years -since were the Freehold ot Nich. Brackfion, and by him sold to one Painter, which by mesne Conveyances afterwards came to the said Wood and Collins', and that these Lands lay a Quarter of a Mile from Mr. Brackfions House:

That Thomas Hack was seised of an Acre a little befote the Election, Part of a Tenement, formefly belonging to Edward Pierce, and purchased of one Cox, which Cox was refused to vote:

That Richard Talmage pretended to a vote on Account of a Freehold, he purchased from Clement Taylor, which, they did believe, did not belong to him, because Taylor received the Rent: ,

That, as to the two Bunnys, they said, that Robert Bunny, senior, their Father, had three Acres in Burgage Field j and that Robert Bunny and Richard Bunny, his Sons, voted on Account of one Acre, which each pretended they had by Gift from their Father* but the Father received the Rent, and in 1705 had let a Leafq of the fame, together with other Lands, to one Peter Pointer, for the Term of seven Years.

And Geo. Paint on, one of the AflclTors for the Parish, laid, that none of those Six, in respect of their said Estates, were alfdTed to the Church, Poor, Or Queen's Tax.

That, as to the Carriage of the Mayor, they called

William BiUU who laid, that, about ten Days before the Election, the Mayor and he was in Company at the White Hart Inn in Whitchurch; and the Mayor declared, that, if the V otes came to be near, he would adjourn the Poll, or at lealt he could pretend to step out of the Court about Business: And said, he would return him, that came tnoft heie, pointing with one Hand

to

6 Ann. 170 Februarii. 54

to the other, as if he told Money. He acknowledged, that he himself voted for the Petitioner, and had but an Acre and an Half; and said, that the Custom had been for six or seven Years last past, that, if a Person had an Acre of Freehold, he was admitted to vote; and that the Lands in Burgage Field give a Right to Common; and that the Tenements in the Borough have no Right to Common.

That the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that the Mayor had a calling Voice in this Cafe: That the two Baylors, refused by the Mayor, had po Right to vote; and that the six Persons, excepted to by the Petitioner's Counsel, had a Right to vote: That they should disqualify four, that voted for the Petitioner, and add one to their own Poll.

And as to Clement Taylor, and his Son,;

Mr. John Foyle gave an Account, that Mr. Clement Taylor, and his Son, about the Year 1702 had failed in the World; and that the Tenements, the said Taylors pretended to vote for, were made over to Mr. Richard Bradburn, in Consideration of his paying the said Taylors Debts (and they produced a Deed to that Purpose, dated the 27th Jan. 1702) and that Bradburn mortgaged the two Tenements to one Perry, for £.100. Which was admitted by the Petitioner's Counsel.

That, as to the six Persons, excepted to by the Petitioner's Counsel, the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that one Acre of Burgage Land was sufficient to entitle a Person to a Vote: And for that they read a Report, made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, upon an Election, contelled between Mr. , the then Petitioner, and Mr. Wooll and Mr. Shrimpton, then fitting Members; in which the Counsel on both Sides agreed, that the Right of Election was in those, that had a Burgage House, or one Acre of Burgage Land, for Life, either in their own Right, or in the Right of their Wives.

Mr. Foyle said, Mr. Wood had voted before in the Election of Mr. Parke, but was then excepted to, because he had but Half an Acre; and that now he had a whole Acre.

That they also produced the Conveyance to Fra. Collins, dated 20th April, 1706, for one Acre of Land in Burgage Field; which Conveyance was made by the Tru flees, appointed by Act of Parliament, for Sale of Mr. Dean's Estate.

That, as to Richard Talmage, the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that he being in Possession, and the Petitioner's Evidence not proving, that any other Person had a Right to it, he ought to be look'd upon as a good Vote.

That, as to the two Bunnys, they examined Robert Bunny, their Father; who said, that he had actually conveyed to each of his Sons an Acre; and that they were in Possession: However, he owned, he let the Land, and received the Rent; but he said, he paid it over to his Sons; and that Mr. Andrew Withers desired his Sons Votes for the Petitioner.

That, as to Tho. Hack, the fitting Member's Counsel offered a Conveyance from , which the Petitioner's Counsel admitted; but alleged, that Cox had been refused to vote at former Elections.

That in the next Place, the fitting Member's Counsel offered Evidence as to one, to be added to their Poll, viz. William Painter.

And they produced a Conveyance made to him, dated the 20th of March, 1704, from Painter, his Father.

And Mr. Foyle said, he offered to vote for the fitting Member, and was refused, as a new Vote, as he thought, his Tenement adjoining to his Father's, who voted: But Wm. Painter, the Father, laid, his Son's was a distinct Tenement, and has been so these 40 Years; and that he had paid him Rent for it.

That, as to the Four of the Petitioner's Votes, they excepted to,

Vo U

John Carter said, that, as to John Whitehead, he believed, he had no Vote; for that the House was his Mother's; and that he, the said Carter, had received the Rent for the said Whitehead's Mother, to Michaelmas last, and had a Receipt for it; but Whitehead took up that Receipt in January last, and gave another in his own Name for the said Rent: but he admitted, the said White-head had voted at a former Election; and that he had carried Mr. Woollajion to him, to desire his Vote.

Nath. Martin said, Whitehead came into Possession the 27th of January last.

Bunny, senior, said, he fold a Piece of Land to Tho. Mason's Father, 30 Years ago, on which he erected a Tenement: That he did not look upon it to be within the Borough, and had been told by ancient Men, it was not; and that, whilst he had it, he paid no Mayor's Rent for it.

Wm. Painter laid, he did not believe, Tho. Mason's Tenement to be within the Borough: However, he owned, it now paid 1 d. Mayor's Rent; and that he had voted at former Elections, but was objected to.

That Wm. James voted for a split Tenement, viz. an House, lately erected in the Yard of the Exchequer Inn.

That Geo. Painton, junior, did the like, viz. for a Tenement, erected in his Father's Yard.

That, by way of Reply, the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that as to t;he Conveyance, made by the Taylors to Mr. Bradburn, it being for Payment of Debts, it was only a Trull.

That theyalfo produced a Writing, executed by thd said Mr. Bradburn, dated the 9th May, 1705, being a general Discharge from the said Mr. Bradburne to both the Taylors.

And Mr. Bradburne said, that the Deed produced, made by the Taylors to him, was only a Security for Payment of their Debts; and that he took himself to be accountable, if there was any Overplus.

Nich. Brackstone said, that young Painter's, and his Father's, were reckoned but one Tenement; and that he has known Mason's Tenement 30 Years; and that the

Owners always voted, and paid Mayor's Rent.

And that, upon thd whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Frederick Tilttey, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Withers, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Whitchurch.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Frederick Tilney, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, (bribe Yeas: j'«-

TeHer, for the Noes,^; ]l r9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Charles Withers, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in Parlament for the said Borough of Whitchurch.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, by rafing out the Name of Frederick Tilney, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Charles Withers, Esquire, instead thereof.

6 Z - Ordered,

Whitchurch

Election.

Purchasc of Irish forfeited Estate.

Hackees

Estate.

Officers concerned in defence of Londonderry.

Corfo's Loss by Piracy.

Committees.

Whitchurch

Reiurn

amended.

Earl of

Exeter's

Estate.

Cap. Kerr.

G unmakers. See.

550 170 — 18® Februarii. A.ijO'j.

Ordered, That Mr. Campbell, Sir Peter Hackett, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Steuart, Mr. Seaton, Lord Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cockburn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Lord Archbishop of luam, and others, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham, Mr. Mr. Ellis,

Sir John Packington, Lord Bruce, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Compton, Lord Downe, Mr. Tredenham, Sir John Bland, Mr. Pollexfen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hacket, Esquire, is referred.

Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers and Soldiers, that served in the Defence of Londonderry, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Corfo, a Genoese Merchant, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii^ 18° die Februarii;

Anno 6° Anna Regina, 1707.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John, now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with E/iz. Countess of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley, 'Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hampden, Mr. King, Mr. Harley, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Farrer, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Campbell, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, in relation to Captain William Kerr.

A Petition of the Gun-makers, and Gun-lock-makers, in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds of Workmen of the said Trades in and about the said Town, and Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that upon false Suggestions a Charter was granted by King Charles the ad, in the 13th Year of his Reign, to such Persons, as did then, or should, use the Art of Gun-making within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and four Miles Compass, and all such others, as should be admitted, pursuant to the Charter: That the said Company of Gun-makers have as much imposed upon their Fellow-subjects in the Exercise of their Charter, as they did upon the Government, when they obtained it, pretending, they made better Guns, and enough to supply all Exigences of the Government; yet, during the last and tins present War, the Petitioners have made great Quantities yearly, wherewith the Government and Merchants have been supplied; but the Gun-smiths of London (by reason all Fire-arms must be proved by their Proof'-master) put such Hardships upon the Petitioners, and so beat down their Prices, and totally obstruct their Trade to the Plantations, that they (besides their Dependents) being about 400, must remove into some other Nation, unless relieved therein: And praying, that

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or C-lause in a Bill, to relieve the Petitioners from the Discouragements and Hardships they labour under.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Manley, Sir Afbhurst, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Cefar, Sir Wm. Wy-thers. Sir Fra. Child, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Harley,

Sir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Willoivby, Mr. Freman, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Topham, Mr. Herne,

Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Strode, Mr. King, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Reyne/ds, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm. Drake,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Yates, Mr. Nevill, Colonel Grahme,

Mr. Ducket, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. , Mr. Ai-Jlaby; and all for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlicot and Mr.

Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Recruiting Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Service of the Year 1708, with- orcc*' out any Amendments.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, was presented lri(hArrears to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1689 there was an Establishment for Hospitals, to attend the Sick and Wounded, during the War in Ireland, and the Petitioner was (by Commission) appointed Governor of the said Hospitals, for which Service there is an Ar-rear due to the Petitioner of f. 188. 3 2 as appears

by Certificate from Mr. Harley, one of the Auditors of the Imprest: That Colonel Venner, who succeeded the Petitioner, was in 1705 relieved, and had an Act passed, to issue out Debentures for £.1,099 due to him for that Service: That the Petitioner in 1704 made application to the House for his said Arrear, and obtained a Report from a Committee in his Favour; but the House did not relieve him, he having not then passed his Accounts with the Auditor, which he has now done: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom *the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, and others, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Sandwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich, in the room of Jofias Burchett,

Esquire, appointed Secretary to the Marines, and also Secretary to his Royal Highness, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

A Petition of John Earl Sutherland, was presented Earl of to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Reign Sutherland's of their late Majestics King William and Queen Mary, E the Petitioner raised several Regiments for their Service, for which he laid out great Sums of Money, which is not yet repaid him: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Representation of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Ordered,

6 Ann. i8° Februariu

Tythes of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for F1^P and continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp

ax‘ and Flax; and that Mr. Farrer and Sir Mordaunt

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

St. Paul'* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Cathedral, are appointed to receive Proposals for covering the Cupolo of St. Paul's, London, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Manner of A Petition of 'Thomas Barker, Waggoner, on behalf drawing of himself, and several others, that travel the northern llishwa5*D R°acts> was presented to the House, and read; setting 60 *' forth, that there being a Petition in the House, for repealing an Act, made for drawing with Horses double by a Pole, or double Shafts to their Waggons, the same being found impracticable, and no Advantage to the Roads, because the Waggoners fallen an Iron to their Waggons, when they draw double, so that their Horses go lyide of the Wheels, and never tread in the Ruts, as was intended by the said Act; the Petitioner therefore prays, that all Waggoners may be at Liberty to draw with fix Horses at Length, and no more, under such Penalties, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Roger Bird, and several other Waggoners, Carriers of Goods, iAt, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Private Bills. Ordered, That after the last Day of this Month no more Petitions be received for private Bills, during this Session.

Privilege — Arrest of Wime fs attending Committee.

Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of Robert Steynor, Esquire, referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard before the said Committee upon Monday next in the Afternoon.

Milbank's Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the Bill to enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman, as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Controverted Mr. King reported from the Committee, appointed Elections. to consider of Methods for the more speedy and easy trying and determining of controverted Elections, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Matters, that shall come in Question, touching Returns, or Elections, shall be heard at the Bar of the House.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Questions at the Trial of Elections shall, if any Member infill upon it, be determined by Ballot.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Petitions, upon every new Parliament, relating to Elections, and Returns, be delivered to the Clerk of the House, and be laid by him upon the Table, before the Speaker be chosen.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Vol. 15.

Resolved ', Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That all Matters, that shall come in Question, touching Returns, or Elections, shall be heard at the Bar of the House.

The 2d and 3d Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be Handing Orders of the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do fend the said Resolutions to the Sheriffs of the several Counties of Great Britain, to be by them communicated to the chief Officers of the several Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, fending Members to Parliament, in their respective Counties;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the t4z.

Tellers for the Noes] 117.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee, to consider of proper Methods for the said Ballotting, and report their Opinion therein to the House: And that Mr. Ben/on and Mr. Molesworth be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Ashburton rough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, be heard at Eleaion. the Bar of this House upon Tomorrow Seven-night.

The Lord Coningsby, acquainted the House, that her Answer to Majesty had been pleased to fend by him her Answer to Address re-their Address, of the third Inltant, That her Majesty {peeling War would be pleased to order an Account to be laid before ,n bpdm* this House, how it came to pass, that there were no more English Forces in Spain and Portugal at the Time of the Battle of Almanza; and that her Majesty would be pleased to use her utmost Endeavours, that the War in Spain might be vigoroully and effectually prosecuted.

And he delivered the same to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House; which is as followethviz.

ANNE, R.

HER Majesty, having considered the Address of the House of Commons, presented to her the fifth Inltant, hath directed the following Answer to be returned:

In relation to that Part, which concerns the Prosecution of the War in Spain, her Majesty is pleased to acquaint the House, that, as the restoring the Spanijk Monarchy to the House of Austria, and thereby the Balance of Power in Europe, was the principal Inducement of the present War, so her Majesty is sensible, that on the Succels thereof, not only the Trade and Tranquillity, but even the Security, of Great Britain (subject to the divine Providence) do in a great Measure depend and therefore her Majesty can never be wanting to continue her utmost Endeavours (as her Commons have desired) to prosecute with Vigour and Effect a War of such a Nature and Consequence, or to excite her Allies, upon all Occasions, to concur with her Majesty's Endeavours in that behalf.

And as to the Account, how it came to pass, that there were no more English Forces in Spain and Portugal at the Time of the Battle of Almanza, her Majesty cannot but be very much concerned to find, that Matter has not been fully Hated to the House; and, to the end the same may be set in the clearefi Light, for the Satil-fastion of herself, and her Subjects, hath caused an Enquiry to be made of the Regiments, that were intended to compose the Number of Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Ninety-five Men, mentioned in the Address (in which Number are included Officers, and their Servants, making a full fourth Part of the Whole, according to the Establishment, and Allowance always made on the Mufiers) and how many of them were in Spain,

' or

X

552

18° Februarii.

A. 1707.

AnfW«r to or Portugal, in January, 1704, when the Resolutions Address re- were taken to make Provision for their Pay, and what jjf^War Regiments have been sent thither tinee that Time; wherein pain. it may appear, what Numbers of Men could rea-

lonably be expected to be in Spain or Portugal, on the 14th Day of April, 1707 (when the said Battle happened) and what Diligence hath been used towards making up the said whole Number, for which Provision was made by Parliament. Upon which Enquiry it appears.

That the said Body of 29,395 Forces were in-

tended to consist of One Regiment of Horse, Five Regiments of Dragoons, and One-and-thirty of Foot, in all, Thirty-seven Regiments.

That the said Thirty-seven Regiments were to be made up of One Regiment of Horse, Four Regiments of Dragoons, and Nineteen Regiments of Foot, which had served in Portugal and Spain under the respective Commands of the Earls of Peterborow and Galway, and would, if compleat, have amounted to 18,852 Men; and of One Regiment of Dragoons, and Ten Regiments of Foot, which had been sent the Year before to Portugal, under the Command of Earl Rivers, and, if they had arrived compleat in Spain, would have amounted to 8,833 Men; and of two Regiments, making together 1,710 Men, which were designed to be new-raised in England: So that, in case all these Thirty-seven Regiments could have been completed, they would have made up the said whole Number of 29,395 Forces, in-

cluding Officers, and their Servants.

Her Majesty is further informed by the Lord -ley, who was Lieutenant General, and Colonel (Fade, who was Adjutant General, that as to the said Regiments, which had served in Spain under the Earl of Peterborow, and those which had served in Portugal and Spain under the Earl of Galway, the Officers, and their Servants, with the private Soldiers, which remained in those Regiments at the Time of the said Provision made by Parliament, did amount in the whole to Twelve thousand and Seventeen, besides 1,790 Prisoners, which belonged to those Regiments, in all 13,807 Men, or thereabouts, and no more, altho* in the Years 1704, 1705, and 1706, several Recruits, amounting to 3,490 Men, had been sent into Spain and Portugal, by Draughts made out of the (landing Regiments of England and Ireland, as a particular Favour to the Service in Spain, and never practised in' any other Cafe, but once to the Indies.

That as to the said Regiment of Dragoons, and Ten Regiments of Foot, which Were sent in the Year 1706 under Earl Rivers into Portugal, and consequently were near at hand to be transported to Spain, for immediate Service, the said Earl Rivers received her Majesty's Commands lo timely, that he arrived'with them in the Kingdom of Valentia about the latter End of January, 170?-; and altho' these Regiments, when they (ailed from 7*or bay for Portugal, were, by Draughts, completed to the Number of 8,297 Men (including Officers, and Servants) and, if that Number had arrived in Spain, would have made up about 22,104 Troops; yet, loon

after the* Arrival of the said Forces with Earl Rivers in Valencia, they were found to be reduced by Death, or otherwise, to about 4,500 Men, including Officers, and their Servants; and therefore 'twas thought convenient, at the Beginning of the Year 1707, to take the common Soldiers, which remained in Six Regiments of Foot, then in Valentia and , and distribute

them towards tilling up several of the rest of the Regiments then there, and to fend the Officers of the said Six Regiments, with the Officers of the Earl of Barrymore's late Regiment of Foot (which had the Year before been converted into one of Dragoons by the Earl of Peterborow) into England, to raise their Regiments intirely of new Men; which Officers arrived in England about May, and June, 1707, and soon after had their Recruiting Orders, and have ever since been employed in that Service, except those of the Regiment of Barry-

more, which is some time since embark'd for Portugal: So that it was impossible, that the new-raised Soldier* of those Seven Regiments could be in Spain or Portugal at the Time of the said Battle.

That, upon duly weighing the Premises, it doth not appear to her Majesty, how there could reasonably be expected of English Forces in Spain or Portugal at the Time of the Battle of Almanza (which happened (o loon after the Provision made by Parliament) any more effective Men, than could be supplied by the said 13,807 Men, including Officers, Servants, and Prisoners, before commanded by the Earls of Peterborow and Gallway respectively, and by the said Number of about 4,500 (including Officers, and Servants) which remained of the Forces, that went under Earl Rivers, as aforesaid.

That as to the Two new Regiments, which were intended to be raised, and to make 1,710 Men, Part of the said 29,395 English Forces, it was found to be for the

Advantage of the Publick, in respect of the apparent Difficulties of railing them in concurrence with the Men of the said Seven Regiments, to apply the Money, given for the said Two Regiments, to other Uses of the War, according to the Libert}', given by Authority of Parliament in that behalf.

That, when the making of Recruits grew extremely difficult, if not impradlicable, and the making Draughts from Handing Regiments had been found ruinous to the Service, her Majesty caused four Regiments, which were on the Irish Establishment, to be completed, and the Levy-money for completing the fame, and the growing Charge of their Pay, to be placed on the Savings of the Non-effedlivcs of the Spanish Establishment; which four Regiments, as a Reinforcement, embark'd in April, 1707, and arrived in Portugal in June following, and ought to be reckoned as so many Recruits, towards making up the said Number of 29,395 English Forces.

That, since the Arrival of the said Four Regiments in Portugal, Three other Regiments have been prepared, to wit, that of Barrymore, upon the Spanish Establishment, that of Paston, taken from the Establishment of Guards in England, and that of Wynn, taken from the Establishment of the Forces in Ireland, which have been embarked for some time for Portugal, as another Reinforcement for the Service of the said War.

That, as soon as her Majesty had the News of the Battle of Almanza, (he applied herself immediately to obtain such foreign Troops, as were nearest at hand, to supply that Loss; and hath agreed for 7,000 Palatines, 3,000 Germans, and 1,200 Italians; the greatest Part of which have been embarked ever since November last for Catalonia, and the rest are ready for Embarkation, as soon as there is an Opportunity: Besides which, her Majesty hath made Application to the Emperor for 6,000 Germans more, with an Offer to pay all, or such Part of them, as his Imperial Majesty can spare for that Service.

And, upon the whole Matter, refledling impartially upon the Situation of this necessary War in Spain and Portugal, and upon the Difficulties, wherewith, for the Time pall, the Men have been supplied from England and Ireland, and considering the Losses and Accidents, which have attended the Service in Parts so remote, and the Provision made for foreign Forces for the future, her Majesty allures herself, it will be very evident, that no Care has been wanting to support the War in Spain and Portugal in the most effectual Manner.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, take her Majesty's said Answer into Consideration.

Mr. Bertie acquainted the House, that their Addresses> of the 14th Inllant, having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions, that a List of all Accounts, and Debts due to the Publick in Scotland, which have not been accounted for to the Treasury there, and also a Copy of the late Tack of the Customs in Scotland, with Copies of the Books of

the

Answtr ta

AddrdTe*

6 Ann.

Importing Iriib Yarn,

Ways and Means.

Stopford's

Eftatt.

18° — 19® Februarii. 553

the Collectors of the Ports there, and of the general Book of the said Tacksmen, might be laid before this Housej her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, that ,the said Copies should be laid before the House as soon as possible.

Sir Humphry Maekworth (according to Order) re-

ported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, and other Petitions, against the Importation of Irish Yarn, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tablej where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of several Witnesses, that great Quantities of Worsted Yarn, and also of Bay or Woollen Yarn, have lately been imported into Bristol, Minehead, and other Ports.

That Irish Bay or Woollen Yarn may legally be imported, paying but a small Duty; but yet great Quantities of Worsted Yarn are imported under the Denomination of Bay Yarn, paying the like Duty only, tho' it iseafy to distinguish the one from the other.

That Irish W ^rfted Yarn is fold cheaper 6 d. per Pound, than our English Worsted Yarn can be afforded, and of

equal Goocincfs; by which means the Weavers make up their Worsted Stuffs, without employing the poor Combers, Spinners, and other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures, as usually, who are thereby reduced to great Necessities, for want of Work.

That combed Wool, imported from Ireland, is fold cheaper than our English Wool, by a Peny in the Pound.

That the Labour of Worsted Yarn is at lead 4^. per Pound cheaper in Ireland, than , for the middle

Sort, which is most used, and 6 8 10 and more,

for the finer Sorts, and Woollen Yam 2 d. per Pound.

That it appeared to the Committee by an Account, taken out of the Custom-house' Books at Bristol, that there had been imported there, between 1707, and the 24th of November following, 1,381 Packs of Woollen and Worsted Yarn, each Pack containing 240 lb. Weight.

That the Importation of Irish Worsted Yarn is a growing Evil, and yearly increases, and, if not speedily remedied, will utterly impoverish the Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures in the Western Parts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 190 die;

Anno 6* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prayers.

A PETITION of James Stopjord, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by the Settlement, made by the Petitioner's Grandfather, and Father (both dead) the Petitioner is only Tenant for Life, and the Portions for his younger Bro-. ther, and three Sifters, to be raised out of their Mother's Jointure, after her Death, who is still living} and yet , fris Sifters Portions 'are to be paid them at 18 Years Vo l. 15.

of Age, which they are past, and unprovided for, and like to continue so, unless relieved by the House: That the Estate defeended to the Petitioner much incumbered, and the Title so precarious, that he has been forced to contract new Debts for the Defence thereof, and his Creditors will be in danger of loling their Debts, and the Petitioner lie under great Uneasiness during his eldest Son's Minority (who is but Seven Years old) unless relieved by the Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to fell certain Lands in the County of Nottingham, of £. 80 per Annum, Part of his Estate, for Payment of Debts, and Sifters Portions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Tredenham, and Mr. Medlicot, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to go to the j^ave of Bath, for Recovery of his Health. AWence.

A Petition of William Steuart, present Garbler for Garbling the City of London, was presented to the House, and Spices, read; letting forth, that in the Year 1686, the Petitioner was admitted by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London to the Office of Garbler of the said City, and had a Lease of that Office for 61 Years, he paying £.976. ior. Fine, and £. 300 per Annum Rent, for the same: That the said Office hath been since confirmed to the Petitioner by the Act of Parliament, for reversing the Quo Warranto against the said City: That, if the House should pass the Bill now before them, for repealing the Act, of the first of King James the First (for the well garbling of Spices) without any Recompence to the Petitioner, he will be dispossessed of his Property in the said Office: And praying, that he may be beard by Counsel, what he hath to offer against the said Bill, and that some Recompence may be made the Petitioner, suitable to the Value of his present Interest in the said Office.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CaldecottV to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, made in the iiftaw. first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising Fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott,

Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Duchy of Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of Cornwall her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was Leases* read a Second time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be committed to Mr. Treden-ham, Mr. Bofcawan, Mr. Conyers, Sir Henry Bellajyje,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Farrer, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Ogilvy, Sir Davers, Mr. Morley, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Scobell, Sir

Robinson, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Benjon, Mr. Dolben-, and all for the Counties of Cornwall and And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberj and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Irby reported from the Committee, to Army whom the Petition of Captain Philip was re- Atr r».

ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed Him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner served his late Majesty King William in the late War in Flanders, as Major of Brigade to Sir Charles Hara, row Lord Tyrawly.

7 A That

554

190 Febru

A. 1707.

That it also appeared by a Warrant, signed by her present Majesty, dated the 25 1702, that there

is due to the Petitioner, for his Pay, from the first of March, 169^, to the 31st Day of December following, being 306 Days, at 10 s.per the s. Sum of - - 153 —

That by another Warrant, signed by her said Majesty, it appears, there is also due to the Petitioner, for his Pay, from the first of Jam.

1697, to the 31st of Decern. 1698, being 365 Days, at 10 s. per dim, the Sum of - - -182 10

In all - - 335 10

Which said Sums her Majesty, by her Warrants, did direct the Earl of Ranelagh to pay out of such Moneys, as was or should come to his Hands for contingent Uses.

That it likewise appeared by a Certificate under the Hand of Mr. Sloper, Secretary to the late Paymaster General, that the Petitioner has received no Part of the Moneys, directed to be paid him by the said Warrnts, it being objected by the late Commissioners, appointed to state the Debts due to the Army (who directed Debentures to the other Majors of Brigade) that the said Petitioner being then absent, they did not think fit to certify the Petitioner with the rest of the Majors of Brigade.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the three French Regiments of Foot, late of Major General LamelomiereBrigadier Belcaflle, and the Right honourable the Lord Lifford, formerly Brigadier Ducambon, was committed, be considered.

American A Petition of the principal Traders and Dealers in the Trade. Woollen Manufactures in the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Loss of the Spanish Trade the Woollen Manufactures, and the Price of Wool, is much leftened to such a Degree, as causes the Wool to be exported, and the Petitioners, and their many Dependents, are impoverish'd, for want of Employ, and lie under great Difficulties, for want of the Species of Money, the Returns from Spain being usually in Bullion; and the East India Company exporting great Quantities of Bullion, the Petitioners conceive, that the enlarging the Trade in Spain is absolutely necessary to support their Trade, and preserve the Species of Money in Great Britain: And praying, that such Encouragement may be given to the Bill for inlarging the American Trade, as may render the same of use, to increase the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, where they do not at present trade; and that such Limits may be granted to the East hd'a Company, as may not put the Petit ioners under any Difficulty of knowing, what Places may be traded unto by others, not of that Company; whereby the Petitioners will be relieved, the Trade of Great Britain greatly enlarged, and the Species of Money preservd, and increased.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade, is committed.

F.leflion* for A Bill for the Ease of the Freeholders of the County Sulft*. of Sussex, attending the Election of Knights of the Shire

for that County, was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Francis Masham, Lord Bruce, Mr. Wort ley Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rickard Mr.

Jervoi/e, Mr. Compton, Mr. Pockliugtou, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Peter Hacket, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Farrer, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Scobell, Sir Godfry Copley, Lord Cotiinpjby, Mr. Bote/er, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

IM/lerJden, Mr. Wylde, Sir JVm.; and all that

serve for the County of Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for [rifUAmars. the Relief of the three French Regiments of Foot, late of Major General Lamellonnier, Brigadier Belcastle, and the Right honourable the Lord Lifford, formerly Brigadier Ducambon, according to the Report made relating to them; and that Mr. Bacon and Sir William do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Agents of Taxes do lay before this Taxes paid House, an Account, what each Receiver General hath intoExche-paid into the Exchequer, to this Day, upon the Tenth I0"*

4 s. Aid, and also, what Receivers are in Arrear upon the Ninth 4J. Aid.

A Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King Garbling James the First, intituled, An Act, for the well garbling Spices, of Spices, was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Cope, Lord Bruce, Mr. worth, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Hillerjden, Sir Henry Colt, Mr.

Bojcawen, Mr. - Conyers, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Winington,

Mr. Foley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hexjb im, Sir Thomas Burnet, Mr. Harley, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir Edward Irby, and all the Merchants of the House j and all, that serve for London, and the Sea-ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the Petition of William Steuart (this Day presented to the House) be referred to the said Committee; and that he be heard by his Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if he think fit.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) presented to the Parke'*Debt House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of to the Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for Cr0WB* the Time being, to compound with Richard Parke, Citizen, and late Merchant, of London; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cookes Winjord, Baronet, Cooke* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, foundation of that the Petitioner's Uncle, Sir Thomas Cooks, Baronet, Worcester deceased, by his 1 aft Will, dated 19th Febr. 1696, gave oxon8*'

£. to,000 to certain Trustees, to be paid in 18 Months after his Death, to be disposed as the Will directs, and made the Petitioner foie Executor, giving him all his real and personal Estate, charged with the said £. 1 o,oco.

That the said Sir Thomas afterwards, upon Consultation with the late Bishop of Worcester and Dr. Woodroff, resolved to employ the said £. 10,000 in founding and endowing a College upon the Site of Hall, in

Oxon, by the Name of Worcester College, and to that End obtained a Charter from his late Majesty King William, and proceeded, by the Advice of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and others, to frame a Body of Statutes for the Government of the said College, and obtained a Charter for confirming the fame, and ordered an Instrument to be drawn, for revoking that Part of his Will, as related to the said £. 10,000, but died before he executed the lame, remaining fixed in his Resolution of endowing Worcester College, as he had frequently declared to several Bishops; notwithstanding which, fevera] Difficulties have arilen, touching the Disposition of the said £. 10,000, and the same cannot be effectually settled, as intended by the Testator,. but by Act of Parliament:

The Petitioner therefore prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual applying and settling the said Charity o(£. 10,000, given by Sir Thomas Cooks, for the founding, erecting, and endowing, Worcester 24 College,

6 Ann. 19 0 Februarii.555

College, in Oxon, and for discharging the Petitioner, and his Estate, upon Payment of the said £. 10,000.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be re* ferred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^ ^MaUjworth:

Tellers for the «7-

So it was relblved in the Affirmative;

And it is referred to Mr. Compton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Mr. Bofcawen, Sir

John Guise, Sir Jof. Jekill, Mr. Brydges, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Mr. Wort ley, Mr.

Freman, Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Mr. Windsor, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Robert Corbet, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Manley, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

gerford, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Pedley, Sir Edw. Norreys, Mr. Woodroff, Mr. Topham, Mr. Rowney, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Gwyn, Earl of Hertford, Mr. Hampden, Lord Sir Jacob Banks,

Mr. Pitt, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Serjeant Cony ns. Sir Nick. Morrice, Mr. Middleton, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Rickard How, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Sir Jo. Packington, Mr. Withers, Mr. Conyers, Mr. teler, Mr. Sharp-, and ail, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Salop, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bribery at Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the Elections. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in eleding Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the feme was twice read, and amended; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Sheriff shall not adjourn the Poll from the Place, where any Election of Knights of the Shire shall hereafter be, without the Consent of all the Candidates there present, and shall depute a sufficient Number of Clerks, and all Things necessary, for taking the Poll, under a certain Penalty.

And the same was twice read, and amended.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the , House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall be deemed an Inhabitant of any Borough, or Town corporate, so as to enable him to vote at any future Election, where the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms, unless such Person shall have actually inhabited, or had his Family or House-keeping, in such Borough or Place, for a certain Time.

Yojl. 16.

And the feme was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and then the Clause was amended.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } ^6

Tile* for }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the East India House, a Bill for alluring to the English Company, trad- Company, ing to the East Indies on Account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, for raising thereby the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; and the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlicot and Mr.

Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for the encouraging the dressing and dying of woollen Broad Cloth Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon exPorted-Broad Cloth, exported white, without any Amendment:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Expor- Exporting tation of white Woollen Cloth, without any Amend- Cloth, ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning State of

next, take into further Consideration the State of the War with War with Spain. Spam*

Ordered, That the Addresses of this House to her Ma- Addrefict jesty, of the 18th of December last. That her Majesty renewed, would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account might be laid before this House, of what Number of Forces the King of Spain was to maintain out of the Money granted the last Session of Parliament, when they were provided, and how employed; and also the Address, of the iath of January last,

That her Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, that an Account might be laid before this House, of the effectice Men of the Portuguese Troops yearly, since the Treaty with Portugal, and also an Account, what Numbers of them were present at the Battle of Almanza, or at that Time in other Parts of Spain, or Portugal; be renewed to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Discovery of Discovering the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Pre- ®e*th of judice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths, tJUdwMo"* was (according to Order) read tiieTfhird time. b« alive.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press last, L to leave out " and possess."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates their after Deaths.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Corf a, a Genoese Loft

Merchant, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday by Piwy* next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered,

55^ 19° — ao° Ftaruarii. A. 1707.

St. Paul's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Catkedral. were apDointed to receive Proposals for covering the Cu-polo ot St. Paul's, London, be received upon Monday

next, at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine x Clock.

Venerisy 20° die Februarii

Anno 6° Anns Reginar, 1707.

Praters.

Baeot'* Compton reported from the Committee, to

Relief. T.VJ. whom the Bill for the Relief of Elinor

was committed, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, for Recovery of his Health.

ColJoffelyn's Sir Edward Lawrence reported from the Committee, Arrears. whom the Petition of Colonel was referred,

the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That at the last Meeting of the said Committee the said Colonel JoJJelyn being out of Town, and no Person appearing, to prove the Allegations of the said Petition in relation to himself, was the Reason, why he was not mentioned in the former Report upon the Petition of Colonel Sutton, and others.

And the said Colonel JoJJelyn attending, with his Witnesses,

It appeared to the Committee, that the said Colonel JoJJelyn was Aid de Camp to the Duke of Ormond.

And that there is an Arrear of Pay due A £. s. d.

to him, from the first Day of April to the f__________

last of October, 1697, IOJ- 1 '

which amounts to -

As also the Year's Bounty, gven by\ this House, which, at the same Pay A 182 10 — amounts to - - - -)

Which together amounts to the Sum of 289 10 —

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table, until the Bill, directed for the Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp, be brought in.

Gunmakers, A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of &c. Gun-makers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Petition of the Gun-makers, and Gun-lock makers, in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, being referred to a Committee of this House; and there being divers Matters in the said Petition very injurious to the Petitioners; they pray, that they may be heard by their Courifel, what they have to offer against the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, that they were directed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, to present to this House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London.

And they presented the same to the House accordingly. And then they withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth, that the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for regulating the Garbler's Office within the said City, the Petitioners conceive the same will greatly prejudice them, by so much as the Benefit, arising by the said Office, will in the Whole, or in Part, be taken away, and lessened, because it is a.Part of the City Revenue Time out of Mind, vested in them by Charters for valuable Considerations, and settled by Act of Parliament, towards railing £. 8,000 yearly, as a perpetual Fund of Interest to be paid to the Orphans of London: That the residue of the Revenue belonging to the said City is not near sufficient to defray the Charges of the Government, and publick Charges, thereof: And praying, that, in lieu of the Loss they may sustain (if the House shall think fit to pass the said Bill) they may have a reasonable Equivalent, or that the said Office and Franchise of the City may be still continued.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, is committed; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of the Dyers, and others, the Expenders and Consumers of garbleable Commodities, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, for garbling Spices, Wares, and Merchandizes, is of great Use and Benefit to her Majesty's Subjects; yet some particular Persons in the said City have petitioned the House against it, pretending to be prejudiced thereby, and nothing can satisfy them, but a total Dissolution thereof; which, if granted, will tend to the particular Detriment and Loss of the Petitioners, and of all Retailers and Consumers of garbleable Commodities throughout the whole Kingdom: And praying, so good a Law may be kept in full Force, and, for that purpose, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

Mr. Medlicott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, deceased, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had mate several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of George Preston, Chirurgeon Major of her Majesty's whole Forces of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner had her Majesty's Commission for the Service aforesaid. the 16th of Fehr. with an Allowance of 8j. p That he faithfully performed the said Service till the first of May last, without receiving his Pay, which amounts to 565. 12/. as appears by a Certificate from the Commissioners of the Treasury in Scotland: That the Petitioner conceives himself entitled to his Pay out of the Equivalent: And

praying.

Garbling

Spicts.

Ditto.

Hamilton'*

Estate,

Pre (ton's Claims on Equivalent.

6 Ann* 20 Februarii. 557

praying, that he may be paid his said Pay, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Representation of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

East Tarbett Sir James Campbell (according to Order) presented to

Harbour, the House, a Bill for making a Harbour in East ‘Tarbett, in the Shire of Argyle; and the same was received.

Ton* Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom

Navigation, the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Alii bank's An ingrafted Bill to enable Sir Ralph , Ba-

Eftaie. ronct, to make a Jointure or Settlement upon such

Woman, as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, to make a Jointure or Settlement upon such Woman, as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Garbling A Petition of Thomas Peter , James

Spic«s. Birkell, and Nathaniel Candy, of London, Gentlemen* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, observing, that the Act, made i° Jac. I. for the well garbling of Spices, was duly observed by all Persons in London, except the East India Company, with whom the City Garbler did not care to contend, brought several Informations in the Exchequer against the said Company, for Breach of the said Law, as by that Law they are authorized to do, and have been at great Charge in the Prosecution thereof, the said Company being a Body corporate, and no Process to issue against their Persons, thinking to weary out all Persons seeking Right by Law, and to bring them to their own Terms: That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill in the House, which will discharge the said Informations, if itfhould pass :That the Petitioners conceive, they have a Right to the Part given to Informers, for Breach of the said Law (which is very useful) and this House has always preserved to the Subjects their just Rights, even when the Execution of an Act has been thought a Grievance, as it fell out, when the Alnage Duty was taken away, and other Instances: That if the said Informations should (by Authority of Parliament, ex post fa SI o') be discharged, the same will discourage forever all Persons from bringing any Informations for the Breach of any Law; and particularly against the said Company, who would not scruple to break through their own Act, but all other Laws, with Impunity: And praying, that the Petitioners said Rights by Law, in nefpeft of the said Informations, may be preserved to them, and that they may be heard by their Counsel in Maintenance thereof.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Vot,. 15.

Ordered, That an Account of Allowances, , demanded Allowances by, and paid to, Receivers of the Land Tax, for the J? Land Tax two Years laftpaft, for Guards, and incident Charges, ecelver8* in bringing up their Money in Specie, be laid before this House.

A Petition of the Salters, Grocers, and others, in the Garbling

City of London, was presented to the House; and read; Spices;

setting forth, that upon the Petition of some Persons in the said City, a Bill is brought in, for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First, intituled.

An Act for the well garbling of Spices; which Act is of great Use and Benefit to the Petitioners, and the whole Kingdom, and, if repealed, will be a great Loss and Dishonourto their Trades: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed }

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

The Lord William Powlet (according to Order) pre- Relief of fented to the House, a Bill for Relief of Colonel Richard Co1- Sutton/ Sutton, and other Aids de Camp; and the same was &c' received.

A Bill for alluring to the English Company, trading East India to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a Company, longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum off. 1,200,000 for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfintoa Ways Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corryers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Pole, Gun-makers, Lord Bulkley, Mr. Stanley, Mr. A.nnefley, Mr. Craggs, Sir &c.

Nick. Morrice, Lord Powlet, Mr. S, Mr. Peyton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gun-makers, and Gun-lock makers, in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Garbling Manley, Sir Wm, Strickland, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cockburn, Spice*;

Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Scobell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing the Act, of the First of King James the First, for the well garbling of Spices, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Musgrave, Sir John Bland, Lord Thomas and Downe, Mr. Annefiey, Mr. Byerley, Mr. Dummer, Mr. IJ«nry» &c-Alcock, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill s ips‘ to make two large Fly-boats, Ruf built, free Ships, is committed.

An,d then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

7 B

21° Febraarii. A. 1707.

Sabbati, 210 Februarii;

Anno 6° Annas Reginae, 1707.

Praters.

Harvey'* A PETITION of Edward of Combe

fhttc. \ in the County of Surrey, Esquire, and Frances Harvey, the Widow and Relict of Edward Harvey, Esquire, deceased, Son of the said Edward Harvey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in pursuance of a Treaty of Marriage between Edward Harvey, deceased, and the Petitioner (then Frances Lutterel/,) the Petitioner Edward, and his laid Son, by Articles of Agreement, dated the 26th of December, 4* Anna Regina, in Consideration of £. 11,000 Portion, did covenant to settle the Manor of Tilton, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Leicester, upon the said Edward, the Son, for his Life, and after upon the Petitioner Frances, for her Life, for her Jointure, with several Remainders over to the Issue of that Marriage: That the Marriage afterwards took Effect, but the said Edward the Son, died without Issue, before the said Settlement was made; whereby the Petitioner Edward is rendered incapable of miking a Settlement on the said Frances (according to the said Agreement, as in Justice, he thinks, he ought to do) without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to veil the said Manor of Tilton, and all and Angular the Premifles thereunto belonging, in Trustees, to the Uses in the Marriage Articles, and to enable them to perform the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Gwyn, Sir Jacob Banand Mr. Letter ell, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Leicester A Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Borough Work-house. of Leicester, and setting the Poor on work there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Sir Willoughby, Mr.

Winstanley, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Arundell, Mr. ShackerMr. Manley, Lord Pozvict,

Mr. Cefar, Mr. Windsor, Sir Mr

Mr. Medlicott, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Mujgrave, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Mfilejworth, Mr. Cackburn, Mr. Sir Tho.

Parker, Mr. Byerley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Carr, Mr. Cur Jon,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Swift, Mr.. Moy/er, Sir Wm,

Hujller, Mr. Mason, Mr. Moor, Sir Edward Norreys; and all, that serve for the Counties of Derby, Warwick, Northampton, and Rutland:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

KaftTarbett A Bill for making a Harbour at East Tarbett, in the Harbour. Shire of Argyle, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Relief of A Bill for Relief of Colonel Richard Suttand other

Col. Sutton, ^](js (jg Camp, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

PuniOiing Mutiny and D alert ion.

Mr. Moor (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Delation, and falle Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Exporting A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of

00 ' in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Woollen Manufactures do every . sensibly decline, and the Petitioners have reason to fear, will be utterly loft, if some Law be not speedily made, for preventing the Exportation of Wool out of Great Britain into foreign Parts

more effectually, than those noWin force: And praying the Consideration of the House therein, thar the Manufactures may receive all clue Encouragement, whereby the Poor may be supported, to the Increase of Merchandize and Navigation, and keeping up the Value of Land.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures of Leeds, in the County of York, is referred } and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of the Creditors of Major General Kirk was presented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, Tttiat the Governor and Company of Merchants, trading to the Levant Seas, and fetch other Persons, as have petitioned for the Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the Fir!!/ intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, be beard by their Counsel before the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed, if they think fit, as well as the Petitioners against the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supplygranted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon all French Wines, taken as Prize, or seized and condemned for unlawful Importation, or brought in by Collusion, during the present War.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty be Twenty-five Pound per Tun.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, one Moiety or half Part of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money, payable upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported, which were given and granted unto his late Majesty King Charles the Second, for h is Life, by an Act of Parliament, in the twelfth Year of his Reign, and which by several subsequent Acts have been granted to continue until the first Day of August, 1712 (to wit, that Moiety, or half Part, which is not resolved to be granted for the Term of Ninety-six Years) shall be continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the laftDayof July, 1712, to the first D..y of August, 1714, and no longer, except fuc'n of the said Subsidies, or Duties, which have been taken away, or lessened, by Acts of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty,

the Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were first granted to King James the Second, in the first Year of his Reign, and the Impositions upon. East India Goods, and other Goods charged therewith* whk h were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in the tecond Year «f thar Reign, and by several subsequent Acts have been granted to continue until the first Day of August, >712, except fetch of the said Impositions, as have been taken away, or lessened, by Acts of Parliament) shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from, the last Day of July, 1712, to the first Day of An gif. 1714, and no longer.

lit Jo'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the additional Impositions upon several Goods and

Merchandizes,

Genl. Kirk'* Creditors.

Garbling

Spires.

Ways and Means.

6 Ann. 2i° Februarii.

559

Merchandizes, which were at first granted to King William and Queen Mary, in the fourth Year of their er Reign, and by several subsequent Acts were granted to

continue until the first Day of 171a (except such

of them, as have been taken away by Acts of Parliament) shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July, 1712, to the first Day of August, 1714, and no longer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the several Duties on Whale-fins imported, which were granted to his late Majesty King , by an Act, of the ninth Year of his Reign, and by several subsequent Acts Were granted to continue until the first Day of August, 1712, shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July, 1712, to the first Day of , 1714, and no longer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the time, that all the Principal and Interest, which by any former Acts of Parliament are charged upon the said Subsidies of Tonageand Poundage, and the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and East India and upon the said additional Impositions, and upon the said Duties upon Whale-fins, shall be paid off, and satisfied, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, all the Moneys, which from thenceforth shall arile by one Moiety of the said Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and all the Moneys, which from thenceforth shall arise by the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and by the said additional Impositions, and Duties upon Whale-fins, for the Remainder of the Terms formerly granted therein, shall be appropriated towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Equivalent Mr. Aijlaby reported from the Committee, to whom for Scotland, the Representation of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, and other Papers relating the reunto, and several Petitions, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Molloy's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Estate. whom the Bill for the Relief of Margaret and Mary Malloy, is committed, be received upon Tuefdiy Morning next.

Tone The House (according to Order) resumed the ad-Navigation.' journed Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of was committed.

And the Amendments made to the Bill were severally read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Boatman, or other Perl'on, navigating on the said River, shall go upon the Land for that Purpose, without making Satisfaction to the Proprietor thereof.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

The Petition of John Corfo, a G Merchant, wes Corfo's Loft, (according to Older) again read. b/ Piracy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they dp examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Caveii-dish, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Dolben, Sir Gilbert Heathcot,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Serjeant-Hooper, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Pitt, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Herne, Sir Wm. Hodges, Mr.

Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ireton, Sir Wm. Scawen,

Mr. Gould, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Lord Powlet, Mr. Medlicott, Sir John Cope, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Bence, Mr. FMr. Tales, Mr. Bo/cawen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ben/on reported from the Committee, appointed Contraverted to consider of proper Methods for the more speedy and Election*, easy trying and determining of controverted Elections, and to whom it was referred to consider of a proper Method for balloting, and to report their Opinion therein to the House; that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Balloting Box, and Balls, be prepared.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That two Clerks attend the Balloting, one to deliver the Balls to the Members, the other to carry the Box.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That two Members of the House be appointed by the Speaker to attend the Box.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That each Member present his Hand bare and open, to receive the Ball, and that he hold it up between his Finger and Thumb, before he put his Hand into the Box: and that the Box be immediately after brought to the Table, and the Votes counted there by the Clerks, in the Presence of the said two Members.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Members fit in their Places, till the Votes are given, and the Affirmative, or Negative, declared by the Speaker.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That t he House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Balloting Box, and Balls, be prepared;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the } to8.

Tellers for the Noes \ 9«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be (landing Orders of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next» American at Twe've a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the Trade;

and nothing to intervene.

And the Question being put, that the Clause be brought up to the Table; it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers and Officer* con-Soldiers, that served in the Defence of , be comed in d«-

read upon Friday Morning next. donderrL°rj

Ordered, aon 8rr'V*

5<So 21° — 23

DroUwich Ordered ', That Offley, and Lord , be added

Salt Springs, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preserving the ancient Salt Springs at in the County of Worcester, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna?) 2 30 die;

Anno 6* Ann* Regina, 1707.

Prayers.

Bulkley's A PETITION of ‘Th Gentleman, for and Eftatr. x\_ on behalf of himself, and Mary his Wife, and their Issue, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, on his Father's Death, became feifod of two Estates in the one subject to a

Charge of £. 300 to his Sifter, the other to a Mortgage of £.750. S s T*iat 011 h's Marriage with the other Petitioner Mary, and in Consideration of t,aoo Portion, did convey all his real Estate to himself, for Life, then to his Wife, for Life, with Remainders over, and applied the £. 1,200 towards clearing his Father's Incumbrances, exclusive of the £750. 5 s. And praying, a Bill may be brought in, to enable him to fell Part, to clear the Rcftdue of the said Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Dyott and Sir Thomas Parker do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Februarii. 1707.

contrary to Law, to the Petitioner's Damage 8,000.

That the Petitioner did exhibit, and now prosecutes, four several Informations in the Exchequer against the said Company, for Breaches of the Act of Parliament, made for the due garbling of Spices: And praying, that in the Bill, now depending in this honourable House, for repealing the Garbler's Act, the Right of prosecuting the said four Informations may be saved, and the Petitioner heard by Counsel.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if he think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act IUrwi.fc for enlarging the Term in an Act, made in the seventh Hoad*. Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Matter upon Privilege — , the Petition of Robert Staynor, Esquire, which was re- Arresting a ferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, is at‘

agreed; ... Committee*

Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged from hearing the Matter of the said Petition.

Leav« of Ordered, That Mr. Mhave Leave to go into the Abieuce. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions, and his Lady being very ill.

York An ingrossed Bill for the publick registering of all Ttegifter. Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall hereafter be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrance, that shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors; Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull,

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Elections for Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sufl'ex. whom the Bill for the Ease of the Freeholders of the County of SuJJ'ex, attending the Election of Knights of the Shire for that County, is committed, be made upon this Day Seven-night.

Garbling A Petition of John Ward, on the behalf of his Bro-Spices. ther Edward Ward, and others. Part-owners of the Ship Annundale, and her Cargo, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was concerned with some of the Scotch Nation in setting out the said Ship by Authority of the African and Indian Company there, and intended for and thence to

India, and back, to Scotland: That the said Ship being in the Dozvties, the East India Company of England, with the AIfiftance of a Man of War, without any Direction from the Lord High Admiral, seized the said Ship, and forced the Men aboard the Man of War, and unladed the Ship, and brought her forcibly into Dover Pier, and brought Information in the Exchequer, in the Name of Charles Robertson, and obtained a Verdict,

The Lord Coningsby acquainted the House, that their Answer t* Addresses to her Majesty, of the eighteenth of Decem~ renewed ber and twelfth of January last, having been renewed, Adressu. according to their Order; her Majesty had been pleased to give the Answer following; viz.

That in relation to that Part of the Address, which concerns the Forces of the King of Spain, her Majesty has ordered to be laid before the House a List of the Troops, provided by the King of Spain for the Service of the Year 1707; and in relation to the Troops of Portugal, her Majesty has, ever since the Treaty with that Crown, given Directions to her Ministers there, to use all possible Means, that his said Majesty should furnish the whole Number of Men agreed for by the said Treaty; and her Majesty hopes, that those Instances have in a great Measure had their desired Effect.

At the same time her Majesty observes, that the Methods of Discipline there make it impossible to know the Number of those Troops with the same Exactness, as is practised in other Parts; and considering, with what Chearfulness, and Success, they marched through Spain to Madrid, and the Losses they sustained, and being very well allured, that the King of Portugal has lately raised, and is still raising, a considerable Number of Forces, her Majesty has not thought it adviseable to make too nice an Enquiry into the State of those Troops, especially since Ihe is very fenlible, how diligent the Enemy is in making continual Application to break an Alliance, of so great Importance to the common Cause.

And he presented to the House, a List of the Troops Sp»nia» (in her Majesty's Answer mentioned) provided by the Troop*. King of Spain for the Service of the Year 1707.

And the said Lift is as follows; viz.

A LIST

Arrears of Tues, &c.

6 Ann.: Februarii.

A LIST of the Troops, provided by the King.of Spain for the-Service of the Year 1707.

Regiments of Foot. Number of MfeD. . Regiments of Horse. Number of Men.

Noyelles 1,000 Zinzendorfi - 1 — — r — i 500

Catalan - - 1,000 Nabot - - 40a

Two Regiments) 1,000 R. Nabot - i 500

of Valencia 3 Sobias - - - 5.00

Deputation - 500 Moragals v- - - 500

City - - - i 5°o Claviana 5 OQ

Colbutz 500 Moras - 500

Ahumadu - 700 Cordova* . -5.00

Three Batallions T expected from > O O #4 City of Valentia. - 500

Portugal - X Saragofia 1,000 # Total N* of Horse 4,400

7,700 and Foot - .' - 12,100

The House being informed, that one of the Agents for Taxes attended', he was called in, and, at the Bar, prefeoted. to the House,

An Account of the Arrears of the Ninth Four Shillings Aid Anno 1706, as they Hood on the Nineteenth of February, 1707; and also,

An Account, what each. Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer on the Tenth Four Shillings Aid Anno 1707* to the Nineteenth of , 1707} and

also.

An Account, of Allowances, demaded by, and'paid to, Receivers of the last Year's Land Taxes.

And then, he withdrew. 1

And the Titles of the Accounts were read.

And the said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

IN obedience to an Order of this honourable House, her Majesty's Agents for Taxes do humbly present an Account, what Receivers are in Arrear upon the Ninth Four Shillings Aid, to the 19th February, 1707.

Counties.

Receivers.

Arrears.

Berks

Chester, Den-} bigh, and > Flint - J Devon -Lancaster Lincoln -Lincoln -London, &c. Monmouth,&c. Northamp-,) ton, &c. j

Oxford -

Surry -Sussex -Worcester -Wilts - -

Brecon, &c. -Cardigan, &c. Queen's,) Houshold 3

Law Ambrose, -

Thomas Lloyd -

Joseph Qualh -John Thornton. -Tho. Cawthorpe Richard Wittingham -Sir Wm. Fazakerly James CafweJl

John Cowper -

f Sir Robert Harrilbn, t late Receiver John Weston A nth. Springe t -Tho. Albert Tho. Beaven Caleb Powell -Geo. Howells

James Taylour v

*n,|

In all

£. s. d. 542 ——

12,192 -»-----

*73 ——

254 ——

2.635 -

3>935 ——

15,022 ——

2,77.6 ——

*79 ——

2,922 ——

4,199 ——

1,586 ——

*.384 ——

272 ——

2,285 ——

3,666 ——

*1,039 ——

65,061 ——

Westminster, Agents Office, . February the2 I ft, 1707#

Vox,. 15.

William , R. Barker,

Ri. Sbtreditch

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament ifllmbled-,: 1

IN'obedience of an Order of this honourable-House, her Majesty's Agents for Taxes, dp humbly, present an Account, what each Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer on- the Tenth Four Shillings Aid, to the 19th of February, 1707.

Counties. , Receivers. , Payments.

£* d»

Bedford - - Ambrose Reddall - - 171,27.0 -T-

Berks' - - Lawrence Ambrose 27,000 — —

Bucks. - - Hugh Horton, deceased 18,800

Cambridge -Chester, Den- Thomas Richers - - 20,279

bigh, and t Flint - J Thomas Lloyd - 4,000 — — -

Cornwall Francis Mannaton - - 12,000

Cumberland, 7 8cc. - 3 Thomas Brougham 2,200

Derby - - Samuel Bradshaw- - H I O CN

Devon- - - Samuel Burridge. < - - 17,500

Devon - - Joseph Qualh - - - '21,000

Dorset - - rjohn and Benjamin) I Derby - - 3 16,000

Durham, &<T. Fran. Wyvill - - 4,000 — —

York - - - Ditto - - - - 35,000

Essex - - John Turner - - - 52,77* 3

G.lou.cester - John Rogers - - - 32,000

Hereford Samuel Clark - - 6,00c

Hertford Robert Peters - - 11,500

Huntington - Jeay and Dowfe - - 7,000

Kent - - - William Faufiet - - 42,903 1 9

Lancaster John Thornton - - 4,000

Leicester Jarvis Bradgate - - 14,125

Lincoln - - Vaughan Bonner - - 20,000 — —

Lincoln - - Richard Whittingham 15,000 — —

London, &c. Sir Wm. Fazakerly 113,300

Monmouth,) &c. - James Cafwell - - 2,500 — —

Northamp- 7 -

ton and Rutland J John Cowper - - - 19,000

Norfolk - - Robert Browne - - 12,000

Norfolk - - William Pacey - - 20,000

Nottingham - John Bury - - 11,000 — —

Oxford - - Miles Parker - - - 20,000

Salop - - George Holier- - - 6,000 — —

Stafford. - - Samuel Baylie - - 10,000

Somerset Geo. Dixon, discharged 11,527 10 a

Southampton Thomas Austin - - 29,296

Suffolk - - Samuel Pacey - - - 26,000 — —

Surrey - - John Weston - - - 19,500

Sussex - - Anth. Springe! - - 8,500 — —

Sussex - - John Dee - - - 7,000 — —

Warwick John Andrews - - 20,800

Worcester - Thomas Albert - - 10,100 — —

Wilts - - Thomas Beaven -. 18,000 — —

Brecon, Rad- 7 nor, &c. 3 Caleb Powell - - 3,000 -

Cardigan, &c. Queen's 7 Houshold 3 George Howells - - 2,600

James Taylour - 4.325

In all ' - £ 783,209 4 3f

Memorandum: That, since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne, there has been granted by Parliament in Land Taxes, exclusive of what was granted this Session, Eleven million Nine hundred Thirty-five thousand Three hundred Twenty-two Pounds, and Four Shillings; out of which there has been paid into the Exchequer Ten millions Six hundred Eighty-four thousand Seventy-one Pounds, Six Shillings, and Seven Pence, including Three-hundred Twenty-three thousand Two hundred Forty-eight Pounds, Six Shillings, and One 7 C Peny,

a3* Februarii.

Peny, being the Allowance of Six-pence Half-peny in the Pound to Receivers, Collectors, and Commissioners Clerks, and also including what the Land Taxes fell short in the Year 1702, and 1703, by Certificates in Abatement of the personal Estates, which were those Years charged in the Subsidy Acts.

And this honourable House may please to observe, that, except the Arrear of this Year 1707, which is now daily paying, and the lad Quarter not payable to the Receivers till Lady-day next, there is not unpaid to her Majesty, upon all the Land Taxes, above Ninety thousand Pounds; which is constantly bringing in, and in no danger of being loft.

Westminster, Agents Wm. , Office, February Barker,

the ax ft, 1707. Shordiche.

)2S° —

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

IN obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 20th of February, 1707, her Majesty's Agents for Taxes do humbly present an Account of Allowances, demanded by, and paid to, Receivers of the Land Tax, for the two Years last past, for Guards, and incident Charges, in bringing up their Money in Specie.

Paid the aift February, 1705, to Lave, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Huntington, for his extraordinary Charges in paying into the Exchequer the 1 ft 4 s. Aid 1693, 2d 4.J.

Aid 1694, 3d 4*. Aid 1695, 4th 4j.

Aid 1696, and second quarterly Poll 1694, out of additional Tonage for the Civil List, upon passing his final Accounts, the Sum of -

Paid more to his Executors, for paying! into the Exchequer the 2 s. Aid, 3*. Aid I and Subsidies, for the Year 1697, ad 3/A Aid 1698, and the 3d quarterly Poll/

1698, out of additional Tonage for the Civil List, upon passing their final Ac- , counts, the Sum of - -

Paid the 26th of January, 1707, to John Child, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Wilts, for paying into the Exchequer the xft Aid Anno 1693, 2d 4 Jh.Aid 1694, 3d 4 Aid 1695, 4th 4^. Aid 1696, 37*. and

53 6 —

17*. Aids 1697, 2d 3 sAid 1698, 3d\,0g 37 h.Aid 1699, 2d 2 Jh.Aid 1700, 3 /M* Aid 1701, 5th 47ft. Aid, and Subsidies,

Anno 1702, 6th 47 ft.Aid 1703, 7th 47ft.

Aid 1704, and the 8th 4 Aid 1705, out of the additional Tonage for the Civil List, upon passing his final Accounts, the Sum of - -

4 —

In all - - £.71110 —

That, as to the Allowances that are demanded, there has none been referred to the said Agents by my Lord High Treasurer, for the two Years Land Taxes last past, except one Demand by John Andrews, Esquire, Receiver General for the County of Warwick; and he having not annexed to his Petition a particular Bill of his extraordinary Charges, no Report hath been yet made upon that Petition to my Lord Treasurer; and this being the only Instance, that appears to us, of any Demand for the two last Years Land Taxes, we humbly conceive, there cannot be any Money paid for Allowances to Receivers of the said Taxes.

Westminster, Agents Wm. Clayton,

Office, February R. Barker,

the 21ft, 1707. Shordiche.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Manner of whom the Petition of divers Waggoners, and Carriers of Goods, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to highway them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and after delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Waggoners, and Carriers of Goods, was referred, hav- ing heard the Petitioners and their Witnesses, the Matter of their Complaint, upon Examination, appeared to be as followeth; viz.

Mr. Henry Norman said, that one John , endeavouring to comply with the Clause in the Act, obliging Waggons to be drawn with double Shafts, or a Pole between the Wheel Horses, killed several of his Horses:

As also one Anthony Webb had three of his'killed in drawing with double Shafts; which is perfectly impracticable, it being impossible to turn in many Places upon the Roads, or into most of Inn Yards, without widening their Gates:

And that the Informers follow the Waggoners upon all the Roads, and have dogg'd his Waggon from London to BriJIol, tho' their Habitations are in of near

London:

And that about nine Months ago one William hampton, a common Informer, took away his Horses out of his Team near Twyford, in Parish, in

Berkshire, and the Beginning of Oft last did the fame

Thing at Hounslow, in HeJJien Parish, and the 23d of the same Month he took another Horse out of his Team, and demanded of him £.6 for three Defaults against the Act, tho' at those Seizures he had but five Horses in his Waggon, and therefore, he said, he seized, for that the Waggon was not drawn by double Shafts, or a Pole:

That his Waggon being in Company with fix more upon the Road, the said Polhampton obliged the Six to buy their Liberty of proceeding upon their Journey; and because he, the said Norman, would not so do, Polhampton seized, and took away, one of the Horses out of his Team.

Mr. Math. Lancaster said, that he, being desirous to avoid the vexatious Proceedings of the Informers, had a Pole fixed to his Waggon, according to the Direction of the Act, and, before he had drawn two Miles, the Pole broke one of his Horses Shoulders.

That the said Polhampton, flopping his Waggon at Enfeild, took away two of his Horses, because he had not double Shafts; whereby his Journey wa* stopt, till his Waggoner gave the said Polhampton a Note for the Payment of £. 12, and he afterwards arrested the Waggoner, and his Matter was forced to bail him.

Mr. Edward Edwards said, that upon the 12th of June last, Mr. Polhampton took away one of his Horses out of his Team, tho' he had but seven Horses, and those double to the Waggon.

Mr. Jonath. Tavernier laid, that Polhampton about six Months ago seized one of his Horses at for drawing his Waggon without a Pole, and detained the fame, till his Waggoner paid him 40J. to have Liberty to proceed upon his Journey:

And that about six Weeks ago he seized upon the Grantham and Peterborough Waggons, at Potter's Bar, and took from each one Horse, and lock'd them up in an Inn-keeper's Stable there, till himself gave a Note to the Inn-keeper to bear him harmless, to deliver his Horse and the Owners of the Teams replevied their Horses.

Mr. Cook laid, that Polhampton and his Man, came down 40 Miles into the Country, to watch in the bad Ways, when the Waggoners are forced to hire a Horse -or two, to help their Teams draw in such Places, and there surprised his Team, and took out one of his Horses, and made him pay 40 s.for the Offence: And produced Polhampton's Receipt for the fame, which Polhampton owned to be his Hand-writing: And the said 18 Polhampton

6 Ann. 230 Februarii. 563

Polkampton meeting his Waggon (bon after, tho' he Mr. Child said, he knew nothing of such intended Manner of had but five Horses therein, he took away one of them 'Solicitation, but paid the Money as demanded for For- M

for an Offence, he laid, he had committed before, and feitures. Highways,

also demanded of him £.12 for so many Forfeitures, as Mr. said, that Polhampton seized upon Mr. Hol-amounted to that Sum, for driving his Waggon without comb'sHorfe, without Warrant, or Pari (h Officer, fora a Pole, or double Shafts. Forfeiture of 40J. and was paid 13 j 4 for his own

Mr . Addison, the said Cook's Book-keeper, said, that Part, but never since demanded by the Parish.

Mr. Polhampton came to him, and told him, that his Mr. Lock and Mr. two Inn-keepers of

Master had made as many Forfeitures, as amounted to JIozv, laid, that they had severally paid to Polhampton ' £. 12, for driving without double Shafts; yet, notwith- 40J. and to the Surveyors, for three Forfeitures

standing, if he would pay him £.5, he would acquit his of two of their Customers Waggoners; and never knew Master of the rest: And produced his Receipt, dated any Forfeitures, paid to the Surveyors, ever applied to 30th December, 1707, for £.4. the Amendment of their Ways.

Mr. Richard Hurst said, that Mr. Polhampton, with a Mr. Wood produced several Notes, and Letters, un-Parish Officer, seized his and two other Mens Teams at der s Hand, and which he owned; where-

Enfeild, and took a Horse out of each for what they by, to indemnify the Waggoners from being troubled called former Offences; and his two Neighbours bought or molested, for travelling contrary to any Act of Par-off their Horses, but his was fold, after he had been fe- liament, he demands annually Contributions from some, creted from him for a Month, and kept only upon Hay, and certain Sums of Money, Butter, and Cheese, from to Littlehale for 50 s.and tho' he offered £.2. 5*. for others.

the said Horse, it was refused him: , That the said Mr. Polhampton being alk'd, if he was

That soon after Polhampton took another Horse, prepared to answer the Complaints, made against him by worth £. 10, from his Waggon, and fold him to one the Petitioners, he desired two Days Time to bring his Shaw for £. 3. 1 s. o d.and he was forced to pay £.3. said Patent before the Committee, in order to his Justi-10 s.to have his Horse again. fication; which was granted him accordingly; but he

Mr. Hopg said, Mr. Polhampton has taken several of his never after thought fit to attend, neither did- lay his said Horses from him, under Pretence of former Forfeitures; Patent before the said Committee, notwithstanding he and he was forced to pay him £. 3. 6 s. 8 d.upon which was by them ordered so to do.

Polhampton gave him a Note, dated 16th December, And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee 1707, not to molest or trouble him, or make any Sei- came to the following Resolutions; viz. zure on his Horses, for any past Offences committed, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by his Waggon drawing contrary to Law: Which Note That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations the said Polhampton owned to be his Hand-writing. of their Petition.

Mr. Hornblow laid, that Polhampton, with two Men Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

in his Company, who live in London, meeting his Wag- That that Part of the Act, made in the 7th and 8th gon at the Top of the Hill beyond Maidenhead, stopt Years of herpresent Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act the lame, and took away one of his Horses, tho' but for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and five in Length; and he, rather than lose his Journey, Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto) which en-prevailed with them to go into the Town, and there he joins all travelling Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Car-paid the Parish Officer £. 1. 6s. 8 d.but he saw the said riages, to be drawn with a Pole between the Wheel

Officer repay the Money to Polkampton, who, when he Horses, or with double Shafts, has been found imprac-made such Seizure upon him, had neither Warrant, nor ticable in most Roads of this Kingdom, any Parish Officer, with him. ' The Resolution being read a Second time;

Mr. Polhampton, being present, was alk'd, by what An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Authority he made that Seizure: He said, he had an leaving out " her present," and inferiing " his late."

Alignment of a Patent from one Mr. Parry, to be her And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Majesty's Guide, or Surveyor of her Ways, Bridges, agreed unto by the House.

Gates, Lawieves, and Passages, which cost him £.30, Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-and he apprehends, he has a Power thereby to appoint mittee, in the fold Resolution, so amended. That that Deputies, and to seize for any Forfeitures against the Part of the Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of his double Shaft and Pole Act, without a Justice of the late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Peace's Warrant, or Parish Officer. amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation

And being further asked, whether he ever made of the Laws relating the reunto) which enjoins all tra-up any Account with any Justices of the Peace for veiling Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, to be Forfeitures received, according to the Directions of the drawn with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with Act; double Shafts, has been found impracticable in most

He said, he had not, for that he only received for Roads of this Kingdom, himself, and not for the Highways. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re-

Mr. Hornblow further said, that he paid Polhampton solutions; and that Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Farrer, and joj. to prevent his seizing his Father's Team, having Mr. Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill, heard him threaten so to do; and paid him the like Sum It appearing by the said Report, that William for Mr. Pool, of Thatcbem. liampton, being ordered by the Committee to attend

To which Polhampton said, he only borrowed the them, had neglected and refuled so to do, in contempt Money. of the Committee, and Breach of the Privileges of this

Mr. Paul Cindery laid, that Polhampton seized one of House; his Horses for three Defaults, for drawing more than Ordered, That the said William Polhampton be, for five Horses, when as he is well allured, he never did; his laid Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this but notwithstanding, rather than lose his Journey, was House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms forced to pay him £. 1. 6s. 8 d.and 55. to one, he attending this House. called his Deputy Surveyor.

Mr. Child, of Newberry said, that Polhampton last Sir Patrick Johnson (according to Order) presented to Linen Winter accused him of three Defaults against the Act, the House, a Bill for the more effectual making, and Manufo6ture and he was forced to pay him 40/. better regulating, the Linen Manufacture; and the Bill

To which Polhampton said, that the 40r. was paid was received, and read the First time, him towards his Expence in soliciting to gain an Act, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, for prohibiting Waggons to travel without Licence.

23* Februarii.

A. 1707.

Bribery at

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better pre-Elections. venting Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament, be read the Third time upon Morning next.

Equivalent The House (according to Order) proceeded to take for Scotland. jn^0 Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Representation of the Commissioners of the Equivalent, and Papers and Petitions relating the reunto, were referred.

And the said Report was read, as is as. followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that by the Terms of the Treaty of Union the Subjects cf Scotland, for preserving an Equality of Trade throughout the united Kingdom, would be liable to several Customs and Excises, then payable in England, which would be applicable towards- Payment of the Debts of England, contracted before the Union; it was by the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union agreed, that ScotlandIhould have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof should be charged towards Payment of the Debts of England, viz. the Sum of £.398,085. ioj. together with the whole Increase of the Revenues, Customs, and Duties on Import and Export, and Excise on cxcifable Liquors in Scotland, to t lie Uses following;

1. To Losses, which private Persons might sustain

by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of En

2. In the next place, to the capital Stock of the African and Indian Company of Scotland:

3. In the third place, £.2,000 Annum, for Seven Years, to be applied towards encouraging the Manufacture of coarle Wool:

4. In the fourth place, Allowance for the Charge of the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accornplants, to the last: two Treaties of Union.

Then the Overplus of the said Equivalent should be equally divided;

One hall to the Debts upon the Civil List,

The other half to the Debts due to the Army.

That, pursuant to the said 15th Article of the Treaty of Union, the Parliament of Scotland then being did by an Act, intituled, "An Act concerning the publick " Debts," declare, and ordain, that such Debts only, as were due to the Civil List, and Army, since the 27th of May, 1689, or such other Debts, as should be in-strudled to be publick Debts, in manner therein after mentioned, since the time aforesaid, should be understood publick Debts of the said Kingdom, payable out of the Funds therein mentioned.

That the Committee also took into their Consideration, how far the Commissioners for the Equivalent have complied with their Commission in the Disposition of the said Sum of £.398,085. ior.

In order to which, the Committee have examined into the several Particulars of the Representation, delivered to this House by the said Commissioners, and are as followeth; viz.

£ s. d.

For the Loss on the English Coin 3,020 9i

Whereof paid by the Commis- 7 lioners - - -,) 3>oo8 7 7i

Remains unpaid - - - II 14 H

For the Loss on £.132,000 of foreign Species brought into the Mint, estimated at - - 17,000 — —

Whereof paid by the Commis-). lioners - - - J 6,121 18 —

Remains unpaid - - 10,876 2

c

d.

30,000 — —

50,000 —

For the Lois of £.200,000 of )

Coin, estimated at - - j

The Demand upon the Equivalent for making good the Loss of private Persons by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard of England, is computed at-Which the Commissioners will be ready to answer, as soon as the Coinage shall be perfected.

Due to the Proprietors and Credi-) _Q f

tors of the African Company J 4 5

Whereof paid by the Commis) ,

1 _ }_ j 207,698 16

sioners

Remains unpaid - - £. 25,185 8 4J.

That as to what remains unpaid to the African Company, the Commissioners could not pay the same, by reason the Persons,' to whom the same was due, have not exhibited their Claim, or made good the fame, thereunto.

Upon this Head the Committee crave Leave to observe, that by the 15th Act of the last Session of the last Parliament of Scotland, on Payment of the said Sum of £.232,884. 5*. 4 \d. to the Company, all the

Goods of the said Company are declared to belong to the Queen, and appropriated to certain Uses in the Act mentioned; but the Commissioners for the Equivalent have not given any Estimate of the Value thereof, the same chiefly conlifting in decayed Ships, and bad Debts, so that no particular Account can as yet be taken; but the Commissioners do believe, the same will amount to a very inconsiderable Sum.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that there is £. 800 remaining in the Hands of the said Commissioners Out of the Sum, allowed for Payment of the African Company, which the Commissioners say, they cannot lafely dispose of, without a further Power.

That by the said 15th Act the Directors of the African Company are to make up several Accounts by the ift of May, 1707, and the Commissioners are to pay them £.300 for that Service, which they have accordingly done; but the said Directors could not make up the said Accounts in so short a Time, as the Act directed, but it took up Six Months more after the ift of , and the Directors demand £-500 more for that Service; but the Commissioners, tho they think it reasonable, the Directors should be paid for that Service, yet, being tied down by the aforesaid Act, they cannot relieve them, without further Power.

That by the 15th Article of Union, and by the Act passed in Scotland, concerning publick Debts, there is to be paid, for promoting the Manufacture of coarie Wool, £.2,000 yearly, for Seven Years; but the Commissioners for the Equivalent do say, that neither the Articles of Union, nor Acts of Parliament, have directed, to whom the said £. 2,000 per Annum should be paid; so that the Commissioners conceive, they cannot pay any Part thereof, without further Directions by Parliament.

That by the aforesaid Act there is to be al-") £.

lowed for the Charge of the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accomptants, of the two last > 30,500 Treaties of Union, which amount to the Sum of - -J

Whereof the Commissioners for the Equiva-) _ lent have paid ‘ - - - - -j 27'4°°

So remains unpaid - - - £.3,100

And the Reason, why the Commissioners for the Equivalent have not paid the said Remainder of £.3,100 is, because the Persons, claiming the fame, have not demanded it, or made out their Right thereto.

16 That

6 Ann. 23° Febr 56$

That by the 15th Article of Union, and the aforesaid Act of Parliament, concerning publick Debts, it is provided, that after Payment of, t. The Loss on the Coinage: adly, The African Company:

3dly, The £. a,000per Annum, for seven Years, for' promoting the Woollen Manufacture:

4thly, The Charge of the Commissioners, Clerks, (Ac. to the two last Treaties of the Union:

That then the Overplus shall be equally divided;

One half to pay the Debts upon the Civil List,

The other half to pay the Debts due to the Army. And, in case such Overplus shall not be sufficient to pay the same, then the Increase of the Customs, and other Moneys, arising to Scotl, shall be equally divided, and applied, til! the said Debts be fully satisfied.

That the Overplus of the £.398,085. for. appears to be £. 70,681. 3 r. 2 d.which by the aforesaid Act is to be distributed in manner following:

lft. The Sum of £. 24,736. 12/. 2 to such as represented her Majesty, or the late King, being a preferred Debt on the Civil List:

Memorandum: This Article the Commissioners have paid:

ad'y. The Sum of£. 90,925. 4*. 8 for Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and other Claries, on the Civil List:

3<dly, The Debt £. 107,437, which is the Debt due to the Army in fevferal Claries.

That, as to the Debt upon the Civil List, the Lords of the Treasury of Scotland, delivered to the Commissioners for the Equivalent an Account of what was due to the Persons upon the Civil List, for the Term of 1707: in which said Account there are Blanks left for several Sums, and likewise they have not distinguished in the said Account, what Debts are due upon the several Claries; so that, till those Blanks are filled up, and the Debts upon the several Claries are distinguished, the Commissioners for the Equivalent cannot make any Payment upon the Civil List, or the Army: They do therefore desire the Direction of the House in that Matter.

That, as to the Debt due to the Army, which is to be paid in several Claries, pursuant to the 15th Article of the Union, and the 16th Act of Parliament in Scotland, the Lords of the Treasury there delivered to the said Commissioners an Account of Arrears due to the Army since the 27th of May, 1689; in which laid Account there are likewise Blanks left for several Sums, neither have they distinguished, what Debts are due upon the several Claries; so that the same Difficulty lies upon the Commissioners for the Equivalent in paying the Debt due to the Army, as upon the Civil List: They therefore crave the Direction of the House herein.

That the Reason, why the Lords of the Treasury have not been able to give complete Lifts, either of the civil or military Debts, being the backwardness of those Persons concerned to come in, and make good their several Pretensions before them, it seems necessary, there should be a Day appointed, betwixft and which, if the Persons concerned do not appear before them, and make good their Pretensions, their Lordships be impowered to close their Lifts, and give them in, so signed, to the Commissioners j who shall be warranted to proceed in Payment according to such Lift, without regard to such, as shall neglect to make good their Claims.

That the Commissioners for the Equivalent do represent, that by the 16th Act of Parliament in Scotland, if there shall be a Sum in their Hands, as will not compleatly answer the two Claries last mentioned, it does not thereby appear, that they are impowered to pay any of the said Claries, in Proportion to the Money in their Hands; so that the said Commissioners will be obliged to retain such Remainder in their Hands, till the other Moneys, arising to Scotland, coming in, shall make up a Sum sufficient to pay those Claries j which will be detrimental to the Persons concerned, without some Remidy be applied.

Vof.. IS.

That by the said 16th Act it is provided, that, after Equivalent Payment of Five Articles before-mentioned, the Com- for Scotland, missioners of the Equivalent shall pay such publick Debts, as are due by the Nation since May, 1689, which do neither fall under the Civilfor Military, Lift.

That the Committee do observe, that in the Account of the Civil List there is an Article, mentioning her Majesty's Bounty on the Charity Roll, but a Blank is left for the Sum; and the same being so far postponed, that there is no Probability of their getting Relief that way, the Commissioners for the Equivalent, out of Com-passion to the starving Condition of those poor People, do humbly represent their same to the House.

That the Commissioners do also crave the Direction of the House in relation to Salaries, and Pensions, due after the first of May (the Time, when the Union commenced) whether the Lords of the Treasury ought to have taken notice of those Pensions, and Salaries, due from the Term of Martinmas to which

was the 15th Day of May, 1707, and whether the Moneys upon the Equivalent shall answer what accrued due after the lft Day of May: But it was observed by some of the Committee, that the Salaries and Pensions, mentioned in the Lift delivered by the Lords of the Treasury, are therein certified as Debts charged upon the Equivalent, notwithstanding the re were Funds current for the Payment thereof.

That by the 15th Article of Union it is provided, that the Remainder of the said Equivalents, and other Sums arising to Scotland by the Articles of Union, be wholly applied towards the encouraging the Fisheries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the united Kingdom.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Commissioners for the Equivalent have expended considerabl©

Sums in executing their Commission, being necessary Allowance for Servants, and other incident Charges, amounting in the whole to £. 1,060, and there is no Provision made, neither by the Articles of Union, or any subsequent Acts or Orders of Parliament.

That the Committee, in pursuance to the Order of this House, took into Consideration the Petition of Captain Theodore Drury, her Majesty's chief Engineer in the North of Great Britain, also the Petition of Mr. Alexander Cunningham.

That, upon the Petition of Captain , it appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate from the Lords of the Treasury in Scotland, dated the 24th of April, 1707, that there due to the Petitioner, on account of his Salary, as chief Engineer, the Sum of £.146. 18 which Office he has possessed ever since the Resolution, by virtue of a Commission from his late Majesty King William, dated the 7th of March, 1693; but the same not determining, in what Class, either Civil or Military, the same should be placed, although he was always paid out of the Funds granted to the Army, the Commissioners for the Equivalent desire the Direction of tha House in that Matter.

That, upon the Petition of Alex. Cunningham, Esquire, it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, by Order from his late Majesty King William, was sent to adjust some Matters, relating to Trade, betwixt Scotland and France, in which Service he disbursed £. 150, which laid Sum her present Majesty, by her Warrant, dated ill of December, 1704, did direct the Lords of the Treasury in Scotland to pay.

It likewise appeared by a Certificate, signed by the said Lords of the Treasury, dated the 29th of April, 1707, that there is due to the Petitioner the aforesaid Sum j which Sum the said Lords of the Treasury in the said Certificate declare is to be paid by the Commissioners, appointed for disposing of the Equivalent, on its due and proper Class; but it appears to the Committee, that the Petitioner is so far postponed, that he is not likely to receive any Part thereof in any reasonable Time, 1

7 D altho'

*3* Februarii.

A. 1707;

Equivalent aljjho'.tbie Money was laid out by him for the publick fer Scotland* Service.

That the Committee also took into Consideration the petition of the Car) of ,referred to tKem.

And it appeared by several Commissions from his late Majesty Ring William, and her present Majesty, that his Lordship was impowered to raise several Regiments for the $e,rvice of their Majesties in the late Want which he accordingly did.

That it also appeared by an Account^ of Pay of the Lord Strathuaver's Regiment of poQt, now the Petitioner's, tigned by the EarJ of Forfar and the Lari of Glasgow, two of the Lords of $bp Treasury, that there due to his Lord0iip the Sum of

And also another Account, signed V by the said Lords of the Treasury, by I which there appears to be a further? 7,431 16 hum due ip his Lordship, amounting I to - - - - 1

s.

) 4,040 18 8

That the Total contained the two) Accounts, amount to - -j

*«>472 *5 3

All which is humbly submitted to this House.

The Committee took into Consideration the Petition T of Mr. George Preston.

And it appeared by a Commission, signed by her present Majesty, dated th 16th of , 1704-, that

the Petitioner was appointed Surgeon Major of all the Forces of Scotland, with an Allowance of eight Shillings per diem for him and his Servants.

It also appeared to the Committee by a Certificate, signed by the Lords of the Treasury in ,that

there due to the Petitioner, for his Pay, from the 16th of Feb. 1703, to the first Day of 1707, the Sum of JT. $65. u s.

All whiph is submitted to this House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money; and that Mr. Aiftaby, Sir David Dalrymple, Sir John Swin-

ton. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Master ife, Sir Thomas Burnet, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Royal Assent A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Act on. Deputy to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been plealed to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Service of the Year 1708.

An Act for erefling a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plimouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there:

An Act for encouraging the dressing and dying of

woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty on Bread Cloth exported white:

An Act for the Exportation of white woollen Cloth:

An Act for enlarging the Term in an Act, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

Importing A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloib Irish Yarn, after, in the behalf of themselves, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are very sensible of the great Inconveniences, that will fall upon them, if the Irish Yarn be prohibited from being brought into England, whereby vail Numbers of Poor will be wholly deprived of their Liveli-

hood: And praying, the Importation of the said Yarn may be continued, as formerly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the Committee, appointed to receive Proposals in relation to the covering the Cupolo of St. Paul's Church, London; that they had received Proposals accordingly, and had thereupon come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the said Proposals, and Resolution, in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

That the Committee had, pursuant to the Order of the House, received two Proposals, the one, for covering the said Cupolo with Lead, the other with Copper; which the Committee had dire died to be reported to the House, and are hereunto annex'd.

The Estimate of Joseph Roberts, Plumber, for covering the Cupolo of St. Paul's Cathedral, , with

Lead, according to his Contract with the Commissioners for rebuilding the said Church, hearing date the 29th of August, 1707.

THE Area of the said Cupolo (the Moldings being girt) is about 30,000 Feet; to cover which, and to make due Allowances for Lappings and Moldings, will require about 170 Tons of Lead to be call, at 12 to the Foot, and the Charge of Lead, Sodder, Tacks, and Workmanship, will come to about f. 2,500, and and may be performed before Christmas, 1708, if not obstructed. The said Plumber also is ready (if required) to give sufficient Security, that the whole Charge shall not exceed that Sum; and, as he has, in pursuance of his laid Contract, bought the whole Quantity of byshire Lead, pick'd, and of the bell Sort, and has laid Part, and call and raised more, he humbly hopes, that nothing will be done to vacate his said Contract, in the Performance whereof he has made so great a Progress. Witness,

Wm. Dickmfon, Jof. Roberts.

Tho. Cooke.

14th 1707.

IN Obedience to an Order of a Committee of this honourable House, made on last, we, Samuel

Davis, and Co. have taken the Dimensions of the Cupolo of St. Paul's, and find, by the bed Computation we could make, that it contains 16,087 square Feet; which we humbly propose to cover, at two Shillings and four Pence per Foot, with the bell and fined British Copper, of twenty Ounces to a Foot Square, all Charge of Metal, Workmanship, Nails, &c. except Scaffolds; the Metal to be measured, and weighed, before 'tis laid on.

And we are humbly of opinion, that the Laps, Seams, and Cuttings, called Shruff, may amount to about 3,900 square Feet; in which same there may be used Nineteen thousand and Nine hundred and Eighty-seven square Feet; which, at two Shillings and four Pence-per Foot, is Two thousand Three hundred Thirty and one Pound, sixteen Shillings, and four Pence; the Proposers to take back the Cuttings, or Shruff, at fourteen Pence per Pound; and the Weight in Copper will be eleven Tons, Three hundred Three Quarters, and Seven Pounds; The Payments to be made, when- there shall be one fourth Part of the Work done, and so proportionably, according to the Custom of the Building; and no Ornaments to come within this Proposal, but only the Covering } and the whole Work to be done for Three thousand and Fifty Pounds; and the Nails to be Copper, of the same Fineness.

Samuel , and Co.

And that thereupon the Commitcee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Rcfohed,

St. Paul'l Cathedral.

Ways ind Means.

Cook's foundation of Worcester College.

Thomas and Henry, &c. Ship

Garbling

Spices.

6 Ann,

4 3° — 24* Febmarii.

5^7

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Gonufcktee, That the Copolo of St. Paul'it, London* be covered with British Copper.

The said Hesolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Ho«fe, -to comfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may haive Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycift do carty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore have Leave to go into of

the Country, upon extraordiasary Occasions. Absence.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of Danger from 3on attended, fhfcy wefe called In, and, at the Bar, a.c-quainted the House, that they were Ordered by the Ltfrd ,n n on' Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, to lay before this House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council.

And they presented the same to the House accordingly.

And then they withdrew.

And the Petition was redd j setting forth, that the City hath been often in great Danger by the frequent bringing of great Quantities of Gunpowder through the same in Carts, and other Carriages, and particularly London Bridge, by the unloading of Gunpowder near it:

And praying Leave to bring iu a Bill, to prevent the fame

Ordered, That the Petition, do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fairer (according to Order) presented to the Tythes of House, a BiH for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Hemp and Tythes of Hemp and Flax; and the same was received, Flax* and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Stonthouse, Mr. Mr.

Medlyeott, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir 'Thomas Cookes Winf Baronet, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir John De/avall, Mr. Stewart, Sir Patrick Johnson, Sir D. Dalrimfle, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making two large Flyboats, (A/^ftf-built) one called the Thomas and Henry, and the other Richard and Jane, free Ships, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rennet, Mr. Cockbume, Mr. Wort-ley, Sir John Etjkine, Mr. Wilmington, Sir John Haw/es, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repe;sing the Ait, of the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, was committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in.a BUI to F.cclefiaftic*l enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all Ll^in^8 ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of p"rA^ium. fifty Pound, as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payment Of First fruits; and that Mr.

Fernon, Mr. Gwyn, the Lofrd CSir Drake, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord William Powlet reported from the Commit- Address r«-tee, to whom it was referred to draw up an Address re- jPea;nS lating to Captain Kerr; that they had drawn up an Act-dtefs accordingly, which they had directed him to report Convoys, to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the feme was read, and is as follows i viz.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 24* die Februarii;

Anno 6* Anns Regins, 1707.

Praters.

Falaiieau's A PETITION of Peter , Esquire, was pre-

Nat- fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

the Petitioner was born in , and hath resided in

England several Years now last part, and always did, and still doth, profess the true Protestant Religion: And praying, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition} and that Mr. Winnington and Sir Francis do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Old Stretford Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Roads. the repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to DuncAurch, in the County of Warwick; and that Sir John Whitwrong and Sir Francis Masham do prepare, and bring ini the Bill.

Hamilton's An ingrossed Bill for Sale of* Part of the Estate of Lttate. James Hamilton, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of Pairt of die Estate of fames Esquire, deceased. -

Vo R. 15.

May it please your most excellent Majesty:

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having examined the Complaints of several Merchants against Captain William Kerr, late Commander of a Squadron of your Majesty's Ships of Wat in the West Indies, do beg Leave humbly to represent toyour Majesty, that it hath been fully proved, that the Trade to the West Indies, (so beneficial to all your Subjects) has been greatly obstructed and prejudiced by the said Captain William Kerr's exacting Sums of Money from the Merchants for Convoys.

And we do also humbly represent to your Majesty, that the requiring or demanding of Money for Convoys! is illegal, opprcfiive to the Merchants, and destructive to Trade.

We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Commons, humbly desire, that yotir Majesty would be graciously pleased not to employ the said Captain William Kerr in your Majesty's Service for the future.

The laid Address being read a Second timej An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " desire that," and inferring " address ourselves to" in (lead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, " and that your Majesty will be pleased to give Orders, that he may " be prosecuted according to Law."

Arid the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved,

Thomas and

Henry, &c. Ships.

Molloy,«

Estate.

568 24° Februarii. A. 1707

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Act-dress, so amended, to be presented to her Majesty: And the same is as follows; viz.

May it please your most excellent Majesty:

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having examined the Complaints of several Merchants against Captain William Ketr, late Commander of a Squadron of your Majesty's Ships of War in the West Indies, do beg Leave humbly to represent to your Majesty, that it hath been fully proved, that the Trade to the West Indies (so beneficial to all your Subjects) has been greatly obstructed and prejudiced by the said Captain William Kerr's exacting Sums of Money from the Merchants for Convoys.

And we do also humbly represent to your Majesty, that the requiring or demanding of Money for Convoys is illegal, oppressive to the Merchants, and destructive to Trade.

We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Commons, humbly address ourselves to your Majesty, that you would be graciously pleased not to employ the said Captain William Kerr in your Majesty's Service for the future, and that your Majesty will be pleased to give Orders, that he may be prosecuted according to L§w.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to make two large Fly-boats (R<<$rtf-built) one called the Thomas and Henry, and the other the Richard and Janet free Ships, was committed; that they had made some Amendments, to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Irby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Margaret and Mary Molloy, was committed; that they had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had dire died him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where it was once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Amendment be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:.

Tellers for ,h.Y} «.

Tellers for tire Noes, } 6S-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendment was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the several Purchasers of the said Estate might hold and enjoy the.lame to them and their Heirs, as granted to them by the Trustees.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the } 63'

-r r,prt rnr v Sir William Strickland, 7 ,

Tellers for the Noes,^Mr 1157-

Sp it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the stepreferitation of the Commons of Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in therewith the fifth Instant, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Baron Smith and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That no publick Money be granted by Debentures, or otherwise, but by a Committee of Supply.

Resolved, That no Disposition of the publick Money be made, or private Bill relating to the fame, be read, but on a Day to be appointed for that Purpose.

A Petition of the Protestant Purchasers under the Act of Re-alTumptionwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that upon Encouragement of the late Act of Parliament in England, for Sale of the forfeited Estates \n Ireland, the Petitioners did purchase divers of the said Estates; nevertheless, some are kept out of Part, others evicted, others sued, and all apprehensive of the same Fate, by reason those, claiming under the forfeiting Persons, set up dormant Deeds, which divest the said Estates out of the said Trustees: And praying the House to take their hard same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to Justice shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John, now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth, Countess of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are mentioned therein, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Tuckers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Parishes of Hampton, Stroud, WoCdchester, Arning, Rod borough, Uly, Stanlye, and several others, in the County of G/ou-cester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill now designed to procure a Prohibition of the Importation of Irish Yarn, made of Wool, into this Kingdom, should succeed, it will be a great Detriment to the Woollen Manufacture; for that there cannot be Hands enough found to spin up the Wool of this Kingdom and Ireland, and consequently there cannot be Yarn found, to carry on the great Woollen Manufacture, necdTiry for the Trade of this Kingdom, and foreign Markets: And praying this same may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners having heard, there is a Design to obtain an Act for prohibiting the Importation of and they conceive, if it should succeed, it would be a great Prejudice to this Kingdom; because they believe, that, if all the Wool of Ireland should be imported unwrought, there are not Hands enough to spin the fame, and therefore there must be a great Quantity of Irish Wool left un-disposed of; which will fall the Price of the Wool of this Nation, to the Discouragement of Husbandry, and falling of Rents: And praying the Matter may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for railing die Supply granted to her Majesty.,

A Petition

Trustees of Irish For* feitures.

Churrh

blalinest

Grant of

Publick

Alon«y.

Irish forfeited Kftules.

Fail of F.xeter Elute.

Importing Irish Yarn.

Ditto.

Importing Irish Yarn.

Church

Statutes.

Cad India Company.

Church

Statutes.

Call India Company.

DitUy

6 Ann. 240 — 250

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and many other Persons uiing several Trades of manu-fasturing of Wool in and about the City of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for many Yean last past bought great Quantities of Wool, and employed many thousand Persons in manufacturing of the fame, by which they have comfortably subsisted; but by the Importation of great Quantities of Yarn out of Ireland the Petitioners Trade is funk, and in a short Time will be so much reduced, that the Stock of Wool in the Petitioners Hands will not be worth manufacturing, and the Poor not employed: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Coilegiate Churches, be now read} and afterwards the Bill lor alluring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for alluring to the Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One Million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, ana other her Majesty's Occasions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to preserve the Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

A Petition of John Powell, a Proprietor of Part of the Two Millions advanced by Act of Parliament, for the Service of the Crown of England, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill depending, for establishing the East India Company for a longer Term of Years, than was provided by the former Act; and that he conceives, he has a Right to continue to trade, till such time as the whole Two millions is paid off by Parliament; and that he is ready to advance his Proportion of the £. 1,200,000 now intended to be raised by the said Company: And praying to be heard by Counsel.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Vol. 15.

Februarii. 5 69

The Orders of the Day being read j I3 c. n. for

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- governing

ing next, take into Consideration the Act, of the thir- the Natives, teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders, for the regulating, and better Government, of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration her State of War Majesty's Answer to the Address, presented to her with Spain. Majesty the fifth Instant; and also to take into further Consideration the State of the War with Spain,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Deficiency of the Troops in

Spain and Portugal, at the Time of the Battle of Almanza, has been chiefly occafipned by the want of timely and effectual Recruits being sent thither;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, J«7

Tellers for the Noes|^: } a3°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House to her Majesty, for her taking Measures to restore the Affairs of Spain, and for-' providing foreign Troops for that Service.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her, Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when Ihe will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ways whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Mean*» Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 6° Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for the more effectual making and Tone keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater Navigation, to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rendering more st Paul's effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Cathedral. Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls, London, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Frauds in redressing, and preventing, several Frauds and evil Stamp Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster , and that Mr. Pock Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Manley,. Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Farter, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

7 E Mr.

FalaizeaiTs

Nat.

Stop ford's Eit ate.

Irish Arrears.

Portstrtouth

Haifcour.

Earl of Exeter's Estate.

Cherril

11ill Roads

fctephetiV Eli ate.

570 25* Fehrmrii. 1707*

Mr. Wimington (according to Order) prefen ted to the

House, a Bill to naturalize Peter Falaizeau, Esquire: and the same was received, and read a First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. AnneJIey (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable James Esquire, to fell

certain Lands in the County of for Payment

of his Debts: and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refelved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Medylcott reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, was referred, the Matter, as it appered to them, which they had directed him to report to the House j and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read j and is as followeth:

That the Committee having taken into Confederation the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, that in the Year 1689 there was an Establishment for Hospitals to attend the Sick and Wounded, during the War in Ireland; and that the Petitioner, by a Commission, signed by his late Majesty, dated the first Day of February, i68^-0, was appointed Governor of the said Hospitals.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by an Account, duly examined by Edward Harley, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprefts, that there due to the Petitioner, as Governor of the said Hospitals in Ireland, the Sum of £. 188. 3 s. 24 d.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner hath been at very great Charges in passing his Account both in England and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Iteport do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fulham (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the removing, and preventing, of Shoals and Sand in the Port and Harbour of,

and the speedier and better ballasting her Majesty's Men of War, and other Ships and Vessels, for the Benefit and SuppO.t of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom } and the same was received.

An ingrafted Bill From the Lords,* intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John, now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth, Countess of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are mentioned therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Fra.Masham, Sir H. D. , Sir Richard Have, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Neville, Mr. Cecil!, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bertie, Lord Conning s by, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Scobell, Mr. , Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Brantley, Sir John Arejkine, Mr. Freeman, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Compton, Sir Pet. Hackett, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Trey anion, Mr. Jreton, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Scott, Mr. Bcnfon, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bere, Lord Woodstock, Sir Richard Onfloive, Mr. Halford, Mr. AnneJIey, Mr. IVret ley; and all for the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, and Rutland: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Amendment of that Way, which leads from Cherril, through Cains, to Studley Bridge, in the County of V/iIts, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act, for foiling the Estate of Thomas Stephens, Esquire, in the Counties of Chesterand Stafford, and for settling of

another Estate, of as great or greater Value, in the County of Glocester, to the same Uses } to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Cannings by acquainted the House, that her Queeu «p- Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by pom" this House upon Friday next, at Two a Clock in the a n Afternoon, at her Palace at St James's.

Mr. Secretary Beyle acquainted the House, that he Arrear* of was commanded by her Majesty to lay before the House ^utch several Papers, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the 1 e£iraenti-thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War.

And he presented the feme to the House accordingly;

viz.

The same of the thirteen Dutch Regiments, who are still in Arrear of Pay for their Service in the late War; and also.

The Report of the Auditors about the Accounts of Mr. Vender Efch; and also,

The humble Petition and Reply of John Hullangins to some of the Observations, made by the Auditors of the Imprest to the Abstract of the regimental Account of the Dutch Forces.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

And said Papers are as follow; viz.

The same of the thirteen Dutch Regiments, who are still in Arrear of Pay for their Service in the late War.

T H AT of Eight-and-twenty Dutch, and fix English and Scotch Regiments, who came over with the late King William (of glorious Memory) upon the Resolution, twelve Regiments were font back to Holland in March, 1684, folly paid and cleared, without any Deduction; and the fix English and Scotch Regiments were in 1692 transferred to the English Establishment, under the Care of the E^rl of Ranelagh, and since fully cleared in Debentures; and one Troop and one Regiment of Dutch Horse Guards, and three Battalions of Foot Guards, were in March, 1699, dismissed the English Service, and fully cleared their Pretensions, in ready Money, by Vote of Parliament.

Thus One-and-twenty of the said Four-and-thirty Regiments being paid, there remain only thirteen Regiments, who had the Misfortune to be dismissed the English Service, upon the Peace of Ryjwick, without being cleared their Arrears for their long and faithful Services.

That, upon several prefiing Instances of the States General, by Letters from time to time to her Majesty, the Auditors of the Imprest have been directed to examine, and state, the Account of Receipts and Payments, of Jacob Vander Efch, who was by his late Majesty's Order appointed Paymaster to the Dutch, and

Saxe Gotha's Troops, as also to examine, and state, the regimental Accounts; by whose Reports there appears, that the said Vander Efch is in Surplus^. 601. 155. 9

and that there remains due to thel'e thirteen Regiments, ferae General Officers, with incident Charges, the Sum of £. 112,666. 1 s.9 Id.whereof81,039. 1 s. ispurdy

an Arrear of Subsistence for the Year 1697, most part of which Subsistence the respective Officers were then obliged to borrow at high Interest, to keep their Men from starving; which, by so long a Delay of Payment has already been the Ruin of many of them, and will unavoidably be so of the rest, if not speedily relieved.

All which, in the Name of the Officers and Soldiers of the said Regiments, together with the Widows and Orphans of such of them, as lost their Lives in the Service of England, is humbly submitted to the Justice

and Equity of this honourable House by J. Ha/lungins,

As hereto authorized by the States General of the United Provinces.

Sir,

6 Ann. . 25'Fetruani.

Sir, _______

IN Obedience to her Majesty's Commands, signified to us by your Letter of the 7th Instant, we fend you inclosed an Abstract of the Account of the Debt, due to the Dutch Regiments, &c. in the last War, under the Care of Mr. Funder Ef as also an Abstract of

the said Mr. Fan A rrEJch's Receipts and PaymeQts

to the said Dutch and other Forces, with our Observations thereupon, and a Copy of the Opinion of her Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General, relating *ko

the said Accounts, ia. order to he laid before her Majesty. We arc. '

air,

17th January, . Your most faithful and tnoft

1 -jq7, humble Servants,

E. Harley, '

A. Maynwaoing.

Ay

in

t*

D

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

n

Aw ABSTRACT of the Pay of several Dutch and other Forces, late under the care of Mr. Jacob Fancier and employed in the Service of England in the late War, for the respective Times of their Service between the ift of 1688, and the 25th of March, 1699.

Full Pay, according to his late Majesty's Orders, or Establidinaents Money paid in part thereon Such Deductions of Poundage, Day's Pay, Transpor- Money remaining due to

by Mr. Jacob Vander E/ch. tation, and other Charges, as have been aChially made. clear the said Forces.

General Officers: Amongst whom are two Commanders in Chief in Ireland for one' and the same time, who are also both paid as Generals for the said Time; and L *. d. / / £. s. d. £ ' d.

Duke of Schomberg is paid as Field Marshal by Mr. Fonder altho' the said,) Duke was paid by the Earl of Ranelagh, as General, at one and the same Time - 1 To one Troop, and 16 Regiments, oif Horse, at English Pay, for their respective^ Times of Service before the 31 ft of March, 1692, and afterwards af Dutch Pay (except two Regiments, continued in England) and for full numbers, in Confederation of their railing Recruits at their own Charge, but paid partly without 7°>358 *4 xo 66,347 7 2± '*537 6 2,474 1 7

Establishments, upon his late Majesty's Orders only, not duly counter-signed; whereof the said Troop, and 14 of the Regiments, have been cleared until sundry Times in the Year 1690, to which they were paid by the said Orders, and the other Two Regiments as far as the last of March, 1692, with the Deductions of Poundage, and Day's Pay, to the Times aforesaid - - J To Two Regiments of Dragoons, paid in like manner, without Deduction', till the! Times in the Year 1690, to which they were cleared by his late Majesty's Orders - j,) 1,276,850 7 —; 3IX»3l3 *3 8 ','7S>1*3 S 9 39,921 n 104 61,215 9 4*

370,484 16 IO-J- 2*427 9 9i 16,401 7 —

To 14 Regiments, and Four Companies, of Foot, paid in like manner Memorandum: That the Troop and Regiment of Horse Guards, and the Regiment of Foot Guards, have been cleared, without Deduction, from the 1 ft of April 1602: But the 13 Regiments, to whom the aforesaid Arrears is due, have been duly charged with the said Deductions from the Year 1690, to which Time they were paid full by the King's Orders, as aforesaid. In the Vouchers for Mr. Fander Efch's Payments there are some Receipts wanting, and other Defects appear, for the Sum of £. 22,761. 8 s. 7^ d. but the said Forces have accepted the whole, as a due Charge upon them. Contingencies, paid by Orders of his late Majesty - Claimed, as due to the Veer Van Oytn, as a Brigadier of Horse, from the first of-June, 1690, to the ift of May, 1691, upon a Certificate of the late Earl of Athlone, that he served in that Quality, £. 501 claimed, upon the said Certificate; for the Pay of Peter Ferghar/on, as Major of Brigade to the said Brigadier, for 164 Days within that Time, £. 82. In both - There appears to be further due to Mr. Coot, Marshal of the Dutch Foot Guards,"j for several Disbursements, for the Use of that Regiment, between the ift of March, [ 1,190,828 6 51-33,812 17 1 1,120,562 19 IO$ 33»8iz 7 ' 39,065 9 114 31,199 16 7*

1 > 583 — —

1694, and last of December, 1697, according to two Bills of Particulars, examined,! and allowed by his late Majesty's Warrant thereupon, the Sum of - - -J h - - m m m m 9 28 17 3

35* Februarii. 1707.

o

♦-rj

g

(O'

n'

CD

CL

CT

r

a

Mr. Gerard Sohnius, Agent to Mr. Vander , prays, he may be allowed, by virtue"1 of his late Majesty's Sign manual, dated the 16th of , 169$, after the

Rate of ioj. per diem, he being the only Person appointed and detained by his said late Majesty, to keep and make up the Accounts of these Forces, and has been constantly employed therein, and in attending, and answering the Preempts of, the Commissioners of Accounts, and the Auditors -He therefore prays, he may be paid at that Rate from the ifl of , 1697, to

the 8th of March, 1701, to which Time only, he conceives, he is entitled to that

Allowance by the said Order, amounting to -

Total -

Memorandum: That, over and besides the Sums before charged to the Regiments fully cleared, there appears by tire Accounts of the Commissioners of Transportation to be further chargeable on the said Regiments, and several Officers, for Provisions and Necessaries furnished them in their Transportation, the Sum of £.$,897. ,5f* 7$^-

And there appears to have been paid to the Regiment of Foot Guards by the E»gHJhand Irijf: Paymasters, which being neither notified by Mr. Vander , or

made a Charge upon him, has not been deducted from the Clearings of the said Regiment - - £.1,432. 6s. o

And by reason the Certificates of Moneys, chargeable by the Irish Paymasters, and Commissioners for Transportaion, on the Regiments of Cults, , and Babington, afterwards Seymour's, Fairfaxe's, and Colenbins, were not made, till after the said

Regiments were taken from under Mr. Vander Care, the Money paid by the said Vander Efcb, together with the Money chargeable by the said Certificates, have occasioned an over Pay to the said Regiments of - £.7,608. 15 n\d.

But by a Clause in the Act of Parliament, for reviving the Act for the Commissioners for (biting the Debts of the Army, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That the said Regiments be charged by the Earl of with such Sums only, as were received by them since the first of , 1692, which was the

Time the said Regiments began to be paid by the said Earl of Ranelagh.

It is notexprefs'd in the Estimatedelivered into the House of Commons, upon which the £. 600,000 was given by Parliament for his late Majesty's Expedition to England, to what Time the said Regiments were paid by the said Sum; but it appears, that the two Sums, allowed in the said Estimate for Pay of the Land Forces, amounting to 922,636 Gilders, 12 Stivers, 14 p. make up their Pay exactly from the 18th of 168S (being the Day, upon which they began their March in order to their Embarkation) to the 31st of December following, and no farther, the same being computed according to a printed Dutch Establishment of the said Forces, produced to us.

By the Regimental Account it appears, that the Deductions of one Day's Pay, and Poundage, have not been fully made from the said Forces.

The said Deductions, for the Times they were paid English Pay, had the same been regularly made, would have amounted £. s. d. to the Sum of - -- -- - 120,626 5 3!

Of which there has been deducted no more than - - 51,428 12 5

Remains undedufted - - - - £. 69,197 12 icj

2,883,163 19 — I

2,666,921 6 9i

104,951 17 Si

763 10 —

2

111,666 1 9i

K>

o

a

r

I:

cn

vl

Us)

a e»

F 3-|

HI

Arrear* of Dutch Regi-ratnts.

574 15° Februarii. A. 1707.

Lastly, It w «nafted by a Clause in the Act of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners for examining the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be imprest or paid to the Colonels, or other Officers, of these Forces, in behalf of themselves, or their respective Regiments, until Mr. Vander Efch should have duly appeared before the said Commissioners, and have regularly made up his Accounts, and until the said Accounts should be pass'd and allowed in such Form, as the said Commissioners should direct. E. Harley,

17th January, 1707. A.

Alt ABSTRACT of Mr. Vander Efcb's Account, as Paymaster to the Dutch, Danish, and Saxe Forces,

between 3id of December, 1688, and the lad of , 1700.

[Money received of the Paymaster of the English, and Irish Forces ——

Of Mr. Fielding, Commissary of Provisions Owned to be received at the Exchequer without

Account - ....

Whereof,

Paid to the Dutch Forces....

To the Danish Forces upon Account, according to the Establishment -

To the Saxe Gotha Forces, according to the Establishment ——

The

Discharge.

£ d.

3,006,055 5

1,30° —

The said Payments to these Forces are made pursuant to Establishments, without Warrants for Pay, or Muster-rolls.

The Accomptant claims Allowance of the £. 20,000' before charged, as received at the Exchequer without Account, which his late Majesty, by Writing under his Sign manual, signified, that Mr. Vander Efch had answered to him; but to what Uses the same was applied,

does not appear to us -

Remains - - I

Against which,

The Accomptant has placed to Account, as paid to Rudolph Kein, \ for secret Service, pursuant to his late Majesty's Orders -

And for the Pay of English Recruits, sent to Ireland under the Care of three English Regiments on the Dutch Establishment, which Re- f cruits were raised (as is alleged) to compleat other English Regiments, f and the said Pay therefore not chargeable on these Forces - - '

Which if allowed, the Accomptant will be in Surplus the Sum of -

s. d.

i\

3,027,3 55 5 1

20,000 2,666,921 6

308,106 13 5

28,748 — 8'

J

20,000 ——

3,023,77 6 — toj-

500

3»681

3*5193 4,181 — —

£. 601 15 of

Memorandum: The Accomptant has not charged himself with any Intereston Tallies, Exchequer Bills, or with any Deductions for Poundage, Day's Pay, or Hospital Charges, Bread, or Forage, or any other voluntary Charge j but by the regimental Account some of the Regiments appear to have been charged therewith for the Time they were in Ireland, and with Day's Pay and Poundage for Part of the Time they served in England: And Mr. Hill,

the Lord Ranelagh's Deputy, hath certified, that he did constantly charge to Mr. Vander Efch all Deductions for

Bread, Forage, and for the Hospitals, chargeable on them, according to the King's Orders; and that they did allow, and pay, all Sums justly to be paid by them. E. Harley,

17th Januar. 170^-. A. Maynwaring.

To the Right honourable Sidney Earl of , Lord High Treasurer of May it please your Lord fh ip:

IN Obedience to your Lordship's Commands, signified to us by Mr. Lowndes, we have considered the Memorial of Jacob Vander Efch, Esquire, late Paymaster to the Dutch Forces, and of his Cafe, and the Opinion of his Counsel thereupon s and are humbly of Opinion, that the Clause relating to Mr. Vander Efch, contained in the Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for dating the publick Accounts, is not any Objection against making up, and declaring, the said Mr. Vander Efch's Accounts, according to the Course of the Exchequer.

But, notwithstanding his Accounts should now be made up, and declared, according to the Course of the Exchequer, yet no Sum of Money can be imprested, issued, or paid, thereupon, till Provision be made for that Purpose by Act of Parliament.

All wh ch is most humbly submitted to your Lordship. Sim. Harcourt,

June 13th, 1707.

To her most excellent Majesty the Queen of Great Britain: Some Answers to the Observations, made by the Auditors of the Imprest to the Abstract of the regimental Accounts of the Dutch and other Forces under Mr. Vander Efch's Care, during the late War, most humbly offered by John Hallingins, authorized, as well

by the Regiments, still in Arrears, as by the States General of the United Provinces:

Most humbly Iheweth,

THAT, since it hath pleased your Majesty to order the Auditors of the Imprest, that an Abstract of the Debts, due to the Dutch Regiments, should be laid before your . so as it (lands before them, and your Petitioner finding, that the same are charged with many Observations, whereof most Part belongs to some Dutch and other Forces, already cleared at their Dismission;

Your Petitioner most humbly craves Leave to offer to your Majesty a Reply to the following Observations, relating to the Regiments still in Arrear;

1 Observation: Why those Regiments were paid full, without Muster-rolis, or Refpits.

To which is most humbly answered, that his late Majesty considering the great Charges those Dutch and German Regiments were at in making their Recruits all beyond Sea, in Holland, Germany, Prussia, and his late Majesty, out of good Husbandry, rather chose to allow those Forces their full Pay, since it is evident, that the Charges of making the le Recruits in these foreign Countries, and the Transportations thereof, would have amounted to a far greater Sum, than those Refpits could have reached; and therefore his Majesty thought fit to order Mr. Vander Efch, that all those Regiments should be paid full, in Consideration of which they should be obliged to find the Recruits at their own

Charge;

6 Ann.

25° Febr

575

Charge; by which great Sums have been laved to the Publick, and therefore rather was a Burthen, than an Advantage, to those Regiments, his Majesty making at the Beginning of each Campaign a very exact Review of those Forces, that no Men, nor Horses, could be wanting.

2d Observation: Why the Deductions of one Day's and Poundage had not fully been made.

To this Article of undeducted Poundage, being made up to a great Sum of £.69,197. 12 is most

humbly replied, that when, after the happy Resolution, his late Majesty kept those Forces in England, it was by meer Connivance of the States General, who at that then dangerous Conjuncture of Time were uneasy to be deprived of their bed Forces, and therefore demanded their Forces back, which appears by the twelve Dutch Regiments that were sent them back in March 1684; and the Stay of the rest being uncertain, his late Majesty could not bring those Forces upon a regular Establishment, but caused their Pay to be made to them by monthly Orders under his royal Sign manual, without Direction of any Deduction of one Day's Pay, and Poundage (his Majesty seeming unwilling, that those Forces, who had been assisting in (b glorious an Expedition, and whose Stay was always uncertain, should be charged with any Deduction) till they were lent to Ireland, and then by the States General Permission were ordered to make Oath of Fidelity to the late King, and the Crown of England, the Stales General being then provided with other German Forces in the Room of these Regiments; till then, I say. Poundage was not deducted, First, because Mr. Fander Efck had no Authority nor Diretion for the same: And Secondly, it agrees with very good Reason, that those Forces, who never could expet the Benefit of a Charge, designedly made for that Purpose, ought not to be charged therewith: And since it is evident, that the one Day's Pay, and Poundage, is made on purpose for the keeping of old and disabled Soldiers in and about Chelsea College, and partly for the Expence of the Pay Office, and Exchequer Fees, it is, under Submission, thought, that th Forces ought

not to be charged with such Deductions, since their disabled and superannuated Soldiers have no Title or Admittance to Chelsea College; and sincealfo Mr. Vander Efcb, as Paymaster, has had his Allowance out of their own Pay, without any Allowance from the Crown; for which Reason all the Dutch Regiments applied to his late Majesty for Relief, when after the Reduction of Ireland, the Irish Paymasters charged them with one Day's Pay, and Poundage; and his late Majesty from time to time promised them, that at a general Clearing such Deductions should be allowed them, if not fully, at least one Half thereof,

Befid'es, it appears, that out of the abovesaid great Article of undeducted Poundage there belongs to the Regiments, paid and cleared already,

1. To the 12 Dutch Regiments, £. s. d.

sent away in March, i68f - - 1,349 6 8

2. To the fix English and Scots Regiments, who were taken from

under Mr. Vander EJch'sCare - - 8,537 16 il

3. To the Dutch Troop and Regiment of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Foot Guards, who were

lent out of England in March, 1699 - 44,999 5 ioj

These Guards were cleared in the Year 1693 of all their Irish Arrears; till the last of March, 1692; since which Time they continued in English Pay till 25th March, 1699; and it was then thought an Hardship upon his late Majesty to part with them:

So that it is, with Submission, supposed, that, for their long and faithful Service about his royal Person, his Majesty thought fit to pay them their last Clearings, without Deri uction of one Day's Pay, and Poundage, as a Mark of his royal Vot. \&.

Tenderness and Bounty, especially, when an express Vote of the honourable House of Commons had made Provision for their full Pay.

4. Remains therefore chargeable upon the 13 Regiments (till in Arrear, to compleat that above great Article, only - - - - 14,311 4

Arrears of Dutch Regiments.

£.69,197 12 ioi

And this only out of their Pay, and Clearings, made to them from the ift of January, 1684, to the sundry Times in the Year 1690, when sent to; since which 1

Times all Deductions have been made from them.

Here I take the Liberty most humbly to submit to your Majesty's Wisdom and Goodness, if it will consist either with Equity or Justice, that these poor 13 Regiments should now be charged with this Deduction, more than all the rest have been, and this to be taken out of their Arrears of the Year 1697, when it is evident, 1.

That these Regiments, from the Beginning of the Resolution till the End of the late War, have very faithfully served the Crown of England in all Actions, and great Part of them lost their Lives in this Service in Ireland, and in Flanders: Therefore, 2. It would be a very great Hardship to their Widows and Children, or Successors, if they should be made liable to a Deduction for the Year 1689, and this from a then compleat Pay, and Clearing, which Clearing was taken for granted, and never since thought of, 3. And this Hardship would be the greater to the Officers now in being, when it appears by Mr. Hills Account, that of this great Debt £.81,039. is. are barely Arrears of Subsiste nee; so that the Officers were obliged to take up Money on great Interest, to keep their Men from starving; which Interest amounted, from the Year 1697 to December, 1701, to upwards of £. 16,000, and far exceeds the Poundage claimed from them.

All which is most humbly submitted to your Majesty's Equity and Justice; hoping, that your Majesty will be moved by the Sufferings these 13 Regiments have been, and are still, labouring under by being detained so long from the Payment of these Arrears; and that your Majesty will be pleased to recommend this just Debt to your present Parliament, that at last they may be relieved, by receiving in Army Debentures an equal Payment with the rest of the Army, for their long and faithful Service.

And your Petitioner, as in most humble Duty bound,

shall ever pray. J. Hallangins.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, be referred to a Committee of the whole House; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Equivalent who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the fur- for Scotland, ther directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, that they do therein provide, that Power be given to the Commissioners of the Equivalent to make Payment of a full Year's Pension to the Poor on her Majesty's Charity Roll, in part Payment of what is due to them preceding the first of May, 1707, and that out of the first and readied of the Money remaining in their Hand appointed for Payment of the Debts upon the Civil List as also to the late Bishops, and their Representatives.onc full Yeai's Pension of her Majesty's Charity.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they make Provision to impower the Commissioners for the Equivalent to make Payment to all and every of the Persons upon the Military Lift equally, and pro rata, in Proportion to the Money, that shall be in their Hands, appointed for Payment of such Debts, and to all and every

15° — 26°Febmarii.

A. 1707.

of the Persons upon the Civil list in like manner, out of the Money, appointed for Payment of the said Debts, without Preference, or Distinction;

The House divided:

The Teas go forth:

Trite so, he Yeas, } 84.

Tellm for the . } 84.

The Voices being equal, Mr. Speaker declared for the Noes.

So it paised in the Negative.

King* Lynn Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the cleft ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Kings Lym, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Robert Walpole, Esquire, who is appointed to be her Majesty's Secretary at War.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Rogers and Mr.

Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

Militia of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland. for settling the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

American Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next. Trade. at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade; and nothing to intervene.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Tonage and House, a Bill for continuing one Half Part of the Sub-Poundage. fidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pound per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses therein expressed; and the same was received.

Way* Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the and Mean*. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, two Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon all Woollen Yarn, and bay or Worsted Yarn, imported from Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon all Woollen Yarn be after the Rate of five Shillings for every hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Bay or."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out, at the End thereof, " from land."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That a further Duty be laid upon Woollen Yarn, and Worsted Yarn imported.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Q;ueftion being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Trite for }7S.

Trite for he Noes,f 8|.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the said further Duty upon all Woollen Yarn be after the Rate of five Shillings for every hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds.

A Bill for making a Harbour at East Tarbett, in the East Tarbett Shire of Argyle, was read a Second time. Harbour.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Con-ingjby, Mr. Ogle, Sir James CampbellMr. Moor, Peyton, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Poultney, Mr.

Sir Ro. Pollock, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rob.

Eden, Sir William Seamen, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Yates,

Mr. Ashby, Sir Jo. Awbrey, Mr. Grey, Sir David -

rymple, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ireton, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Compton, Sir John Swinlon, Sir Fran.

Majhtm, Sir Wm.Dairies-, and all that serve for Scotland, and the four Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Four of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 6° Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Prayers.

DETER Falaizeau took the Oaths appointed, in * order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies Supply Bill; of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Tonage and Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which Poundage, were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pound per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses therein expressed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of Colonel Richard Relief of Col. Sutton, and other Aids de Camp, be read a Second time Sutton, &c. Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) presented to jjann-erQf the House, a Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the drawing seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for Waggons on amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Highways. Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Parke'* D«L>t Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for 10 the Crown, the Time being, to compound with Richard Parke,

Citizen, and late Merchant of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Carr, Sir Gilbert Heathcole, Sir John Cope, Sir David DMr. Diston, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir H.

Johnson, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Calthorp, Sir Wa. Young, Mr.

Molesworth.

6 Ann.

26° — 27® Febrtiarii.

577

Molesworth, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Robert Edon, Lord Bowne, Mr. Mr. R/Ve, Mr. JV<?-

vill, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Htllerfdon, Sir Geo. Beaumont,

Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Wollaft, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Onflowe, Mr. CholmleyMr. , Mr. Chafe, Mr. Moore, Mr. Masters, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Ashly, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Fulham; and all the Merchants'of the House: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon,' in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend For Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stephens' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftau, for felling the Estate of Thomas Stephens, Esquire, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate, of as great, or greater, Value, in the County of Gloucester, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And Copies of several Indentures of former Returns for the said Borough Were produced, proved, and read

‘viz.

8* Apr. - - t3,-J 9* Mar. - - 29,

18* 26" 28*

Sept. - - 31 Februarii, 31, Februani, 33,

1 Cat. II.

Mdr. 1 Jac. II.

Mar.z Will.& Mari*. Julii, 10 Willielmi.

13* Januarii, 12

elmi.

20

11'

27

Bagot's An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Elinor Bagot, was Relief: read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Elinor Bagot.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Paterson'g A Petition of William Esquire, was pre-

Claims. fented to the House, and read j setting forth, that he hath been at great Expence and Pains, and sustained very con side ruble Losses, on account and at the instance of the African and Indian Company of Scotland: That by the 15th Article.of the Treaty of Union it was agreed, that, after the necessary Allowance for the Losses, private Persons might sustain in reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard of the Capital Stock of

the said Company, together with Interest at Five per Cent. should be paid out of the Equivalent: And praying, that his Claims to Moneys for his Services, and Losses, may be considered, and he be satisfied for the same out of the Equivalent Money.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir David Dalrimple, Sir John Swinlon, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. Mountgomery, Mr. , Mr.

Craggs, Mr. Moore; Mr. Hungerford, Lord Sir Jof. Jekyl, Sir Wm. Brake, Mr. Green, Mr. Proby, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Hawles, Sir John Cope, Mr. An-nefley. Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Ashby, Mr. , Sir

Robert Edon, Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Monfton, Sir Andrew Ilume, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bulleele; and all for North Britain: And they are to meet at Fivoa Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gun-makers, Ordered, That all Parties, concerned in the Matter of &c* the Petitions of the Gun-makers, be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

Preventing Mr. Medlycott (according to Order) presented to the

Mischiefe by House, a Bill for the better preventing Mischiefs, that ire* may happen by Fire; and the same was received.

Bribery at Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better pre-Elediona. venting Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Afliburton The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Election, hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon.

And Counsel on both Sides attending, they were called in, and heard, and several Witnesses examined on both Sides, touching the Right of Election of the Voters for Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough. Voi. 15.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro* posed. That the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders, having Lands, of Tenements, holden of the said Borough only;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " only

Which being opposed by divers Members, the Ballot* ing was demanded.

And then the Question being put. That the Word " only" stand part of the Question;

The Balloting was prepared, according to the Orders of the House for that Purpose; and Sir Godfrey Copley and Mr. Henley were appointed by Mr. Speaker to attend the Box: And the Clerk, and Clerk-assistant, went with the Box, and Balls, and the said Two Members with them, round the several Benches of the House; and the Members fitting in their Places, took the Balls, and put them into the Box: After which th Box was carried to the Clerk's Table; and after counting the Balls at the Table by the Clerks, in the Presence of the said two Members (who flood one at e^ch End of the Table) the two Members went to the Bar, and came up to the Table (as usual, on other Occasions of reporting) and reported to Mr. Speaker;

That the Yeas were 189, and the Noes 148.

V/hereupon Mr. Speaker declared the Numbers, and that the Yeas had it.

Then the main Question was put; and it was

Resolved, That the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders, having Lands, or Tenements, holden of the said Borough only.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr;

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution:'

Upon which the Counsel for the Petitioners said, they would not give the House any further Trouble.

And thereupon the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

Resolved, That Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnson, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Gun-mak»rs,

Bulteel, Mr. Scobell, Serjeant Whit acre, Mr. Clayton, Mf. ^c> Kent, Colonel Byerley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Heytham,

Mr. Harvey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gun-makers, and Gun-lock-makers, in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on behalf of themselves, and many hundreds of Workmen of the said Trades in and about the said Town, and Towns adjacent, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 270 die Februarii 5

Anno 6° Annas Regins, 1707.

PR AVERS.

Jl/fARY Dewtry took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

A Petition of Lieutenant Francis Lavis, Lieutenant Half-pay William Sanderson, Isabella Brown, and Margaret Hai- Arrtw*. flam. Widows of Lieutenant Brown and Lieutenant Ralph Haijlam, on behalf of themselves, and the Offi-' cers and Widows of Officers, that were upon 'the 7 G Half-pay

1 a thews* Estate.

JPortsmouth

Harbour.

Preventing . ^lifchiefs by Fire.

Old Stratford Hoads.

Linen Manu future.

JElalf-pay

'Arrears,

578 2 70 Februa A.inon,

Half-pay, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, that it does not appear by the Earl of Rane-lagh's Account of Half-pay, made up with the Auditors of the Imprest, that any more than £.79,331. iox. has been paid the Petitioners, out of £. 94,000 put into his Lordship's Hands for that Use: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Henry D.

Colt, Mr. Ireton, Sir Fran. , Mr. , Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Lout her, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Graunt, Mr. Bttrrard, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Fran.

Sir James Campbell \Mr. Palmes, Sir Patrick,

Mr. Stewart, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Gale, Sir Henry Liddell, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Farrer, Mr. IVebb, Sir John Aubry, Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Mr. Mayne, Mr. Offley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Mr. Ogilvie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Owen, Sir John Swin-

ten, Mr. Baintun, Sir Robert , Major General -lawney, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Tho. IVebJler, Sir Edward Williams, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Manley, Mr. Thornhaugh: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Mary Ktwiedt and others, Creditors and Legatees, of Nathaniel Mathews, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to fell some Copyhold Estate in the County of Surrey, to discharge Debts and Legacies charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pitfeld and Sir Francis Masham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the removing, and preventing, of Shoals and Sands in the Port and Harbour of Portsmouth, and the speedier and better ballasting her Majesty's Men of War, and other Ships and Vessels, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Whitrong (according to Order) presented to

the House, a Bill for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to in the County of Warwick; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Bill for the more effectual making, and better regulating, the Linen Manufacture, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Patrick Johnston, Mr. Farrer, the Lord Wm. Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Haddon, Sir Peter Hackett, the Lord Rulkeley, Mr. Tates, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Conyers, Sir James Campbell, the Lord Cmningsby, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Palmes, Sir Henry D. Colt, Mr. Mr. Mont-

gomery, Mr. Campbell, Sir Robert Pollock, Mr. Darcy, Sir John Swinton, Sir John Erjkin, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Crahme, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Anneflye, Mr. Benson, Mr. Ward, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Morley, Mr. Offley, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bottler, Mr. Powlett, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Molefworlb, Mr. Annejly-, and all the Members, that serve for North Britain', and all the-Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Captain John Fitz Gerald was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that about 20th

,8P

April, 1699, he petitioned the then House of Commons, setting forth, that he had then £. 584 Arrears due to him of his Half-pay; and prayed, he might be paid, and continued; upon which the House was pleased to order him into the Lift of Half-pay Officers; but he hath not received one Shilling since t And praying he may be ordered his Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lieutenant Franjts Lavis, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of George Lawjon, Robert Weemes, Thomas Snowden, and James Hirdman, Prisoners in the Fleet, was presented to the House. and read; setting forth, that having suffered great Losses at Sea, and by their Correspondents abroad, and Extents having been issued against them, at the Suit of her Majesty, for divers great Sums of Money, for which they have been Prisoners above a Year, and all they have in the World not near sufficient to pay and satisfy her Majesty's Debt: And praying, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord Treasurer to compound for the Debts, due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Thomas Conyers, and Sir Robert Edon, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Debts were due to the Crown from any Persons, who have, by virtue of Acts of Parliament, compounded with the Lord High Treasurer, and of what Moneys have been paid in upon such Compositions, and who were the Sureties for the Persons, who so compounded.

A Petition of the People, called Quakers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Act for the Affirmation, instead of an Oath, granted to the said People in England, doth not extend (notwith-standing the Union of the two Kingdoms) to the said People in Scotland: That the kind Intention of Ease to the scrupulous Consciences, with respect to Oaths, which the Legislature of England manifested in the said Act towards the said People, hath not fully answered the good Design thereof, many of the said People, not only in the Northern Counties, but also in divers other Parts of England, remaining scrupulous of using the said Affirmation, even when their own Property is concerned, because they think the Title of the Act seems to intimate, as if it was an Oath, tho' not in usual Forms and that there are Expressions in the Affirmation itself, which are too much like an Oath: That in the Northern Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, the People, called Quakers, . , . all generally of the mind of those, who scruple the taking of the Affirmation in that Part of Great Britain called England: And praying, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief both in.

England and Scotland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for giving Ease to the People, called Quakers, in that Part of the united Kingdom, called Scotland, by establishing the same Affirmation to be taken there, which is en-> joined to be taken in England, instead of an Oath; and that Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Ltgard, and Mr. Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of Duties upon Salt, carried Coast-wife, and also an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, in relation to certain Salt-works near the

Sea-fide,

II ird man's, &c. Debts tt the Crown*

Debts due t§ the Crown.

Scotch Quakers Affirmation.

Salt carried CoalHviie.

6 AtfN. 27* — 28'

Sea-fide, and Bay of Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1 Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, that Mr.

Thomas Rich, Rupert his Attorney, and Ralph

Armfield, Constable, had upon Saturday last taken up tValter Nankevall, a Covenant Servant to Edward Strode, Esquire (a Member of this House) and carried him to Newgate, where he is detained upon a pretended Escape Warrant, tho* the Parties had Notice, he was such Servant, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and that they do report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. \

fruiters and Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put

Convoy*. t|jem jn mjnc| of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the said Mef-sage.

Bribery at An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing Bribery

lileaions. an(j Corruption, and other undue Practices, in eleding Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause was amended:

And then it was read the Third time; and the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall be capable of being chosen a Member in any future Parliament, who hath been expelled for receiving Money for Service done as a Member of Parliament.

And the same was otice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in electing Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that their

Addrest. Address, in relation to Captain had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer, That (he would comply with the said Address.

Duties oa Mr. Secretary Boyle also acquainted the House, that I-uwb. her Majesty had commanded him to lay before this House, Copies of several Memorials, presented to her Majesty, and the Lord Treasurer, by Monsieur Vryberge, Envoy Extraordinary from the States General, and by Mr. Taverner, employed by them in this Matter, representing an Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen and that of Germany, and complaining of the high Duties on Thread and Tapes; and also Reports from the Lords Commissioners of Trade, Commissioners of the Customs, and Charles Davenant, Esquire, Inspector General of the Customs, thereupon, and other Papers relating the reunto.

And Mr. Secretary Boyle presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Memorials, and Reports, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session, 12 or 13 Papers, besides a Book.

Ordered, That the said Memorials, and Reports, be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. \6.

Februarii. 579

Resolved, That tlfs House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- East India ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ompany" House, upon the Bill for alluring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred Thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- . m ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Relief of Col, Richard Sutton, and other Aides de Camp, be read a Sutton*Scc' Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Paterson'e Thornhagb, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir IVm. Colonel CIa'ms-

Stanley, Mr. IVinington, Mr. Baljh, Mr. Tredenham, Mr.

Gale, Mr. Manley, Mr. Farrer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Paterson,

Esquire, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati) 2 8° die Februarii;

Anno 6* Annae Regime, 1707.

Prayers.,

MR. Pocklington (according to Order) presented to *rauds,n

the House, a Bill for redrelfing and preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, made in the ate‘ first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, An Act for raising Fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Masham, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Pollex-fen, Mr. Barker, Mr. Onflows, Sir Richard Onflows, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Lowther, Mr. , Mr. nefley, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Ward, Mr. Prohy, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. S, Sir Will. Hodges, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Mr. Moles-

worth, Mr. Nicho/fon, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Middleton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Cafar,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gale, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Fulham, Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Thornhaugh-, and all for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet aft Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Lamplugh have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Aw*nc*‘

A Petition of Quarter hinder Daniel Keogh was pre- Debt due fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that being from CoL one of the Non-Commission Officers defrauded by John Rice, was several times examined last Session before this House, and the House of Lords; and that there is £.135. 7 s.2d. due to him out of the said s Effects: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to

examine

r-

Frauds in

Stump

Duties.

St^P ford's Estate.

Thomas and Henry, &c. Ships.

Tone

Navigation.

Peverfing

Bond's

Attainder.

Weatherly'*, &c. Belts u> the Crown.

580 28° Februarii. A. 1707.

examine, how, and to whom, and for what, Colonel disposed of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty-Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, shall be taken into Confvderation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Strode and Mr. Fulham do prepare, and bring in, the fame. t

A Bill for redressing and preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing the Number of- Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill <0 enable James Stop/ord, Esquire, to fell certain Lands in the County of , for Payment of

his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-well, Mr. jOnflow, Mr. Medlicot Mr. Manley, Sir Fran.

Majliam, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Potklington, Sir Davall, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Morley, Mr. Winnington, Sir Edward -rence, Mr. Monjon, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sir IVm.

Scawen, Mr. Skippen, Lord IVm. Powlet, Mr. , Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Rushout , Mr. Strode, Mr.

Fox, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. , Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Mountague; and all for Nottingham and York: And

they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making two large Fly-boats (Rw/foa-built) one called the Thomas and Henry, and the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That

9T*

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TclI.rs for.hcYeasf^'f---

Tellers for the Noes,^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time, with Blanks; the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause was amended, and read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making two large Fly-boats one called the Thomas and Henry, and the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships, to trade with Russia.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more eft'eftual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to , in the County of Somerset, without any Amendment:

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Bart, in Ireland-, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of George Weatherby and Thomas Chambers, late of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, Hollmen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, through great Losses, and long Confinement in the Fl Prison, are so reduced, that they are no ways capable of satisfying her Majesty's Debt, with which they stand bound: And praying. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord Treasurer to compound with them. iG

A Petition of Alexander Grant, Esquire, for himself. Grant'* and in the Name and behalf of Lodowick Grant, Esquire, Claim*, his Father, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Lodowick, very early appearing for the happy Resolution, did join General M‘ky with a considerable Body of his own Men, for which he got the Hatred of most of the Highland Clans, who were then in Arms against the Government, and entered the Petitioners Lands in an hostile Manner, and not only took what Goods were thereon, but laid waste the whole Lands: That the said Lodowick applying to the Parliament of Scotland, they appointed some Gentlemen to make an Estimate of the Damages; and the said wiekw&s recommended to the late King: And, this being the Cafe, pray it may be reckoned a publick Debt of the Nation, to be paid out of the accruing Equivalent.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Paterson, Esquire, is referred; and that they do 1

examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert and Fishery

William Gordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and l£neourac«» other North Britains, concerned in the Fishing Trade, ment' was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the eighth Article of the Act of Union all Fish, exported from Scotland beyond Sea, which shall be cured with.foreign Salt only, shall have the same Eases, Premiums, and Drawbacks, as are allowed to Exporters of the like Fish from England; and the Petitioners have cured, with foreign Salt only, several Quantities of White Herrings, and other Fish, for which there is an Allowance of Ten Shillings and Five Pence for every Barrel of White Herrings, so exported: And praying, they may be allowed the fame, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Petition be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that they did Yesterday attend her Majesty, and present their humble Address, returning to her Majesty the Thanks of this House for her taking Measures to restore the Affairs of Spain, and, for providing foreign Troops for that Service; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I have always looked upon the War of Spain to be of so great Importance to us, that I can never fail of continuing my utmost Application to support it in the most effectual Manner.

The Satisfaction, you have expressed in your Address, for my Endeavours in this Matter, is extremely acceptable to me.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Commons Trustees of of Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in there- Irish For-with the 5th Instant, be taken into Consideration upon feiture*. Tuesday Morning next.

- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act s^utut». for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yeas.^J; Iferl/r,:

Teller, for lire Noe, effm So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

J166.

Resolved,

Statutes of Churches, Hen. XLII.

American

Trade.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Relief of Col, Sutton, & c.

Garbling

Spices.

Stafford's

Ellaie.

Committee for Courts of Justice.

Committees.

6 Ann. 28° Februarii. —

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Statutes of the several Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, founded by King Henry the Eighth, which have been usually received, and practised, in the Government of the same respectively, since the late happy Restoration of King Charles the Second, and to the Observance whereof the Deans and Prebendaries, and other Members, of the said Churches, from the said Time, have used to be sworn at their Instalments, or Admissions, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Charters, or Copies of the Charters, of the Foundations of the said Churches be laid before this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in the tirft Year of her Majesty's lleign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. PauFs, London, be read the Third time upon Monday

next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Colonel chard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp, be read a Second

time upon WednfdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, is committed, be received upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

A Petition of Anthony Stafford, Gentleman, and zabeth, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner Anthony's Father, in his Life-time, and at the Time of his Death, was indebted to several Persons in several Sums by Specialties, in which he bound himself.and his Heirs, to near^. 1,286.

That his Father was seised in Fee of divers Messuage?,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in Clojffp, in the County of Derby, and died about July, 1700, and the Premisses deicended to the Petitioner, his Son and Heir, being then under 21 Years of Age; and, being so seised. Petitioner intermarried with Elizabeth, Daughter of Francis AshenburJl,of Staffordjldre, Clerk, with whom he received f. 1,000 Portion, and afterwards settled his Estate on liimtelf, for Life, and a great Part thereof on his said Wife, for Jointure: That since his Father's Deafly Petitioner hath bound himself in several new Obligations for other his Father's pressing Debts, and taken up his Father's Bonds, to which he is now liable, as Heir to his Father, and having Afiets from him: That there is above a Third of the Petitioner's Estate in Jointure to his Wife, who compaflionatps the pressing Exigences of the Petitioner, and is willing to lessen her said Jointure:

And praying, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to fell, or mortgage, some Part of his Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Cook, and Mr. Windsor, do prepare, and bring ib, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit upon Monday next, at Five a Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the-House adjourned till Monday

"Morning,: Nine Clock.;

Vot.15.

0 Martiu 581

Lunce^ to die Mart it;

Anno 6 Annae Reginte, 1707.

P k a y b k s.

f\RD ERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Buying and Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, that ^bmgCattU. Part of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament (concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in and

also for giving Leave to bring Calves dead to London, as formerly; and that Sir Edmund Denton, Mr. and

Mr. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year Manner of of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and re- drawing pairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and H^ay*01* others, to draw with a Pole'between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer,

Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Cha. Turner,

Mr. Proby, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Mr. Yales,

Mr. Guibons, Mr. Coatesworth, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Grahme, Sir Will. Hujller, Mr. Jer Mr. , Kir. Onjlowe, Mr. 1 rev or, Mr. Denton, Mr. , Mr.

Morri/on, Sir H. Dull. Colt, Mr. , Mr. Ped/ey,

Mr. Ashley, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Pitfeild, Sir Fra.

Maffam, Mr. Ybornagh, Sir William Ellis, Mr. And they are to meet at Five a Ciock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Afl for ascertaining the Tythesof Tythes of Hemp and Flax, was read a Second time. Hemp anti

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ireton, *lax*

Mr. Winnington, Sir Hen. Gough, Lord Downes, Mr.

Farrer, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hampden, Sir Will.

Ashurst, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Yr Mr. Proby,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Gale, Mr. Duck- s

ett. Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Motif on,

Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Scobell, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Langharne, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir John Au-bery. Sir Will. Drake, Sir EdivardLawrence, Mr.

hagh, Sir Nick. Monice, Sir Fra.Child, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Yates, Mr. Shacker/ey, Mr. Lijler, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Trevanion; and all for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Warwick, Kent, Oxford, and Sussex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to naturalize Peter Falaizeau, Esquire, was read pa] (jzeau-s a Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Proby, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Ashurst,

Sir Richard Onfow, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Foley, Sir Rob.

Davers, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Langham, Sir Will.

Drake, Sir John Azvbry, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Mr.

Yhornhaugh, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Yates, Mr. Wortley,

Mr. Worley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rajfing tj^ railing the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One Militia, thousand Seven hundred and Eight, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir William Ashiwft, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bijl.

A Bill for the better preventing Mischiefs that may Prev#nting happen by Fire, was read a Second time. Mischiefs by

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comp- Fir*. ton, Sir Richard Onjlowe, Mr. Medlycotl, Sir 7homas Davail, Mr. Mountgomery, Colonel Grahme, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Neville, Sir Gilbert Heath cote, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Scobell, Mr.

7 H Sir

i Mar tit.

Maizeaux's,

Mat.

Mayne's

Eftute.

Supply Bill; Tonage and Poundage.

Committees.

Election* for Sussex.

582

Sir John Holland, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cox, Mr. Foley, Sir Will. Ashurst, Mr. Farrer, S\t Hen. Dutton Mr. Amefley, Sir John Cope, Sir Cha. , Mr.

Henley, Mr. Tates, Mr. Pigott, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. ley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Abercrombe, Mr. Monjon, Sir Pat. Johnson, Sir Wm. Withers; and all for London, Westminster, Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Francis Majfam reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Des Maizeaux, Francis Heilman, John Rijleau, Peter Bouvot, and others, was committed, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vacating the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Henry Mayne, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son, (who is an Ideot) during his Life, was committed j that they had . examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all the Parties concerned) except a Trustee, to preserve the contingent Remainders, who is really not now concerned, a Son being born, and alive) had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that touching the said Trustee, who would not consent to the passing of the said Bill, the Committee had directed him to report the Matter specially to the House; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which Report, and Amendments, he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question feve-.rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the f)ouse.

And the said Report is as followeth:

That the Committee conceived, there was no need of the Consent of the surviving Trustee, John Nether coat, in this Cafe, because the Trust of Nethercoate is determined by the Birth of the Ideot, and the Death of his Mother; the Custody of the Ideot's Person, and Management of such Estate, as he may have after his Father's Death, being in her Majesty's Disposal, who hath given Leave for this Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means for payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pound per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and other Uses therein expressed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Freeholders in the Western Division of the County of Sussex was presented to the House, and id

read; setting forth, that by the BUI depending, for Ease of the Freeholders of that County, attending the Election of Knights of the Shire, they apprehend, an Alteration is intended in the usual Method of polling, to the further Advantage of the Eastern Division: And praying, Time may be allowed them to prepare Object ions thereunto.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be now received.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the said Committee; that they had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where tire same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Seven-night.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual the Act, in I he first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, that the Bishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London may appropriate Part of the Duty towards repairing St. Mary WChurch.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, that the Dome of the said Church should be covered with Copper, of the Growth of Great Britain.

And the same was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the first, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, was committed; that they bad heard the Counsel for the Petitioners, upon the Rptitions to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; but that the Committee conceived, a Recompence to die Garbler was worthy the Consideration of this House: And he delivered the said Report, and Bill, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read, and is as followeth:

That the Committee having heard the Counsel upon the several Petitions to them referred, and gone through the Bill without making any Amendments thereto;

And that the Committee taking into their Consideration the Petitions of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, and of Mr. Wm. Stewart, the present Garbler, whereby it is prayed,

that, in lieu of such Loss, as they shall sustain by the Bill for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First, for the well garbling of Spices, they may have such an Equivalent and Recompence, as to this House shall be thought fit:

And that the Committee apprehended, the-Mattes of such Equivalent and Recompence was not' proper before them; and thereupon canaato the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved,

St. Paul'* Cathedral,

Garbling , Spices.

6 Ann.

2° Marin.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Matter of such Equivalent artd Recompencfe to the said Petitioners is worthy the Consideration Of this House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That a

Sum of £. 976. 10 s. should be paid to Wm. Stewart, for

a Compensation for his Interest.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the Person concerned in the Ship or Commissioners of the 1 reafury, for the

they had directed him to report to the fdoufe i And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table i where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed untQ by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ltigroftfed.;

Mr. Conyers, (according to Order) prefehted to the House, a Bill to impower the Ibrd High Treasurer of ^Crowo.

kM 1 ~ - MJtZ All £_4.1 — . —

Ways

kd Means.

East India Company.

Annundall.

Atid the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table; '

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, _ be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for assuring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on Account of the united

time being, to compound with George 'Law/on, Robert Wetmes, Thomas Snowden, and James for the

Debts by them owing to her Majesty; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers Officer* con-and Soldiers, that served in the Defence of Londonderry, ®eJ'nert in be taken into Confederation upon Saturday Morning next. deny.

Mr. Potklihgton (according to Order) prefen ted to the Laws reUt-

House, a Bill for making the Laws, relating to Servants, in£t0 Ser* more effectual; and the feme was received. vanto*

A Bill for repairing the Highways from O/d Stratford, old Stratford the County of Northampton, to Duncbnrch, in the Road*.

Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein County of was read a Second time,

mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sum of One , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer,

million Two hundred thousand Pound for carrying on Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Chandler, Mr.

the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions. — - *- -

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marthy 2° die Martii 5

Anno 6# Annae Reginse, 1707.

PR

AYERS.

Stephens'

iftate.

Lowther, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Morri/on, Six John Whitwrong, Mr . Hampden, Mr. Dow/well, Mr.

Mayn, Sir Thomas Davall, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fran, Ma/fam, Sir Jo/. Jekill, Sir Bridgman, Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Sharpe, Sir H. D. Mr.

Mr. Do/ben, Mr. Tredenh/tm, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Chambers', and all, that serve for the Counties of North-

ampton, Stafford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for Supplying feme Defects in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament* for repairing the Highway between Fortihill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stony Stratford, in

Ihcclefiastical livings under £. 50 per Annum.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Estate of Thomas Stephens, Esquire, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling

of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, in the in the County of Buckingham.

County of Gloucester, to the feme Uses, was read a

t, u-ii u , ,r r, . A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the third and Pumlhing

That the Bill be committed to Mr. kllm, fourth y ,f hcr Majesty.s Reign, j,,-,ukd, Ao Act "»

Mr BMwmu, Mr PsMingmMr. Mmnfin, Mr. Mu,ln, aJ,d Wertfoo, and false Mullers.

w 2' n* cr^ S*'1! u and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters,

Walter Young, Mr. Jtfip, Mr. Trejenlam, Sir John . ' '

mitvrong, Mr. Skippon, Mi, Rios, Mr. thmUiagh, Ar/a/to/f That the Bill be committed.

*r- ^r' ffw‘rl *2"' o‘[ R"S.Wvci, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Chandlery Sir Robert Edon, Mr. f , V H r

SlooM, Mr. Hampden, Mr. BurriJgs.Ur. Pigott,.Sir Thjl House wi|, nexl, a,

>. Campbell, Mr. Msunlgmsry, Mr. Yales Sa Wm. Xw</Vesselock, resolve itself into a Committee of the

P"Z at!' "u"? Mr' whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mole/worth, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Morgan; r

and all for the Counties of Glocefier, Stafford, Worcester,

Wilts, Chester, and Berks: And they are to meet at A Bill for redressing and preventing several Frauds Frauds in

Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Cham- and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon Staitip

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing DuUei'

Records. the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the

, . ,. . _ , N r . i . .1 Courts of Westminster, was read a Second time.

Mr. Vernon (according to Order) presented to the Re/oheJ fhat the Bin be comraitted to Mr. Pock-

House, a BUI to en arge the Time so returning the Cer- lingtln, Jekill, Mr. Manley, Sir God/. Copley, tificates of all Ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the Wm Powl y yMr>

/> n<ii* imnrltr Vn ii« nr Hirrvr KAMnrlc ec q (a tas* aiiphorrV. . *_ - - _ _ _

Eastfarbett

Harbour.

clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, as also for discharging all Livings of that Value, from the Payments of First fruits; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Campbell reported from the Committed so whom the Bill for making a Harbour at East -heft, in the Shire of Argyle, was committed j that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which

Vo-L. 15.

feel. Sir Fran. Maffam, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Clerk, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Mayn, Mr. Topham', Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Guise, Mr. Mon/on, Mr. Poole, Sir Robert Eden, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Strode, Mr. Borlace, Mr. Barker, Sir Rushout Mr.

Clarke, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Freeman, Sir

John

1

b

American

Trad*.

Statutes of Churches, Hen. VIII.

Scotch

Revenue.

Disciplining t>« Navy.

Fishery

Encourage*

tkWRU,

584 — 3 Mar 1707,

John Cot ten, Mr. Woollaflon; and all of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

The House being informed, that a Gentleman belonging to the Archbishop of Canterbury attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Eojks Of the Statutes of several Cathedral and Collegiate Churches; with a Schedule thereof.

And then he Withdrew.

The said Schedule is as followeth:

Statuta ecclesl* cathedral, et Chrifli Cantuar.

front perferenifi. Car ohm confirmataflunt 1686.

Staiuta ecclesl* cathedral, metropolis* Cantuar. 28* Eliz.

Statuta ecclesl* chathedral. Christi et beat* Vtr-

ginis Ceflren. edit, per ferenifl'. 8.

Statuta el ordinationes ecclesl* cathedral. Chrifli et Virginia Dunahnenfls.

Statuta ecclesl* cathedral. et Trinit at.

Bristol. per H. VIII.

Statuta ecclesl* cathedral. recognit. per

Carolum 2'.

Statuta ecclesl* fanEl* et indTrinitat. Elien. per D'nam Eliz.

Primo Eliz. A Commission to Archbishop Parker, and others, to preserve and reform, the Statutes of new Foundations.

Statuta ecclesl* cathedral. fa et

Carliol. per H. VIII.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Books be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, is committed.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House,

A Lift of the Farms of the the several Branches of the Revenue, which are not yet fitted and discharged by the Treasury of Scotland-, and also,

A Copy of registrated Tack of the Customs of Scotland by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and Exchequer to Sir Samuel Mac and Partners.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, and Copy, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Lift and Copy are bound up with the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive the Act, in the Fifth Year of their late Mrfjesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy Royal; and that Mr. Harley, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Shepherd,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Byerley, Mr. Moor, Mr. Delben, Mr.

Nicholson, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Stewart, and IVi/liam Gordon, Merchants, on behalf of

themselves, and other North Britains, concerned in the Fishing Trade, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Representatloh of the Commons of Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in therewith the Fifth of February last, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Strode, Mr. Dimmer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Peter Falaizeau, Esquire, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hervey, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Shackerley, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Diot, Mr. T, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Or me, Mr. Topham, Mr. Chambers, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii30 die Martii;

Anno 6* Annae Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Bacon (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for dating the Accounts of the Three French Regiments j and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for vacating the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Henry Moyne, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Ideot) during his Life, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vacating the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Henry Mayne, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Ideot) during his Life.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Afleck, Esquire, born in Copenhagen, in the Kingdom of Denmark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that being born out of her Majesty's Dominions, but a Protestant, and well-affected to the Government: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Dolben and Sir Henry Dutton Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, Cloth-workers, and others, trading in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and readj setting forth, that the Petitioners have for feme Years past sensibly felt a Decay of the Trade of our Woollen Manufactureat Home, and been, discouraged from trading therein to foreign Parts, for that the Markets abroad are now supplied from our neighbouring Nations; which can be attributed to nothing more, than the clandestine Exportation of our Wool: And praying, feme more effectual Methods may be taken, for preventing such Exportations.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture of Leeds, in the County of isreferred.

A Bill

Trullees of Irish Forfeitures

Falaire&n'*

Nat.

Array

Arrears.

Mavne's

EiUte.

Attack's Nat*

Exporting

Wool.

6 Ann. 3* Mar Hi. 5 $5

A Bill for stating the Accounts of the three French

Arrears. Regiments, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

WVathfrby's. Mr. Strode (according to Order) presented to the &c. Debts to House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, the Crown. or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with George Weather by and Chambers, late of the

Town and County of the Town of NewcaJ/lle upon Tyne, for their respective Debts due to her Majesty; and the same was received.

Insolvent A Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, was read a Debtors. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Mr. Cooke, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Rebow, Mr. Shacker/y, Mr. Carr, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gale, Mr. Joknfon, Mr. Gould, Mr. Ashby, Colonel Stanley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Pocklington, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Pelham, Sir William Drake, Mr. Gwynn, Mr Dolben, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Manley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pull eel, Mr. Mor daunt, Mr. Shepherd, Sir William Jfhurst, the Lord Powlett, Mr. Cox, Mr. Nevill, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Hillerjden, Mr. Moor, Mr. Rowney, and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Relief of A Bill for the Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and Col. Sutton, other Aids de Camp, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Purchase of Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom Infliforfeited |he Petition of John, Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir *J*t*' John King, Baronet, Henry Sand ford, John Usher, Richard War bur ton, and Anthony Atkinson, Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and several other Protestants of Ireland, that purchased Lands from John Burke, commonly called Lord Bophin, and his Trustees, upon the Credit and Security of two Arts of Parliament,

and other Petitions relating the reunto, were referred; that they bad heard the Petitioners, and had directed him to report the Matter, and a Resolution they had come to thereupon, to the House; And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolution were read, and are as follow:

That it appeared to the Committee, by an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard, and Lord Bophin-, which said Act restores the Lord Bophin to his Estate, upon Payment of £.25,000 within the Space of one Year, by Sale, or Mortgage, as the Trustees, thereby appointed, should think fit.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by one other Act, made in the said first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sales of the forfeited Estates in Ireland-, in which Ad there is a Clause, impowering the Protestant Trustees, as were appointed pursuant to the said former Act, to raise £.25,000 by Sale of Part of the Lord Bophin's Estate, with Interest at Six per Cent, from the 25th of March, 1703, at three Payments, the last Payment to be on , Vqt, 15,

or before the first of June, 1704, in English Money; and, for default of Payment, all the Premitfes, mentioned in the said former Act, should be veiled in her Majesty, for the Use of the Publick.

That, upon the Credit of the aforesaid Acts, the Petitioners did purchase a considerable Part of the said Lord Bophin's Estate, and by several Payments, made on or before the 10th Day of July, 1704, did pay into the Exchequer \ta Ireland, for the Use of the Publick, the

Sum of£.26,345. is. 6d. as Money valued in Ireland, as appears by an Account, delivered to the Committee by tire Hands of John Stanton, Esquire, and signed by John Pratt, Deputy Receiver General in Ireland-, but £.681,

Part of the said £.25,000 and Interest, not being paid before the said first of June, the said Estate became forfeited in the Crown.

That the Petitioner, Michael Burk, Esquire, attended the Committee, and gave his personal Consent, that a Bill might be brought in, for Relief of the Protestant Purchasers against the Forfeiture, that accrued by the Non-payment of the £.25,000 at the Times appointed by the aforesaid Acts of Parliament.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the several Petitioners against the Forfeiture, vested in the Crown by the Non-payment of the £.25,000 at the Times appointed by an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanricard, and Lord Bophin.

And the House being moved accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Petitioners, according to the said Resolution; and that Mr. Manley, Mr. Conyers, Sir Hawles, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Edmund Denton (according to Order) presented to Buying and the House, a Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, paftfed in the last Section of Cattle* Parliament (concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield) and for giving Leave to bring up Calves dead to London, as formerly; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-> Arrearu of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, re- lating to the Arrears of Pay to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War, referred to a Committee of the whole House 250 Februarii.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Tonagt and tinuing one half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and 0,111 8e* Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses therein expressed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

7 I A Petition

Church

Statutes.

Ways and Means.

East India Company.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Stephens*

Estate.

Exporting.

Wool.

Stopfurd's

Estate.

Relief of Capt. Koch

586

A Petition of Hugh Todd, Doctor in Divinity, and one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of lijle, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bishop of Car cited the Dean and Chapter before him in his Visitation, held at Carlisle in September last, and exhibited Articles of Enquiry against them j and the Petitioner appeared, and entered his Protest against the said Bishop's Power, being informed, the Right of local Visitor was in the Crown; but the said Bishop, in.an illegal Manner, suspended the Petitioner ab officio et bentjicio, and afterwards excommunicated him j and if the Bill now-depending, intituled, An Act for avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, pass into a Law, the same will subject the Petitioner to the further Enquiries, and arbitrary Censures, of the said Bi-shop, in his Visitation: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the same do pass, so tar as it may affect the Petitioner in the Consequences of it.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the Committee thereupon.-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve Ltself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for alluring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on Account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sjum of One million Two hundred Thousand Pounds, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Ordered That Mr. Hill, Mr. Mr. Nevill, Mr.

Stockdale, and all the Members of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Blathwait be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Estate of Thomas Stephens, Esquire, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, in the Counties of Gloucester, to the same Uses, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Mr. Orme, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture of Leeds, in the County of York, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Mr. Pultney, Mr. Porter, Mr. Sir Wm. St. Quin-

tin, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable James Stopford, Esquire, to fell certain Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 4° die;

Anno 6° Annae Reginae, 1707,

Praters.

f\R DERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Captain James Rock, according to the Resolution, formerly made concerning him; and that Sir Henry Dutton Colt and Mr. Peyton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill-.

A. 1707.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Paterforfs, the Petitions of William Paterjon, and Alexander Grant, &c- Claim*. Esquires, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the Reports, and Resolutions, in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

That, upon the Petition of William Paterjon, Esquire,

The Committee having taken into Consideration the Matters contained in the said Petition,

It appeared, that the Petitioner hath been at very great Expence and Pains, and sustained very considerable Losses, on Account, and at the Instance, of the African and Indian Company of Scotland.

That on the 13th of August, 1707, the Petitioner delivered a Representation to the Directors of the African and Indian Company of Scotland, in the Effect following:

That by the Conditions of the Subscriprions of £.300,000 taken at London the 6th of November, 1695, a Part of the then intended Sum of £.600,000 Sterling for the Capital of that Company, it was agreed, that in regard the Petitioner had been at great Pains and Expence in making considerable Discoveries of Trade and Improvements in and to both the Indies, and likewise in procuring needful Powers and Privileges, for a Company of Commerce, from several sovereign Princes and States, that therefore the Petitioner should have 2 per Cent, of the Money, to be subscribed into the said capital Fund, as also 3 per Cent, of the Produce of the said Fund fot Twenty-one Years, but redeemable for 2 per Cent, more of the said Fund at any Time in five Years.

That the said Subscription, by reason of the great Opposition it met with, being broken, and relinquished, the Petitioner was nevertheless, at the earned Solicitations and Request of those principally concerned in Scotland, prevailed upon to take a Journey from London into Scotland, for the Company's Service.

That upon the 6th of October, 1696, the Court of Directors of the said Company, takino the Petitioner's same into Consideration, come to this following Resolution; viz.

" This Court considering the great Expence, that " Mr. William Paterjon, one of the Directors of tlxs " said Company, hath been at for several Years past,

" in making valuable Discoveries of Commerce to both " Indies-, and he having delivered in several curious " Manuscripts, Books, Maps, Journals, and other Papers of Commerce, relating thereto, henceforth to be " appropriated to the Company's Use; and having further evidenced his Affection to his native Country,

and this Company, by relinquishing , and

" any profitable Establishment he had, or may at present have, in that Kingdom, to his evident Damage " and Loss; therefore the said Court of Directors da " hereby allow the said William Paterjon to transfer and " dispose of the Sum of £. 15,000 Sterling of the Subscriptions, now vested in this Court of Directors, that " is to say, of the Eighty-five thousand Pounds of such " Englisho Subscriprions, as are not yet disposed of by " this Court, and to take, and apply to his own proper " Use, the first quarter Part thereof, extending to the " Sum of Three thousand Seven hundred Fifty Pounds Sterling, together also with the like Sum of Three " thousand Seven hundred Fifty Pounds Sterling, being the first quarter Part of the Sum, subscribed by him,

" the said William Paterjon, James Smith, Daniel Lodge,

" James Campbell, and Joseph Cohen d'Azevedo, Merchants in London, amounting in the whole to the Sum of £.7,500 Sterling.

" And further, for his Merit in contriving the principal Designs, and Constancy in promoting the Service,

" of this Company, the said Court of Directors have re- ‘

" solved to take into Consideration, what suitable Grati- fications they will appoint for him out of the subsequent Profits of their Trade, and proportionate the w same tq the Syccefs thereof,"

That

30 — 40 Martii.

1

6 Ann.

Martiu

587

That, altho* the said Sum of Seven thou find Five hundred Pounds was much less, than the Petitioner had reason to expect, as being considerably below what he had expended in the Designs, which contributed to the forming of the Company; yet, in Confidence, that the Directors would in their subsequent Resolutions, effectually ftipply what was wanting in this, as well in a reasonable Share of the Profits of the capital Stock, as by a competent Salary, or yearly Allowance, for the Time he shoulci think fit to continue in the Company's Service, he, the said Petitioner, at the Request, and by Order, of the Court of Directors, undertook- a Voyage to land, and Hamborough, upyn the Company's Bu finds, and hath since that Time, through all manner of Difficulties, attended their Service.

It appeared to the Committee, that, upon passing the Commission of Equivalent, the Petitioner repaired to Scotland \to receive his Claim; but some few of the Directors had, in the Absence of the Petitioner, and without including his Account, and Claim, made up, and certified the Company's general Account.

That, after having for several Weeks instantly required the Directors of the said Company to certify his Claim, he at last found, that the Commissioners of the Equivalent had begun to pay back and distribute the said joint Stock to the respective Directors, and other Proprietors thereof.

That it likewise appeared, that the Petitioner did make his Application to the Commissioners of the Equivalent for Relief; but the said Commissioners were pleased to wave the determining and satisfying his Claim.

That upon the First of , 1707, the Petitioner delivered in to the Commissioners for the Equivalent, a Representation of his Cafe, setting forth his Claim, and his Services; whereupon the said Commissioners made the following Order:

" Edinb. 4® 7her, 1707.

" A Paper being prefenced to the Board by Pater/ott, Esquire, the same v/as read; and the Board " were of opinion that Mr. Rod. , Secretary to

the African and Indian Company, should lay before " the Board an Abstract, out of the Books, of what relates to the Affair therein represented; and recom- mended to John Jameson to acquaint Mr. Makenrie thereof.'*

That on the 3d of October, 17P7, the Petitioner presented a second Representation to the Commissioners for the Equivalent, setting forth his Claim to the Effect following; viz.

That the Petitioner was at first engaged in the Service of the said Company, upon their I'romife of paying him £.12,000 in ready Money, and a Grant of 3 per Cent. of the Profits of their Stock for Twenty-one Years, or £. 1 a,000 more:

But that, as the Subscriptions at London were relinquished, by reason of the great Opposition against the Company, the Petitioner was, upon the Promise of £. 36,000 Sterling in Money, or :so much of Value in their Stock, induced to imbark wholly with them, and risque all in their Service:

That nevertheless, the Directops of the said Company, by their Act of 6° Q&ober, 1696, did only grant him one fourth part thereof, or £. 7,500 Sterling, as paid into the Stock, tho' with very onerous. Clauses, and jPromises from some of the concerned, that the Petitioner should have intire Satisfaction; pretend ing, their Intention in this was only to engage him I he more firmly in the Company's Interest, by a Dependence on them for a fui table Recom pence.

That, his Endeavours were employed in England for the Company's Interest.

That, for the Company's Service, he imbarqued for

P_arien, apd underwent very great Fatigues, when his domestick Affairs were aban dpped, to his unspeakable Detriment,

But since his Return from the troyiblefom? Voyage, he Yoi.. 15.

hath been concerned for their Loffesas anxiously, as his Paterfou# own. &c‘ Claun*

That, seeing the said Company had not, on their Part, performed their Contracts, nor make Satisfaction for his Losses and Sufferings, and that the Effects,

Debts, and Obligations, of the said Company are, by virtue of the Treaty of Uniop, transferred to the Fund of the Equivalent;

After having intimated his formal Demandon the said Fund of the Equivalent, he left to the Commissioners, in the first Instance, and humbly submitted it to the wife Decision of her Majesty, who is competent Judge in the last Resort, whether the first or second Contract, or the third Proposal, with an equitable Regard to his Services,

Expences, Sufferings, and subsequent Losses and Damages, ought to be the Foundation and Measure of his Claim.

Upon which Representation the Commissioners for the Equivalent were pleased to make a Report in these Words:

" Edinb. 30 , 1707.

" The Commissioners having considered the within-?

" written Representation, they remitted to such of their Number, as are to go to London, to recommend the ‘‘ said William Paterson in the most effectual Manner,

" that he may have a suitable Reparation for his Losses " within represented."

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions following;

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioner, William Paterson, hath fully proved the Allegations contained in his Petition.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioner, Mr. William Paterson, ought to be satisfied and paid all the several Sums owing to him by the African and Indian Company in Scotland, pursuanf to the several Agreements made between him and thp said Company, particularly, the Sum of £. 7,500, with Interest, in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, being the fourth Part, or first Payment, of £30,000 in the capital Stock or Fund of the fsaid Company, and likewise, that such a Recompence be given to him, as may bp suitable to his Services, Expences, Losses, and public

Cares.

That, upon the Petition of Alexander Grant, Esquire, for himfe}f, and in the Name and behalf of

Grant, Esquire, and his Father.

The Committee having taken into Confederation the Allegations contained in the Petition, it appeared,

That the said Lodowick Grant, the Petitioner's Father, having very early appeared for the happy Resolution, did join the then General M(ky with a cojisiderable Body of his own Men; for which Service he did draw upon himself the Hatred and Malice of most of the Highland Clans, who were Enemies to the Government, and were then in Arms under the Command of the Viscount Dundee.

And, in Prosecution of this their fylalice, they entered the Lands of the Petitioner in a hostile Manner, and there encamped; by which means they not only laid waste his whole Lands, but did carry from thence the whole Moveables and Goods, which were upon the fame, to the Petitioner's great Damage and Detriment: Upon which the Petitioner's Father did apply himfeff to the Parliament of Scotland for his Relief; and accordingly the Parliament did very justly appoint some Gentlemen to cognofce the said Damages upon path, and make a just Estimate thereof. This being accordingly done, the Parliament did appoint a Committee, to revile and consider the Estimate, made by those Gentlemen, and to report the same to the House: Which they also did, finding the aforesaid Estimate just:, Upon which the Parliament did recommend the said Lodowick Grant to the late King William, and since to her present Majesty, for his Relief

Apd that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to^he, following Rqfplutions:

Resolved,

Jtaifing the Militia.

Disciplining the Navy.

Supply Bill; Tonage and Poundage.

Method of

returning

SkotchPeers.

‘Bromley'#

JJftaW.

588 4 0 Martii.^1707.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

R/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Losses, sustained by the Petitioner Mr. Gratify and his Father, as contained in the Recommendation from the Parliament of Scotland to the late King William, and since to her present Majesty Queen Anne, is a just and publick Debt to the Nation of , and, as such,

ought to be paid out of the excrefcent and growing Equivalent.

The first Resolution in relation to Mr. be-

ing read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the second Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re committed to the same Committee.

The laid Resolutions in relation to Mr. Grant, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, lhat it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent, that they do make Provision for the said Mr. Grant's Satisfaction, according to the said Resolution.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaidj and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Gilbert Heathcott (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing one half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandize;, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pound per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses therein expressed, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Smith and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford

and Mr Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Provision, intended, by William Bromley, late of Holt Castle, in the County of

Esquire, for Dorothy Bromley, his youngest Daughter} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence oi this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Harbour and Key of in the County of Somerset, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Act of the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First (intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices) and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Harbour at Eafi Tar-bett, in the Shire of Argyle, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be, An Act for making a Harbour at East Tarbett, in the Shire of Argyle.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yue/d.iy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Memorials and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Linen

and that of Germany, and the high Duties on Thread and Tapes.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Ogle, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactnreof Leeds in the County of York, was referred.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of Divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that her Majesty had commanded him to lay before this House several Advices, received last Night, and this Morning, of great Preparations at Dunkirk, for an immediate Invasion upon England by the French, and of the pretended Prince of Wales being come to Dunkirk for that Purpose.

And he presented Letters, and Extracts relating the reunto, to the House accordingly.

And the same were read, and are as follow; viz,

Mr.

Watch eit Harbour.

Method of returning Scotch Peers.

Committee lor Courts of Justice.

Relief of Col. Savery.

Garbling

Spices.

East Tarbett-Harbour.

Duties on Li eeii.

Preventing

Mile hie la by Fire.

Exporting

Wool.

Church

Statutes*

Intended In* valion by PreUuder.

6 Ann. 4* Mfiftii.

5?9

lylr. Dayrolle to Mr- Secretary Boyle.

Hogue, March T'T> 170-f.

Right honourable,

I have received by an Express, arrived Today from Brufflels, the inclosed Packet fqr you from Major General Cadogan, with Orders to forward it immediately to the Brill, and desire Monsieur Vanderpool to dispatch a Packet-boat on Purpose with it, as I have done accordingly, by Express. I fee the Major General is almost persuaded, the French defiejn to go on their Project, and d,efired me to press the States to dispatch immediately their Letters to the Province of Zeland, for having the re all possible Assistance in getting the necessary Shipping for an Imbarquation of Troops, and that their Orders may be repeated to the Commodore of their Squadron at Schyrvelt, to fail as soon as the Troops are on Board, with what Men of War he shall have ready what I have performed likewise by word of Mouth to the Pensionary, and by a little Memorial, delivered to the States, when they were fitting Today. After the wasrofe, the Pensionary came out,

and told me, as to the first Point, they have complied with it already, and were going to write again upon that Subject; and, as to the Second, that there are none of their Ships yet at Schonvelt, but would dispatch this very Day, by Express, new Orders to their Admiralties to work Night and Day, and spare no Expences, to fit out the Ships, designed for this present Service; and that the Commodore should have the Instructions, desired by Major General Cadogan. They have received this Morning a Letter from Admiral Bings, of the 28th February, giving Notice of his Arrival at Gravelines with ao Ships, which they believe almost sufficient to prevent the French prosecuting their Design; however, they allure me, they will continue their own Preparations with all possible Diligence. 1 suppose, you will hear from Major General Cadogan, that the pretended Prince of Wales is gone, or ought to go, the 8th Instant from Paris, to imbarque at Dunkirk, and that it was generally believe^ at present in France, that the Design was upon Scotland. The intended Departureof the said Prince has been confirmed an Hour ago, by a Courier, who left the Court of Lorraine Ihurfday last, and was sent to the Lorrain Envoy here, upon some particular Affairs of the Duke, his Master. I am, with all possible Respect,

Right honourable.

Your most humble

and most obedient Servant,

Ja. Dayrolle.

Major Cadogan's Letter to Mr. Secretary Boyle.

Sir, Br, to* , 1704.

I came hither from the Hague on Wednesday last, according to the Orders I had from his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, to be more at hand to find out the real Design of the Enemy's Preparations at Dunkirk. I received this Morning the inclosed Advices from different Places, which I thought too important to defer a Minute dispatching them for England. I go from hence Tomorrow to Oft end, in order to the immediate putting on Board ten of her Majesty's Battalions there at Sluys, and in Zealand, according to the Directions I received from his Grace the Duke of Marlborough. If I find the Accounts contained in the inclosed Advices, true, of which I cannot fail to be exactly informed on my Arrival at Ostend, I shall take care to fend from thence an Advice Boat to the Admiral of her Majesty's Fleet (which I suppose in the Downs') with the bed Intelligence I can get of the Enemies Force, and Design. Two small Ostend Privateers are already sent to lie as close as possibly they can to the Harbour of Dunkirk, to observe the Enemy's Squadron, and to carry Notice of all they can leam to the commanding-Officer of her Majesty's Fleet. I have the Honour to be, with the mofc profound Respect,

Your most obedient and most obliged humble Servant, Wm. Cadogan.

Vol. 15.

A Qopy ofa Letter (rom.Paris, inclosed in Mr. 's

from Brussells, Mar. 10. N. S.

Paris, 7th March, 1708.

THE Prince of Wales is to go this Day from St. Germains to Dunkirk, to imbarque there for Scotland. He will find at Dunkirk 12 French Battalions under the Command of the Count de GaJJe, Lieutenant General, three Irish, commanded by Mr. Dillon (who is likewise Lieutenant General) 14 Men of War, and Frigates, with a great many Transport Ships, and Arms for the Scotch. 'Tis not yet known, whether the Duke of Berwick will go, and command in Chief. He is expected every Moment at Court. This Fleet is to put to Sea the 10th Instant, if the Wind be good. Money will not be wanting for this Expedition. 'TiS said, that the Count de Thoulouft is at the Expence of it. We flatter ourselves here, that the Scotch wait with Impatience for this Prince, and that they have a good Number of Men in Readiness.

Intended Invasion by Pretender.

Transcripts of Letters, of the 8th and 9th of , from Lisle.

Received in Mr. Cadogan's of the 10th March, 1708.

Lisle, the 8th of March, 1708.

YOU have, without doubt, heard of the last News from Scotland. 'Tis true; and Monsieur de Gajfe has Orders to be Tomorrow in the Evening at Dunkirk, to imbarque there with some Troops, and the King of England in Person.

Lisle, the 9th March, 1708.

THE King of England is expected this Evening at Dunkirk, and 12 Battalions, commanded by Monsieur de GaJJe, will arrive there at the feme time.

9th Ma

Extract of a Letter from the French Part of the Spanish Low Countries.

Received in Mr. Cadogan's of the 10th March, j 708.

'TIS writ, that a great Quantity of Arms have been sent from Ltfle to Dunkirk: and all the Irish which were thereabouts, are gone for the fame^Place. Those, that were here, are gone, laying, they were going shortly to fee their King.

Advice from Lisle, of 10th March, 1708.

THEY say for certain, that the Prince of Wales has concluded a Treaty with the Scotch, concerning their Religion and Privileges j but it is not yet made publick. The Prince of Wales will fail with the whole Fleet before the 20th Instant, and he will cause Manifestoes and Assurances to be published for the Scoteh and English.

Extract of a Letter from Major General Cadogan to the

Earl of Sunderland, dated at Ostend the 13th of March,

1704, N. S.

THE pretended Prince of Wales arrived on the 10th Instant at Dunkirk, according to the Advice I had the Honour to fend your Lordship in my lad from Brussells. The Design is to land in Scotland, where, the French give out, a Very considerable Party will declare for him.

I have used all imaginable Diligence in providing Shipping for Ten of her Majesty's Battalions, with which I hope to be ready to feil by the 18th or 19th Instant.

ExttaCl of Mr. Cadogaris Letter to the Duke of Marlborough.

Ostend, March, the 13th 1704, N. S.

I have sent out icveral Parties of this Garison, and Bruges, who have brought in a great many Prisoners of the Regiments, that were on their March from Lisle to Dunkirk. They do not agree as to the Number of Battalions designed to be imbarqued, some saying Fifteen, others Twenty. The Count GaJJe is to command them. The last Paris Letters lay, the Pretender's Party in Scotland have sent Assurances, that they will surprize the Cattle of Edinburgh.

7 K Extract

Address on

intended

Invasion.

Committee to draw it up immediately.

Message that Lords will continue fitting.

Meets again.

Addrtfs.

59°

4* Martii. 1707.

Extra ft of Mr. Cadogan's Letter to Mr.

Ostend, March 13th, N. S. 170^.

THE King of France, when he took Leave of the Pretender, told him, the best Wilhes he could make, was, never to fee him more.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an bumble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House for her being graciously pleased to communicate to this House the Intelligence, the has received, of an intended Invasion of this Kingdom by the pretended Prince of Wales, supported by a French Power; and humbly to beseech her Majesty, that the will be pleased to take particular Care of her royal Person; and to allure her Majesty, that this House will stand by and assist her Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes, in Maintenance of her undoubted Right to the Crown of these Realms, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other her Enemies, both at home and abroad.

Ordered, That an Address be prepared, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Boyle, Sir Richard Onslow, the Lord Conningsby, the Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Aiflaby, Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir ‘Thomas Hanmer, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Bromley, Sir Jaf. Jekyll, Sir John Erflin, Mr. Haddott, Sir James Sir William

Drake, Mr. Molefworlh, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mountgomery, Sir John Swinton, Mr. Compton, the E. of Hertford, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Grant, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Seaton, Mr. Freeman, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Pale, Mr. Towther. Sir Tho. Manfell, Mr. Sir Robert

Pollock, Sir John Guise, Mr. Packlington.

Ordered, That the Committee do immediately withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up the fame.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire, that they will continue fitting for some Time longer.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Granby do carry the said Message.

The Lord Marquis of Granby reported, that he had been at the Lords, according to Order; and that the Lords gave an Answer, that they will continue to fit for ome Time longer.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour past Four a Clock.

THE House being met;

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported from the Committee, appointed to withdraw, and draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty; that they had drawn up the said Address, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table i where the same was twice read, and is as follows j viz.

WE, your Majesty's most faithful and obedient Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave to return our most hearty Thanks to yottr Majesty, for being graciously pleased to communicate to your Parliament the Intelligence, you lave received, of an intended Invasion of this Kingdom by the pretended Prince of Wales, supported by a French Power. We are so sensible of the Happiness we enjoy under your Majesty, and are lo affected with the dangerous Consequences of such an Attempt both to your Person, and Government, that, with Hearts full of Concern for your Majesty's Safety, we beseech your Majesty* that as

you will be pleased to take particular Care of your royal Person; and we, on our Parts, are fully and unanimously resolved to Hand by and assist your Majesty with our Lives and Fortunes, in Maintenance of your undoubted Right and Title to the Crown of these Realms, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other your Enemies both at home and abroad.

The Care your Majesty has taken for the Defence of your Dominions, and, particularly, in fitting out lo great a Fleet in so lliort a Time, give Satisfaction and Encouragement to all your good Subjects, who are likewise very sensible of the Zeal, the States General have shewn upon this Occasion.

As a further Instance of our Duty, we humbly desire, that you will be pleased to order, that the Laws against Papists, and Non-jurors, be put in Execution; and that Directions be given to seize and secure such Persons, with their Horl'es, and Arms, as your Majesty shall have Cause to suspect are disaffected to your Person and Government.

And as we doubt not, but, by the Blessing of God upon the Continuance of your Majesty's Care, your Enemies will be put to Confusion, so we readily embrace this Opportunity to shew to your Majesty, and the whole World, that no Attempts of this Kind shall deter us from supporting your Majesty in a vigorous Prosecution of the present War against France, till the Monarchy of Spain be restored to the House of Austria, and your Majesty have the glory to compleat the Recovery of the Liberties of Europe.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House do agree to the said Address.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be Concunrnc* desired to the said Address. of Lordi

Ordered, That the Earl of Hertford do carry the said del,r*d' Address to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Hebea* impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, Corpus as her Majesty shall ful'pect are conspiring against her SufPeni*on» Person or Government; and that Sir Wm. Strickland, the Lord William Powlet, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Earl of Hertford reported that he had (according Lords Answer to Order) been at the Lords, and delivered the Address to Message. to their Lordships, and desired their Concurrence thereunto; and that they gave Answer, that they would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- church ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Statute*. House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches; and that Doctor Todd be then heard by his Counsel before the said Committee upon his Petition against the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holftrd Lords agree and Mr. Fc/lozos: to Address.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Address, sent up by this House, and filled up the Blank with " the Lords *c Spiritual and Temporal, and and that their Lordships have ordered the Lords with the white Staves to wait on her Majesty, to know, when Ihe will be attended with the said Address.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Rush. Cullen, Mr. Chambers, Mr, Old Stratford Ellis, Mr. Thornhaugh, be added to the Committee, to Road*,

whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to in the County of Warwick, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.,

Preventing

Mitely.is

by l ire.

Bromley's

ilitute.

Tleverfing < anti's ;Uuiinder.

Afflick's Nat.

Relief of Capt. Koch.

Relief of Cul. button, &. c.

Way* and Means.

Ambuscade

Ship.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Committees.

Ways and Means.

5 Ann.

Veneris, 50 Mart it;

Anno 6° Anna Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

MR. Medlycott(according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, was committed, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Provision, intended by William Bromley, late of Holt Castle, in the County of Esquire, for Dorothy Bromley, his youngest Daughter, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Bar, in Ireland, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dolben (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for naturalizing John , Esquire; and the same was received.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of Captain James Roc/f, and the same was received.

t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made forne Progress in the Matter to them referred; and were informed, that Messengers attended with a Message from the Lords, in relation to attending her Majesty with the Address of both Houses; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they maye have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the Message received, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make the Ship Ambuscade, a French Privateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned, and sold as Prize, a free Ship, without any Amendment: And we are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that her Majesty has appointed half an Hour after One of the Clock for both Houses to attend her Majesty with their Address, at St. s; and that their Lordships will be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Vol. 15.

591

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received. Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in- Method of tituled. An Act to make further Provision for electing returning and summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the Sc«tcliPeer*. House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, be read upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- East India ing next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole Company. House, upon the Bill for alluring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred Thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Martii;

Anno 6# Annae Reginae, 1707.

PR AYER S.

A PETITION of divers Merchants and Traders in insolvent and about the City of London, on behalf of thftn- Debtors, selves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill, now depending, for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, no Provision is made for delivering up their Effects to their Creditors, and a very great Latitude given for Frauds and Perjuries in Gaolers and Debtors, without being detested: And praying to be heard by Counsel, or otherwise, what they have to offer against it.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fir.

Mr. Farrtr reported from the Committee, to whom Tythes of the Bill for continuing the Act forascertaining the Tythes Hemp and of Hemp and Flax, was committed; that they had made F*ax-several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Manner of whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the drawing 1 even ill Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amend- jJ-thw" ing and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Wag- l® ' goners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Ilorfcs, or with double Shafts, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, wl'.ich they had directed him to report to the House:

And

5 ° — 6° Martii.

Aftlick's Nat.

Relief of Capt. Roch.

Answer to Address.

Officers concerned in defence of Lon-- don-derry.

Puniffiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Committee for Courts of Justice.

Rates of foreign Coins in America.

594

6° — 8'‘Martii. A. 1707.

And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, after the Four-and-twentieth Day of June next, no travelling Wain, Cart, or Carriage, shall be drawn with above fix Horses, on Forfeiture of five Pounds.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks j and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing John , Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of Capt. James Roch, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That both Houses of Parliament did Yesterday present their humble Address to her Majesty; and that thereupon her Majesty was pleased to make the gracious Answer following:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

1 have such intire Dependance on the Providence of God, and so much Trust in the faithful Services of my good Subjects, that I hope, this Attempt will prove dangerous only to those, who undertake it.

Iam extremely sensible ofyour Concern and Affection for me, and my Government, and shall have a very particular Regard to the Advice you give me upon this Occasion.

1 am also very well pleased with the Justice, which you have done the States -General, in taking Notice of their timely Care for our Safety, and their Readiness to give us all possible Assistance.

The firm Resolution, which you express upon all Occasions, of supporting me in bringing this War to a safe and happy Conclusion, as it is most essentially obliging to me, so, I assure myself, it will mightily dishearten our common Enemies, and give the greatest Encouragement and Advantage to all our Allies.

Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers and Soldiers, that served in the Defence of be

taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Richard Onfltm (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

America*

Trad*.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing one Half Part of SapplyBili; the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Tonage and Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, im- Pounda£e-ported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and for other Uses therein expressed, was read the Third time.

And ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses therein expressed.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Fisherjr E«-Steivart, and William Gordon, Merchants, on behalf of c0UraSeiD*nU themselves, and other North Britains, concerned in the Fishing Trade, be taken into Consideration upon day Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Moor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Moor reported from the Committee, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Half ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Arrears of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Way* the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways *"* and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 8° die Martii;

Anno 7# Ann® Regime, 1707.

Prayers.

cyOHN Affleck, Esquire, and Mary Dewtry, took J the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for stating the Accounts of the three French Army Regiments, was read a Second time. Arrean

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Wallis, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Vice

Chamberlain,

Privilege.

Debentures made out to Col. Rice.

Army

Arrears.

Leicester

Workhouse,

Earl of

Exeter's

Estate.

7 Ann.

8° Martii.

593

Chamberlain, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Yates, Mr. , Sir Edw. Irby, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gale, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wa. Young, Mr. Winstanley Sir James Campbell, Mr. Skippen, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Medly-cott, Mr. Hadden, Mr. Seton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Strode, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. Thornkagk, Sir John Arejkyne, Mr. Morley, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Downe, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Bacon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges do hear the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Edward Strode, Esquire (a Member of this House) upon Wednesday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what, Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Medlycott reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mark Anthony de Valogne was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the said Petition,

It appeared, that the 9th of 1697, his late

Majesty King William directed the Petitioners to be in-

corporated into several French Regiments in Flanders.

That by a Report, made by the Earl of Ranelagh to his Majesty, dated the 22d Day of January, 1699, it appears,

That there is due to the Petitioners,-} s. d.

from the ift of November, 1697, to t^ief 80 — __________

27th of August, 1698, being 300 Days,/ ^-5 the Sum of -)

Of which said Sum of£. 4,080 the Pe- J

titioners did receive of Mr. Hill, Deputy f ___

to the Earl of Ranelagh in Flanders, the r 9 9 8 Sum of ----- -j

So that there remains due to the Peti--) " 7"

tioners the Sum of - - £.$ 12

Which said Sum of£. 3,150. 12 his said Majesty, by his Warrant, dated the 31st of 1699, directed

the Earl of Ranelagh to pay to the Petitioners; but they have not received any Part thereof, as appeared by a Certificate tinder the Hands of Mr. Sloper, late Agent to the Earl of Ranelagh.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Borough of Leicester, and for setting the Poor on work there, was committed; that, after the Committee had made Amendments to the Bill, some Disputes have happened among the Parties concerned, touching them, which have been since adjusted; and therefore moved, that the Bill might be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John, now Eats of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth, Countess of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are mentioned therein, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, Vol. 15.

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to Frauds in whom the Bill for redressing and preventing several Sump Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties DuUes" upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster, was committed; that they

had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Irby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Albert de Landes, for himself, and several other French reformed and supernumerary Officers, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows:

That it appeared to the Committee, by a Warrant, signed by his late Majesty King William, that there is due to the Petitioners, the reformed Officers in the three late French Regiments of Foot, for thsir Pay, between the 1 ft of May, 1693, an(' the said ift of April, 1694, the several Sums following; viz.

For seven reformed Captains, fix re-" formed Lieutenants, and one reformed Ensign, in Major General La Regiment, from the ift May, 1693, to the 30th of June following, and for (even reformed Captains, five reformed Lieutenants, and one reformed Ensign, from the ift of July, 1693, to the ift of April, 1694 -

For three reformed Captains, one re--formed Lieutenant, and one reformed Ensign, in the Earl of Lifford's Regiment, from the ift of May, 1693, to the itt. of April, 1694

For one reformed Ensign in Briga-} dier Belcaftel' % Regiment, for the fame>

Time.....-)

d.

836 15 —

326 12 6

33 10 —

Army

Arrears.

Total - - -£.1,196 17 6

Which said Sum his late Majesty, by the said Warrant, did order and direct the Earl of Ranelagh to pay, according to the Proportions above-mentioned, out of such Moneys, as should come to his Hands for that Ule.

That it appeared also to the Committee, by a Certificate under the Hand of the Earl of Ranelagh, dated 12th January, that there has been no Part of the said

Sum of £. 1,196. 17 j. 6 d. paid by him, there being no Money put into his Hands for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

The Lord William Powlet (according to Order) pre- Habeas Rented to the House, a Bill to impower her Majesty to Corpus secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall fuf- 8u Pen"on* pe.<ft are. conspiring against her Person or Government; and the same was received, and read the First time.

7 L Resolved,

594

8®v — 5® Marta. 1707.

Method of returning Scotch Peers*

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion*

Ways and Means.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second, time Tor morrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and fiitnuioning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotlandwas (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Moor (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the further Duty upon all worlled Yarn, imported, be after the Rate of twenty Shillings for every hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for preserving the publick Credit, the Duties on Coffee, Chocolate, Tea, Spices, and Pictures, and the 15 per Cent, on Mullins, which were continued, and the new additional Duties on Coffee, Tea, Spices, Pictures, Drugs, China Wares, and Callicoes, which were new-granted, by the Act, of the Third of her Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for continuing Duties on low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Mullins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs) be continued from the 23d Day of June, 1710, for the further Term of four Years from thence next ensuing.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "aoj." and inserting " 145." instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That u lor." Hand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth y

Telleis for the Yeas| JJj; Iff' J 94.

>» for the Noe^he^.» jI24.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That " 14J." be inserted instead thereof

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, that the further Duty upon all worsted Yarn, imported, be after the Rate of 14 s.for every hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds.

The second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, for preserving; the

ublick Credit, the Duties on^Coffee, Chocolate, Tea, pices, and pictures, and the 15, per Cent, on Mullins, which were continued, and the new additional Duties on Coffee* Tea, Spices, Pictures, Drugs, China Wares, and Callicoes, which were new-granted by the Act, of the 3d Year of her Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for continuing Duties on Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Mullins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs) be continued from the 23d Day of June, 1710, for the further Term of four Years from thence next ensuing.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the first Resolution, and upon a former Resolution, relating to the Duty laid upon woollen Yarn, imported from Ireland j and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bulteeli and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Rel ief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, be read the Third time upon ‘Thursday Morning next.*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and, other Aids de Camp,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord William Rowlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they do insert the Name of Colonel George Jocelyn, and the Debt due to him, into the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had-come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 90 die Martii;

Anno 7® Annae Reginas, 1707.

Praters.

SIR Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen, Anne, intituled, An Act for raising Fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands'in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to be true; and that the Parties, concerned, had given their Consents to the Bill

to

Relief of CoL Savery.

Relief of Col. Sutton, Sec,

Ways and Means.

Caldecott's

Estate.

Ann. q° Martit. 595

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Stephens's Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for telling the Estate of Thomas , Esquire, in the

Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, in the County of Gloucester, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him. to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Tabic.

Bromley's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eftat*. Act for making effectual the Provision intended by William Bromley, late of Holt Castle, in the County of Worcester, Esquire, for Dorothy , his youngest

Daughter, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Six Richard Onflowe, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cafar, Sir William

Mr. Boteler, E. of Her Mr. Wort ley, Sir Rush. Cullen, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Mr.

Sir Fran, Masham, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Bacon, Sir

Turner, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bridges, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Sir Wa. Young, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Fox, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Wild, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Pedley, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Wymie, Sir Thomas Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Proby, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pultney, Lord Connings by; and all, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Cambridge: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Election* A Petition of divers Freeholders of the County of for Sussex. Sussex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Freeholders, living in the Rape of Hastings, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of 190 H. VII. it is provided, for the Ease of the Freeholders of the said County, that the County Court should be held at and Lewes,

alternately; and by a late Act the Elections of Knights of the Shires are confined to one Place only; so that, when the Election happens at Chichester, they, the Freeholders of the Eastern Part of the said County, are deprived of their Right of voting, by reason of the Distance, and Badness of the Roads: And praying, they may enjoy the same Privilege in that, as they do in other Matters done at the said Court;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the House should resume the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Freeholders of the County of Sussex, in behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the said Freeholders, living in the Rape of Hqftings, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, whereas there is now a Bill depending, for the Ease of the Freeholders attending the Election for the Knights of the Shire of the said County, they beg Leave to represent, that by an Act, of the 19 th of 7th, it is provided, for the Ease of the said Freeholders, that the County Court should be held at; and

Lewes alternately; and by a late Act the Elections of Knights of the Shire are confined to one Place only; so that, when the Election happens at Chichester, which is at a narrow End of the County, and above 8o‘r Miles in Length, they of the Ealteiui Part are deprived of their Right of voting at Elections,. by reason of the Vot. 15.

Distance; and Badnefsof the Road a: And praying, they may enjoy the fhme Privilege in that, as they do in other Matters done at. the- laid Court.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until, as above.

A Petition of divers Freeholders of the County of Elections Suffix, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said for Sussex- . Freeholders in the Rape of Hajlings, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, whereas there is now a Bill depending, for the Ease of the Freeholders attending the Election for the Knights of the Shire of the said County, they beg Leave to represent, that by an Act, of the 19th of Hen. 7th, it is provided, for the Ease of the said Freeholders, that the County Court should be held at Chichester, and Lewes, alternately; and by a late Act the Elections of Knights of the Shire are confined to one Place only; so that, when the Elections happen at Chichester, which is at the End of a narrow long County, above 80 Miles in Length, they of the Eastern Part are deprived of their Right of voting at Elections, by reason of the Distance, and Badness of the Roads: And praying, they may enjoy the same Privilege in that, as they do in other Matters.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the House should resume the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders within the Western Ditto. Division of the County of Sussex, residing in the Borough of Midburjt, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to

the House, and read; letting forth, that understanding, a Bill is now depending, for the Ease of Freeholders in the said County, attending the Elections of Knights of the Shire, whereby the; Eastern Division will have a further Advantage, than they have already obtained, it will probably divest the Petitioners of the Power of having either Representative: And praying time to prepare a Defence by Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the House should resume the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Borough of Horj, in the Western Ditto. Division of the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Bill depending, for the Ease of Freeholders in the County of Sussex, attending the Election of Knights, of the Shire there, the Petitioners apprehend an Alteration is intended in the usual Method of polling; which if pass, 'twill be in the Power of the Freeholders of the Eastern Division to chuse two Members, and hinder the Western from chusing one: And praying time to make such Defence, as shall be necessary, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the House should resume the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders within the Western Di- Ditto, vision of the County of Sussex, residing in the Borough of Arundell, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill for the Ease of Freeholders in the County of Sussex, attending the Elections of Knights of the Shire, should pass, it would be attended with unhappy Consequences to the Freeholders of the Western Division: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the House should resume the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Mr. Manley (according to Order) presented to the Purchase of House, a Bill for the Relief of John Lord Archbrshop of Tuam, Sir John King, and others, against the Forfeiture vetted in the Crown by the Non-payment of the Sum of Twenty-five thouiimd Pound by the Times appointed by an Act, made in the First Year of her

Maj city's.

i^-

Preventing Mischiefs by Fire,

Habeas Corpus Suf-penfum.

Raising the Militia.

Ways and Means.

Elections for Sussex.

595

Martii.

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of and Lord Bopbin; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycttt do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708, altho the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for preserving the publick Credit, the further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, commonly called the Two-third Subsidy, which was granted by the Act, of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported) be continued, from the seventh Day of Marc1708, for the further Term of three Years from thence next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That foreign Cordage, imported into Great Britain, on the Exportation again into Parts beyond the Seas, shall have no Allowance, or Drawback, of any Duties, paid at the Importation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Three Shillings Chaldron on all Coals, exported for foreign Parts in British Bottoms, and of Ten Shillings per Chaldron on all Coals, exported for foreign Parts in foreign Bottoms, from Great Britain, be continued, from the End of this present Session of Parliament, until the Twenty-fifth Day of 1715, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and upon the Resolution of Monday last, relating to the Duties on Coffee, Chocolate, Tm, and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Secretary Boyle, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and biing in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of the Freeholders of the County of Sussex, attending the Election of Knights of the Shire for that County, was committed.

25

A. 1707.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read the Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Commons of Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in therewith the fifth of February, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Memorials, and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen and that of Germany, and the high Duties on Thread and Tapes, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Manley (according to Order) reported from the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice,

That, at the said Committee, the Right honourable Richard Lord Bulkley, of the Kingdom of Ireland (a Member of this House) made a Complaint against Mr. Serjeant Hooke, one of the Judges of North Wales, that, after the Queen had, at the Request of the Gentlemen of Wales, increased the Salaries of the Judges of Wain, on purpose that they might not receive the Prelents, formerly given, Mr. Serjeant Hooke did, notwithstanding, at the Town of Beaumaris, in the County of insist on a Prc-sent

from that Corporation, and that, the same not being made, the Mayor was fined £.iq.

Whereupon a Day being appointed, for making out the said Complaint, and Mr. Serjeant Hooke having Notice of the same; Counsel was heard, as well to make out the said Complaint, as on the behalf of Mr. Serjeant Hooke.

That, to make out the said Complaint, several Witnesses were examined:

Wm. Peifley, Esquire, who preceded the said Mr. Serjeant Hooke in his said Judge's Place, said, that the said Judges Salaries were increased in the Year 1702, or 1703, at the Request of the Gentlemen of the Country: That he knows nothing of a Present of Coals; but that the last Time he went the Circuit, his Marshal told him, there was no Coals allowed him; but he did not mind it; but paid his Bills, and went away.

That then' they called

Mr. 77/o. Roberts-, who delivered in a Minute of the nomina ministror' taken off the File at the Secondary's

Office; by which it appeared, that Mr. Fra. Edwards, then Mayor, was fined J.zo, but afterwards excused: It did not appear by the said Minute, what was the Occasion of setting the said Fine.

That Mr. Roberts likewise proved a Copy of an Order, made by the Mayor and Corporation 16th August, 1706, against presenting Coals to the Judge.

Mr. Roberts said, that he was present, when Mr. Serjeant Hook sent for the Mayer into Court, about Ten in the Morning, and, upon his coming, stopt Business, to discourse with the Mayor about the Coals; which the Serjeant infilled on, as due of Right, and himself having received them 14 or 15 Years; and the Mayor denied, they were due of Right, and excused the Corporation's giving them, as being very poor; and the Serjeant said, they were never denied, till that pragmatical Man (meaning Mr Edwards)came to be Mayor: That Mr. Ed-

wards laid, He was not pragmatical; and, since Mr. Serjeant Hook insisted on them, as his Right, they would try it with him; and thereupon the Serjeant fined the Mayor £.20. That the Witness stood near, and in hearing of all that was said, but did not hear the Mayor give the Judge any disrespectful Language.

Owen Roberts, Esquire, proved the Copy of the Order, made by the Corporation of Beaumaris, for (lopping the Allowance of Coals to the Judges; which was dated the 16th August, 1706, and subscribed by Mr. Edzvards, as Mayor, and Seven others of the Corporation: And

said,

Turftee* of Irish Forfeitures.

Duties on Linen.

Conduct of a Judge on Circuit.

7 Ann.

90 Martii.

597

laid, that he being absent, when the nomina ministror' was called over, was fined £. 5, and, on his Return, waiting on the Serjeant, to pray, his Fine might be excused, the Serjeant laid, he would fine the Mayor for not giving Coals, except the said Order was revoked; and assigned it for the Cause; which the Witness desired him first to consider well of.

Then Mr. Rowland Wynne came to him from the Judge, and asked him to pay for the Coals; and said, then the Judge would take off the Fine: And that afterwards he gave Mr. Kiffin 7 s. 6d. to pay for the Coals, and both the Fines were taken off; but was not himself present in Court, when 'twas done.

That Mr. Serjeant Hooke professed before God, that not one Word of what Mr. Roberts had said, was true; and demanded of him, whether he had not owned, that the Coals had been presented Fourscore Years: To which Mr. Roberts answered, that was many Years before he was born.

Kiffin, Esquire, said, he was present in Court, when Mr. Serjeant Hook sent for the Mayor, and fined him £. 20. That, when the Mayor came into Court, Mr.

Serjeant Hook Hop'd the Proceedings, and entered into a Discourse with the Mayor about the Coals; and said, the Coals was due to him by Right, but that pragmatical Man, the Mayor, had flopped the Coals, to affront the Judges; and bid them fine the Mayor 20, whereupon the Witness moved the Judge to fufjjend fining Mr.

Edwards, the Mayor, he being only one of the Corporation; and that he would give Leave, that the Corporation might he heard by their Counsel: To which he answered, that the Corporation might move to take off the Fine.

That Mr. Serjeant Hooke infilled on the Coals, as his Right; and the Mayor said, if Mr. Serjeant infilled upon it, as a Right, they would try it with him: The Bailiffs said, they did not consent to the Order for flopping of Coals,) and the Recorder gave an Account of their having been allowed to the Judges 50 or 60 Years, but did not say 'twas of Right: That the Mayor used no disrespectful Words.

That Mr. Kiffin said, he carried from Mr. Roberts 7 s. 6 d. to Mr. Serjeant Hook's Landlady, to pay for the Coals; and afterwards the Fine was remitted.

That Francis Edwards, Esquire, the then Mayor, gave an Account, that when he first waited on the Judge to Court, and from thence to his Lodgings, the Judge told him, he had a Quarrel with him for keeping back the Coals; and that he would sue for them: To which the Mayor said, if it was demanded of Right, the Corporation mull defend it: And that on Morning after, when he came into Court, being lent for by the Judge, Proceedings were Hop'd, and the Serjeant falling into Discourse with the said Mr. Edwards about paying for the Coals, the Serjeant called him pragmatical Fellow, and fined him £. 20. Mr. Edwards said, he believes, that the Coals were laid in by the Bailiff before the Assizes, but the Order, made by the Corporation, forbid paying for them: He acknowleged, the Recorder did say, that he had known Coals given for fifty or sixty Years; but he did not say, they were due of Right. Mr. Edwards said, he was then in Commission of the Peace, but did not act; and before the next Session was turned out.

That Mr. Edwards said further, that on Friday Morning the Judge told him in his Chamber, before he went to Court (Lord Bulkley being present) that the Coals were paid for, and he would take off his Fine; To which Mr. Edwards answered, That they were not paid for with his Privity, or Consent: To which the Judge replied, He cared not for that; but would take off the Fine: Which Mr. Edwards heard, was afterwards done.

That on behalf of Mr. Serjeant Hooke several Wit-nefle6 were called:

Thomas Owen, Esquire, Mr. IVm. Betley, Mr. Wm. Bold: Who gave an Account, they were in Court, when the Fine was imposed upon Mr. Edwards: That Mr. . Y01, 15.

Serjeant Hooke infilled on the Coals, as his Right; and Couduft of that the Recorder said, he bad known them given for ® Judf=e 0B this 6otr Years: That Mr. Serjeant Hooke did call the Ircu ' Mayor pragmatical, and Words of Heat passed between the Judge and the Mayor, but no Words, except about Coals, before the Fine was set: That they look'd upon the Mayor's Carriage as disrespectful, for that the Mayor particularly said, if he could not have Right there, he should have it in another Place. And Mr.

Bold said, the Mayor talk'd of having Satisfaction; and that, as he took it, the Fine was set for the Mayor's Misbehaviour.

Then Mr. Serjeant Hook's Counsel's produced a Copy of the Privy Seal, for increasing the Judges Salaries in Wales; which mentions, as an Inducement to the fame, that it was represented to the Queen by the said Justices, that, by reason of the taking away of the Court or Ludlow, the Profits of their respective Places were very much decreased, and were not sufficient, with their aforesaid Salaries and Allowances, to support them with that Dignity, and Respect, as the Queen's Service required.

That they also produced Mr. Serjeant Hook's Patent, as Judge in that Circuit; by which was granted to him the Office, una cum omnibus feodis, vadiis, regardis, -

ficuis, cujtumar, advantagiis, libertatibus, et bus, quibufeunq; diSlo officio JpeElan. et pertinen.

They also produced the Copy of the Oath, taken by the Judges in Wales; by which they swear, not to assent to any thing, which may tend to the Dilherifon of the Queen.

That they also produced a Copy of the private Act of Parliament, made 30 Ed. VI. that provides, that the Grand Sessions for the County of Anglesey shall be held at Beaumaris.

That some Members gave an Account, how several Gentlemen of Wales applied to the Lord Treasurer, for increasing the Salaries of the Judges of Wales, in Ease of the Country: But that being the Evidence of Members, I submit to them to acquaint the House with it, if they shall think fit.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to thele Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for any Judge, in his Circuit, to demand a Present from any Sheriff of a County, or Magistrate of a Corporation, is arbitrary and illegal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount

Bulkley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, hath fully made out his Complaint against Mr. Serjeant John Hooke, Chief Justice of the Counties of Carnarven, , and

Merioneth, That at the Grand Sessions at Beaumaris he did insist upon a Present from that Corporation, which not being made, the said Mr. Serjeant Hooke did fine the Mayor £. 20.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contrajicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That for any Judge, in his Circuit, to demand a Present from any Sheriff of a County, or Magistrate of a Corporation, is arbitrary and illegal.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Bulkley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, hath fully made out his Complaint against Mr. Serjeant John Hooke, Chief Justice of the Counties of Carnarven, Anglesey, and Merioneth, That at the Grand Sessions at Beaumaris he did insist upon a Present from that Corporation, which not being made, the said Mr. Serjeant Hooke did fine the Mayor £. ao.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, VP??' }I3°‘

7 M Tellers

>° Mart.

Church

Statutes.

Craizers and Convoys.

Church

Statutes.

Reversing

Bond's

Attainder.

598 9° — 10

A. 1707.

Tellers for the Noes, L«d Wm.tmUu,

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to receive a Clause, for preserving to the Crown, and the Queen and her Successors, the Right of local Visitation of those Churches, which were founded by King Henry the Eighth, to which no Statutes have been granted since that Time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, admitting an Appeal from the Bishop's local Visitation, as in Cafes of ordinary Jurisdiction;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,) flff } ,

Tel'ers for the Noe.,j } ,6t-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rickard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruizers and Convoys, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingroll'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding ot Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wortley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wortley reported from the Committee, that they

had heard the Counsel for Dr. upon his Petition

against the Bill; and that afterwards the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjou rned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

f Mr. St. John,

\ Mr. Sharpe:

S The Lord Wm. )

I Mr. Wortley: *79

} I36-

Mercurii, 1 o* Martii;

Anno 7* Annae Reginae, 1707.

Prat xr s.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Bond, Baronet, in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Conningsby, Sir Hen.D. Colt, Sir Robert Havers, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Shocker ley, Mr. Dolben, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ellis, Sir Edward Law-rance, Mr. IValiis, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Cook, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Johnson, Sir Ch. Turner, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Poultney, Sir

Mr. Pelham, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Francis Masham (according to Order) presented Mathew'* to the House, a Bill for vesting in Trustees some Copy- ^state* hold Estate of Nathaniel Mathew, deceased, in the County of Surrey, to be sold, to discharge Debts and Legacies, charged thereupon; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for settling the Estate of John, now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth, Countess of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are mentioned therein, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cald«cou*«, to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, made in the Estate. first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising Fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott,

Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w.thout any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Paterson'* whom the Resolution, relating to William Paterson, Claims. Esquire, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for redressing and Frauds in preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Stamp Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and ^ut'es-Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of be read

the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill to enlarge the Time for returning the Certifi- Ecclesiastical cates of all ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the clear Livingsunder yearly Value of f. 50, as also for discharging all Livings £-5®P«ranB. of that Value from the Payment of First fruits, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Jekill, Mr. Peyton, Lord Powlett. Sir H. D. Colt, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rowtiy, Mr. Cal-thorpe, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Monson,

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bulteel, Sir ROnflow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Poltney, Mr. Mr.

Haddon, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Annesley, Mr. for, Mr. Neville, Mr. Clayton, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Bofcawen, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Fran.

Masham, Mr. MonBon, Mr. Topham, Mr. Proby, Mr.

Pedley, Mr. Gwynne, Sir John Arefkine, Mr. Bennett,

Sir Fran. Child, Sir John Swinton, Sir Wm. St. Quintin,

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Manley: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving Time to the Archbishops, Bishops. Deans, and inferior Clergy, to pay their First fruits.

Ordered, That it be also an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause,

fos

io° Martii.

Park's Debt to the Crown.

African

Trad*?*

Portsmouth, itc. Docks.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

7 Ann.

599

for lessening the Fee? of the Bonds to be given for First fruits.

Ordered, That it be also an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for discharging the present Incumbents from the Arrears of the First fruits due from their Predecessors, and to charge the same upon the Executors or Administrators of their Predecessors.

Mr. Fulham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Richard , Citizen, and late Merchant, of London, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Royal Af Company of England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have been at great Expence in building and maintaining Fortifications and Factories on the Coastof Africa, for carrying on that Trade, whereby the Western Plantations have been furnished with Negroes, by whole Labour is yearly produced great Riches to this Nation; and that the late Act for settling the Trade to Africa (instead of answering the expected Benefit) hath occasioned the Advance of the Price of Negroes in Guinea, to the Detriment of the Petitioners: And praying the House to take the State of the Trade and Interest on the Coast of Africa into Consideration, and give Support and Relief to the Petitioners, as they shall judge fit.

And Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that her Majesty had had the Matter of the said Trade before her, upon a Report from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations; and that her Majesty had been, pleased to allow of the Company's laying their Petition before this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, the Report, lately made by them to her Majesty, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that out of the Moneys, given for this Year's Service, a proper Sum may be applied, for the better securing the Docks at Portsmouth and Chatham.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 15.

Sir David Dalrymple (according to Order) presented Equivalent to the House, a Bill for the further directing the Pay- t°r Scotland, ment of the Equivalent Money; and the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act York for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Register. Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take the said Amendments into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at East jndim Twelve a Clock, ref five itself into a Committee of the Company, whole House, upon the Bill for assuring to the Company, trading to the East Indies on Account of the united Stock, a longer Tune in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby t;,e Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Raising th# ing, retbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia, upon the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Cruisers and Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Convoy*. An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Sk. L. 2t. For " first" read " 20th."

3 Sk. L. 19. Instead of " the Commons assembled " in" read " both Houses of."

4 Sk. L. 2. Leave out from " the" to " be," in the 4th L- and read " Sea Service."

L. 9. After " War" read or Privateers."

L. 14. The fame.

5 Sk. L. 28. The fame.

L. 39. After " War" read " or Privateer or " Privateers."

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further American Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the Trade, whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Security and Encouragement of the American Trade, was committed.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Method of to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, returning sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in Scotch Poor*, the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Army

Arrears.

Punidiing Mutiny and Desertiun.

Railing the Militia.

Equivalent ior Scotland

Hacketts

Estate.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

6oO

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-1114 i«'xi, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Feilding, Mr. Molsworth, Mr. Ward Mr. Sir

Sir Ja. Campbell, Sir Gilbert Heathcote. Sir Pair.

Mr. Diston, Mr. Monson, Mr. Wild, Colonel King, Sir John Aworey, Mr. Pelham, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Ver-

non Mr. Archer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Bating the Accounts of the three French Regiments, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, ii° Mar tit;

Anno 7® Ann® Reginse, 1707.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals , and that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Moor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir H. D. Colt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Committee to whom the Petition of John Hackett, Esquire, was referred, had proceeded therein, before there was a Possibility of the Creditors of his Father to be heard; and that such Proceedings was the Occasion of drawing several Papists together about this House, contrary to her Majesty's Proclamation;

Ordered, That the Committee be discharged from proceeding further upon the said Petition.

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and 4iad directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A. 1707.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing one half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pound per Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and for other Uses therein expressed, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encouragement of such of her Majesty's Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing such Chieftains and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, which were due to the Superiors so forfeiting; and that Colonel Stanhope, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Abercromby, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Soldi or General, Sir John Erfkin, Lord Conningfby, Sir Peter Hackett, Mr. Haddon, Sir John Swinton, Mr. Cockbu' % , Mr. Graham, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Set on, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. L. to leave out "dilaffeftive," and insert " disaffected."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall fuipeft are conspiring against her Person or Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for continuing the half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by the Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

io° — ii° Martii.

Security of Queen'* Person, &c.

Supply Bill) Tonage and Poundage.

Scotland — Encouragement ot Loyalty.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

Supply Bill;

Half

Subsidies.

7 Ann.

1 i8 Mar tit.

Got

Rates of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

America"9 ^or ascerta'n*ng the Rates of foreign Coins in her Ma-menea. plantations in Amewas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Statutes. Mr. Wortley (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the Moufej and are as follow;

L. i z. Leave out " unhappy civil Wars," and insert " Rebellion."

L. 37. After " Land" insert Clause A.

" Provided always, and be it further enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that no Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter be liable to any Prosecution, Censure, or Punishment, whatsoever, for not having 4* observed any of the Statutes, hereby ratified and " confirmed, or for having done any thing contrary to " the fame, on or before the 9th Day of March,

" 1707; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

L. 39. After "correct" insert "revoke, diminish."

L. Last. After " them" insert " and to make new Statutes and Ordinances for the said Cathedral and " Collegiate Churches, and for resuming, or settling, the local Visitation of them, or any of them, in " such Manner, from time to time, as to her Majesty shall seem meet."

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Bichard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Hab«a« The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Corpus to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Per-

Suspenfioo. fons, as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against

her Person or Government, without any Amendments. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fitbery Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Gilbert

Encourage- Stewart, and William For don. Merchants, on behalf of ment* themselves, and other North Britains, concerned in the Fishing Trade, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Relief of Col. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of

Savery. Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

East India Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Company. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for alluring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

faterson's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Claims. whom the Resolution, relating to William

Esquire, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Garbling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spices. for repealing the Act, of the first Year of King James the First (intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices) and for granting an Equivalent to the City of , by admitting Brokers, without any Amendments,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Importing the Importation of Cochineal in neutral, or Cochineal.

Ships, from Cadiz, Sevil, Port St. , St. Lucar, and

Gibraltar j and that Mr. Ward, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, and Sir William Hodges, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Royal Assent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Bill».

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, Went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing one half Part of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pound fer Annum, to be sold, for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708, and other Uses therein expressed:

An Act to explain the Act, of the last Sessions of Parliament, for the Relief of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt, carried Coastwise, and also an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, in relation to certain Salt-works near the Sea-fide, and Bay of Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea:

An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys:

An Act for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watehet, in the County of Somersett:

An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government:

An Act to impower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons, as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government:

An Act for repealing the Act of the first Year of the Reign of King James the First (intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices) and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers:

An Act for making the Ship Ambuscade (a French Privateer, taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned, and sold as Prize) a free Ship:

An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising Fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott, Esquire:

An Act for settling the Estate of John, now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements, made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth, Countess of Exeter, his now Wife, subject to such Alterations, as are mentioned therein:

And that afterwards her Majesty made a most gra- Queen'a cious Speech to both Houses, as followeth: Speech.

My Lords, and Gentlemen, ,* '

I think it necessary to acquaint you, that I have re-

ceived Advices this Morning from that the

French Fleet (ailed from Dunkirki at Three in

tire Morning, Northward, with the Pretender on board; as also, that Sir George Bing had Notice of it the same Day, at Ten; and he being very much superior to the Enemy, both in Number and Strength, I make no Question, but, by God's Blefiing, he will fooa be able to give a good Account of them.

7 N I have

Address on

Queen's

Speech.

6o$ ii*1 — i d. 1707.

I have also Adaice, that ten Battalions of my Troopj were imbarqued at OJlend, ready to fail with their Convoy, as there shall be Occasion; and I shall continue to take all proper Measures, for dil'appointing the Enemy's Designs.

Resolved, Nemlne contradiceHte, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to her Majesty, returning her the Thanks of this House for her most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to allure her Majesty that this House will Hand by her Majesty to the utmost of their Power, in the Defence of her Person and Government, and Support of the Protestant Succession; and that, whatever Expences her Majesty shall be at, by augmenting her Troops upon this extraordinary Occasion, the Commons of Great Britain will take care to make good; and humbly to intreat her Majesty, that (he will not be any ways diverted from prosecuting the War abroad in all its Parts; and that (he will have so much Regard to the Safety of her Royal Person, and the Security of the present happy Establishment, as in the most remarkable Manner to discountenance such Persons, as have endeavoured to make Divisions amongst her faithful Subjects, or to raise Jealousies in her Majesty of those, who have served her in the most eminent and distinguistung Manner.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Boyle, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Sir John Holland, Mr. Vernon, Sir David Dairy mp/e, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Wortley, Sir St.

Quintin, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mr. Hampden, Mr. Onslow, the Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Foley, Sir S Xho, Hanmer, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Mr.

Hern, Lieutenant General Erie, Mr. the Lord

Comirigsby, Sir IVm. Huftler, Lord Mordaunt, Mr. Bof-cawen. Sir C/ta. Hedges, Mr. Dolben, Sir Fran.

Mr. Thomhagh, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Gilbert

cotie, Mr. Gale, Sir Andrew Hume, the Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Barker, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Aiflaby, Sir Richard "Temple, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr.

Stanhope, Mr. Ward, Mr. Wa Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. Freeman, to draw up and prepare the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Six a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered That her Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters, separate Traders to Africa, interested in, and trading to, the Plantations of Virginia and Maryland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the passing an Act for settling the Trade to Africa, made in the 9th and 10th Years of King William 3d, whereby the Trade was laid open to all the Subjects of this Kingdom, the same hath greatly improved, both to the Benefit of Merchants and Planters, but under a Burthen of £. 10 per Cent, paid to the Royal African Company, towards maintaining their Forts and Castles, which have been no manner of Benefit to the Petitioners: And praying, they may be relieved from that heavy Burden of Tender Cent, and the Trade so regulated, as may turn to the Advantage of the British Nation in general.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Poultney, from the Lords Commissioners of Trade, presented to the House,

A Copy of the Petition of the Royal African Company to her Majesty; with,

A Copy of the Representation of the Commissioners of Trade to her Majesty thereupon.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and Representation, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

The said Petition and Representation are bound up with the other Papers of the Sessions.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters, separate Traders to Africa, in behalf of themselves, and divers others, interested in, and trading to, the island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have very much increased the Trade to Africa, since it being laid open to separate Traders, upon their paying Ten per Cent, to the African Company; and that the Ten per Cent. Duty, paid in nine Years pad, for Support of the African Company's Forts, hath amounted to Eighty-five thousand Pounds, which hath not been applied to the Uses intended: And praying to be heard to what they have to offer in relation to the said Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Committee of Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Morley, Sir

iPrivileges. tlet on, Mr. Manley, Mr. be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Martii;

Anno 70 Annse Reginas, 1707.

Prayer 9.

Mathew'* A BILL for vesting in Trustees some Copyhold Eft*1*- jTjl Estate of Nathaniel Mathetv, deceased, in the County of Surry, to be sold, to discharge Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Purchase of A Bill for the Relief of John, Lord Archbishop of Irith forfeited Tuam, Sir John King, and others, against the Forfeiture, Estate. vested in the Crown by the Non-payment of the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pound by the Times appointed by an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of , and Lord Bo-

phin, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

20

A Bill for naturalizing John Esquire, was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Jennings, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Edw. Erby, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Fultney, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Mr. Boulteell, Mr. Batch, Sir John Are/kine, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Barker, Sir Wm. Sir

Wm. Huftler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lifler, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Ellis, Sir Pair. Johnson, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Gale, Mr. Pedly, Sir Nich. Morrice, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Manltyi Mr. -for. Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Guybons, Sir John Aubery, Sir Thomas Webster, Sir Robert

Mr. Ireton, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pigot,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. B/athwate:And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Baronet, in Ireland, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved,

Africm Trade;

Ditttf.

Ditto

A flick's Nat-

Reversing

Bond's

Attainder.

7 Ann'; i 2° Mar tit. 6o|

Resolved, That the Bill do pafj. . had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers do carry t'he Bill to had directed him to report to the House: And which he the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the agreed to the same without any Amendments. Clerk's Table; where the same were oned road though-

out, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon

importing Mr. Ward (according to Order) presented to the the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments Cochineal. House, a Bill for the Importation of Cochineal in neu- to some of . the said Amendments) agreed unto by the tral, or Spanish, Ships, from Cadi*, Sivil, Port St. Mary, House.

St. Lucar, and Gibraltar; and the same was received* Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Park's Debt An ingrossed Bill tp impower the Lord High Trei-

fe the Crown. surer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury* , Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Debts due to to compound with Richard Park, Citizen, and late Mer- House, . the Crown*

chant of London, was read the Third time. An Account of what Debts, for Taxes, were due to

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, the Crown front the Persons therein named, who have An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great compounded with the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound Britain; and also,

with Richard Parke, Citizen, and late Merchant of London. A Report, with an Account of Money received for Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Composition on Debts upon account of Customs; and Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. also,'

A Report concerning Debts compounded for by vir-tHd Stratford Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to tue of Acts of Parliament, upon account of Excise.

Roads. whom the Bill for repairing the Highway from Old And the Titles thereof were read.

Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, And the said Account, and Reports, are as follow: in the County of Warwick, was committed; that they

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of what Debts were due to the Crown from the following Persons, who have, by virtue of Acts of Parliament, compounded with the Lord High Treasurer- of Britain, and of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer upon such Compositions, and who were the Sureties for the Persons so compounding.

Money paid on Compositions.

THE Debt of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver General for Chefer, and North Wales, £. d.

estimafed at the Sum of £.33,898. 3/. 7 id.HisSecurity were Sir John Baronet,

Sir MithaellBiddolph, Baronet, ‘Thomas Whitley, Esquire, Luke Lloyd, Esquire, William Butler,

and Samuel Lloyd, Gentlemen.

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, the Lord Treasurer compounded with Sir Michael Biddolph, for his Proportion of the said Debt, including Thirteen hundred and Four Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Ten Pence, raised , Out of his Estate, for the Sum of £.5,931.' os. 10 d.which was paid into the Exchequer

accordingly - -- -- - 5,931 — 16

By virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, my Lord Treasurer compounded with Mr. Thomas Whitley, one other of the Sureties of the said Morgen Whitley, for the sum of Six hundred Pounds, for his Proportion of the said Debt;

whereof paid into the Exchequer ----- - - - 195 — — s

By virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, my Lord Treasurer compounded with Mr. Thomas Kenyon, Executor of Luke Lloyd, one other Security Of the said Morgan Whitley, for his Proportion of his laid Debt, for the Sum of Two hundred Pounds j which was paid into the Exchequer - -- 200 — - —

The Debt of John Mason, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was Three thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence: His Security were Sir John Conyers, Baronet, Robert Appreece, Esquire, John Pickering,

John Farrer, and Robert Williams, Gentlemen.

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign* the Lord Treasurer compounded with John Mason, the Receiver himself, as his Propor- . tion of the said Debt, for the Sum of Six hundred and Six Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and One Peny Farthing; which Money, or any Part thereof, is not yet paid by the said Mason.

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the said third Year of her Majesty's Reign, the Lord Treasurer compounded with John Pickering, one of the Sureties of the said Mason, for the Sum of Four hundred Pounds; which was paid into the Exchequer accordingly ----- ----- - --- - 400 — —

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the said third Year of her Majesty's Reign, the Lord Treasurer compounded with John Farrer, one other of the Sureties of the said Mason, for the lum of Five hundred Pounds, being for his Proportion of other Part of the said Mcfons Debt, amounting to £. 1,966. 7/. 1 d. which Sum of Five hundred Pounds was

paid into the Exchequer accordingly - -- - 500 — —

The Debt of Augustine Brigg, Esquire, late Receiver General for Part of the County of Norfolk, is estimated at £. 12,485. 17 s. 11 \d, HisSecurity wer Cock, John Drake, and John Hunton.

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the said third Year of her Majesty's Reign, the Lord Treasurer compounded with the said Cock, Drake, and Hunton, for the Sum of One thousand Pounds; which was paid into the Exchequer accordingly ----- 1,000 — — h

The Debts of Thomas Cobb, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Southampton was £. 3,421. cps.id. His Security were Richard Cobb, Esquire, and Arnold Squibb.

Vol. 15. And

e

604 1 % MartiuA. 1707

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the said third Year of her Majesty's Reigrt, the Lord Treasurer compounded with Richard Cobb for the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds; which was paid into the Exchequer accordingly - - - 1 — —

The Debts of Nathaniel Molyneux, Esquire, Receiver General of the County of -was 3,700. His Security were (VilUam Molly neux, Nathan James Regers, and

fViltiam Travis.

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the f Year of his late Majesty's Reign, the Lord Treasurer compounded with the said Mollyneux for the Sum of Five hundred Pounds* which Money not being paid within the limited Time, his Lord ship set aflde the said Composition, and ordered Process against the said Mohneaux' % Estate, where-ever it could be found.

The Debt of Nathaniel Rich, Esquire, Receiver General of the County of Essex, is £. 3,419. 9 s.7 \d.His Security were' the Right honourable Charles Lord John

Ward\ Esquire, and William Kiffiu.

And by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 5th Year of her Majesty's Reign, the Lord Treasurer compounded with the said Rich for the Sum of Eight hundred Fifty-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, being a Fourth Part of the Debt; my JLor dFitzwalter and Mr. Ward being to pay two other fourth Parts; and the remaining fourth Part, being Kiffen $ Proportion, is forgiven, in confidetation of his Poverty; but none of this Money is yet paid into the Exchequer, having Time, by the Act of Parliament, till the 24th of June, j 70S, to pay the Money.

Agent Office, 3d March, *707.

May it please your Lord ship:

IN obedience to your Lordship's Commands, signified to us by Mr. Lowndes, in his Letter of the ad In-llant, with Copy of an Order from the House of Commons, touching Persons that have compounded for Debts due to the Crown, by virtue of Acts of Parliament, your Lord ship requiring from us such an Account, so far as the Revenues under our Management are concerned;

We do humbly acquaint your Lordship, that we caused the said Account to be drawn out by the Re-

in all - - £.8,376 — 10

William 1,

Ri, Shordiche.

ceiver General, and our Solicitor, and do herewith humbly lay the same before your Lordflitp.

Which is humbly submitted to your Lord ship's Consideration.

T. Nezvport,

Sam. Clarke, Custom-house, London, Will.

o* March,«nai. Jo. IVerden,

T. HaU,

M.

Merchants

g

co'

r — H

n‘

0

Q_

cr

o

o

0§

ft

r*

M

o

s

H

X

O

a

a

H

MERCHANTS NAMES. SURETIES NAMES.

Stockton.

Edward Fletham More - Rowland Place, Hugh Watson -

London.

Hugh Redman - James Brace, John Thorpe -

Thomas Stevenson Andrew Surrey, Robert Westbrdoke

Thomas Proudfoot John Bellamy, Edmund Proudfoot

Bristol.

Tho. Lowe - . - Chris. Sutton - -

Beaumaris.

London.

Thomas Walsh - - - ] CBen. Johnson, John Bedell, Geo. Copley, John Ro-7 [ binfon, Ant®. Gooding - - - - '1

Samuel Story -

Arthur Shallett -

Gideon Benoift -Peter Lynch Jwhtrhavie Wm.-Siriith Robert Hunter -

London.

P

!J<$hfin Gardner James Taylor -

V. /

_ £ Nathaniel Story

{Daniel Pritchard, Ed. Lewis, Robert Trivett, and JotoKerfbot - -

_ j Peter Geneves, John Toms -f Geo. Thornburgh, Thomas Cane (not signed) Mi-> " ( chael Bermingham, Francis Hawkins - -)

I Alex. Cairnes, William Wrighte- - - -|

V Peter Stower, Polycarpus Dawkins, Geo. Smith} "* t John Lowen - - - - -J

- John GeDatly, Andrew Crawford -

CNath. Baterfby, Nic®. Baterlby, Wm. Beauchamp,> ( Wm. Coleman, Joseph Hemiings, Jo. Oldmixon } John Paine, Robert Spencer - - - - 1

'I

DEBT. Composition. TOTAL. Date of the Warrants to compound.

/. £. d.

95* at 2 s.6 d. £. 119 8* March, 1697.

201 5 — { at 2 s,6 </. per 25 3 1 8° December, 1702.

«74 at -2 s.6 d. per £. . 84 6- 15 September, 1697.

1,742 14 8 \ Transport Debt, and In- { R ~ i terefi, assigned over. 1 400 11 5 August, 1697.

43 2 9* at 6 d. per £. 1 1 6 8' March, 1697.

810 6 - 200 ( 16 March, 1697. 119 September, 1699.

498 11 10 - 100 — — 9 March, 1696,

2,805 10 9 One third Part. 935 7 l 13 7»*e, 1699. 110 July, and

*>4*7 ® f Transport Debentures af- 1 M43 3 —; L 18 August, 1702.

10,603 4 "1 < signed, £.5,161. 4*. 5) > ( Money. 24 2 5 J Oi 00 On ON O 25 March, 1703.

400 18 1 at 5s. per £. 100 4 6 r Ditto.

2,662 4 9^ at 3 s. per £. 399 6 9 16 Apr. 1703.

229 17 2 at as. 6d. per.£. 28 14 .8 September, 1697.

443 3 at 2 s.6d. per£. 55 8 31 i# Apr. \703.

*68 15 31 - - 20 — Ditto.

6,*99 *9; ' In Money and De-,) 1 bentures. 5 IjOOOO — ' — 17 1703.

289 10 9 J - - - 1 45 .16 December.

O

O

tn

Akn. 12° Martii

1

MERCHANTS NAMES.

Robert Rigden -

Wm. Thornburgh John Gillatly

SURETIES NAMES.

Cha. Gregory, Hen. Vickers, Robert Howfe, Wm. Ed- ‘ wards, Adrian Vanhelfding, John Kans -)

John Piggott -

Andrew Craford, Evan Mackpherson.

Exon.

Chris. Coke

Chetler. Wm. Winstanley

John Saunders

'v

Surety for Raymond Roudey

Leverpoole. Richmond and Tarleton

Falmouth. William Penneck, and

London.

Surety for Ditto

Francis Clyes

Thomas Tomkins Benja. Niccolls -

John Cross

John Chaigneau

James Thornton, John Greffingham, Rd. Davies -Tho. Niccolls, Edw. Langdon, Geo. Pawlett, John' [ Coleman, Nico. Lincolne, Ila. Massey . - -j'

11 Samuel Waltham, Ch. Wallain, Ed. Slatery, and' i ][ Christopher Hodgson - - - -S

f Haac Degraves, Abra. Melier, Wm. Beflant, Peter") I Dufau, John Prevost.....j

DE BT. Composition. TOTAL.

£‘ J. d. £ J. d.

3>963 10 4 - - 5° MM

749 10 II . 100 —

123 II 5 at 1 s. 6 d. per £ - 9 5 4*

100 — — - 5 — —

369 9 5 - «i m 100 — —

194 *3 4 3 j 100 — —

427 12 6 at JJ- per £. - - 106 18 if

2,769 10 6i . 73* 8 Sf

2,436 17 — - - 40 — —

3»859 7 ——

3,477 10 3 - - - m -

Date of the Warrants to compound.

16 December.

17 Ditto. Ditto.

V) April, 1703.

5 February, 1705. a 1 March, 1705. January, 1706.

24 December, 1706.

3 FrJr. 1707.

JThefe two not perfected. 4

606 12° Mar. 1707,

Haifing the Militia.

Corfo's lA)fs by Piracy.

Supply Bill; Half Subfiles.

Debtors

Petition

7 Ann.

To the Right honourable Sidnty Earl of Godolphin, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain:

May it please your Lord ship:

IN Obedience to your Lord ship's Commands, signified by Letter from Mr. Lownds, of the ad Instant, we humbly lay before your Lord ship an Account of the Persons, who nave compounded their Debts, contracted on account of the Revenues under our Care, and for what Sums the same were compounded, and what have been

6oj

paid upon such Compositions, according to an Order of the House of Commons for that Purpose.

Which we humbly submit to your Lordship's great Wisdom.

Onslow,

Excise Office,

London, Mar. Geo.

4th, 1707. Edw.

Chr. Montague.

120Martii.

The Names of Persons, who have compounded their Debts, contracted on account of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, by virtue of Alts of Parliament.

George Murray, a Collector of Excise, whose Sure-

-5

ties were Allen Garrard and John Goodeve

Arthur Shallett: His Debt contracted in Returns oi Money. His Surety was Jof. Bennett

William Ellis: His Debt contracted in Returns of Money

William Joyce: His Debt contracted in Returns ol Money -

3

a

Excise Office, London, March 4th, 1707.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Reports, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Hen. Dutton Colt (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the Housej and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Corjo, a Genoese Merchant, was referred, be made upon Morning next.

A Bill for continuing the Half Subsidies, therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit, and also a Clause of Approbation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for taking off the Drawback of Duties on Cordage, upon the Exportation thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for laying the Duty of Twenty-five Pound per Ton upon French Wines, pursuant to the Resolution of the House.

A Petition of poor Debtors, free Men and Women of the honoutable City of Prisoners in Lud-

Yol. W.

Their Debts.

For what Sum compounded.

£ s. d. £ d.

3>399 12 6 245 7 6 All paid.

4,99I 15 Si 4i z 6i All paid.

L430 7 10* 00 ^4 H H 10 i All paid.

572 11 8 20 — — All paid.

Foot Onslow,

Ab. Strong,

Geo. Townefend, Edw. Noell, Chr. Montague.

gate, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the greatest Part of the Petitioners have lived in good Credit and Reputation, but by great Losses, Decay of Trade, and other Casualties, are reduced to a deplorable Condition, the Number of them so great, they are not able to subsist, and must inevitably perish: And praying, feme Act may be made for their Release, that they may thereby partake of the Blessing, God Almighty hath vouchsafed to this Realm by the happy Union.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Arrears of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutch ReB‘* House, to consider of the Cafe, Report, Petition, and meBts* Reply, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War; and nothing to intervene.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into ReliefofCol. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Sattou, he. the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord William Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

The Lord William Rowlett reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Answer to Address had been presented to her Majesty, that (he Addref*. would be pleased to give Directions, that out of the Monies, given for this, Year's Service, a proper Sum may be applied for the better securing the Docks ac Portsmouth and Chatham \ and that her Majesty was pleased to answer;

That it is a great Satisfaction to her Majesty, that th£

Hyufe of Commons has in their Thoughts effectually to secure the Docks at Portsmouth and Chatham.

It

Addrtfs on the Queen's Speech.

608

ta° — 13

A. 1707.

It being very uncertain, what the Expence of this necessary Work will be, her Majesty will give Directions, for Draughts, and Estimates, to be made of it, and laid before the House as soon as may be.

Sir John Holland reported from the Committee, Yesterday appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, upon the Resolution, and upon the Debate, of the House; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House j and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table} where the same was twice read, and is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly wait on your Majesty, to express the great Sense we have of your Grace and Favour, in communicating to us, from the Throne, the Account of the French King's persisting to invade your Dominions, and toim-pose a Pretender upon these Realms, over which your Majesty is rightful and lawful Sovereign.

The small Number of Ships and Troops with which this Project is prosecuted, notwithstanding the great naval Force your Majesty has fitted out with so much Expedition, as it ought to be regarded with Contempt, on the one side, so, on the other, it gives us just Cause to believe, that their chief Dependency is upon some of your Subjects, whole restless Passions and arbitrary Principles, have for some Years engaged them in forming Designs to undermine and destroy the most happy Establishment, that the Government of this Island was ever founded upon.

The Defence of your Majesty's Person and Government, and the Support of the Protestant Succession, are Things fb sacred to us, and your People, that, as a Demonstration of our unfeigned Zeal to aftift and support your Majesty to the utmost of our Power, we do, in the Name of the Commons of Great , give this Assurance, that whatsoever Charge you shall be at in augmenting your Troops at home, and replacing those, you have recalled from abroad, or for such other Services, as your Majesty shall judge necessary upon this extraordinary Occasion, shall be effectually made good j and, as we humbly recommend it to your Majesty, that the severest Punishments may be inflicted upon such, as shall assist in so unnatural a Design, as that of betraying your Majesty, and their Country so we do not doubt, but you will give suitable Encouragement to all those, who shall shew their Fidelity, in opposing the Invader, and his Accomplices, in Scotlan, or wherever the De-feent shall be.

Your Majesty wants no Incitement to a steady Prosecution of the War, in which you are engaged for the common Cause; yet permit us to take this Opportunity to intreat your Majesty, that this Enterprize may no ways divert your constant Vigour; that all the World may fee, that both your Majesty, and your People, are determined to support your Allies in all Parts, whatever Attempts are made at home.

May it please your Majesty:

There can be nothing so dangerous or fatal to the Safety of your royal Person, and the Security of the present happy Establishment, as those Persons, who endeavour to create Divisions and Animositics among your faithful Subjects, or by any artful Methods lessen the justElteem your Majesty has for those, who have eminently, and in so distinguishing a Manner, commanded your Armies, and managed your Treasure, to the Honour and Glory of your Majesty abroad, and the intire Satisfaction of your People at home. We therefore humbly beg Leave to beseech your Majesty to difeoun-tenance all such Persons, and Designs, in the most remarkable Manner.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when fee will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Method of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, returning upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Scotc",>e*,*' Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning, Sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great , and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a East India Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for assuring Company, to the English Company, trading to the on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Brewer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morow Morning.

Colonel Stanhope (according to Order) presented to Scotland — the House, a Bill for the Encouragement of such of her Encourage- Majesty's Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called £uent o11 Scotland, who shall foew their ;Zeal to her Majesty's y Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which were due to the Superiors so forfeiting; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to PaterfonY whom the Resolution, relating to William Claims.

Esquire, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 13® die Martii;

Anno 7* Anna Regina, 1707.

PvtAVERS.

MR. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom stopford's the Bill to enable James Stop/ord, Esquire, to Estate. fell certain Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ferae to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; andj that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his '

24 Place,

Army

Arrears

Leiccfttr Work house.

Manner of,

drawing

W'aggons on Highways.

Army

Arrears.

Relief of Capt, Roch.

7 Ann. rj* Marti6oy

Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for Bating the Accounts of the three French Regiments, was committed; that they had nude some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the erecting a Workhouse in the Borough of Leicester, and for setting the Poor on work there, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon ‘Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That all Owners of Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages, may draw with as many Horses or Beasts up Hills, as the Justices of Peace of such Counties shall order.

And the feme was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with ft* Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Green, Executor of the last Wilt and Testament of John Carpenter, alias Zittmerman, Clerk, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Testator served as Chaplain to the two Regiments Brandenburgh and Grobin, in the English Pay,

from December, 1689, to June, 1692, for which there was due to him l-S*4- 13'- 4 d. and ought to have been paid out of the Treasury of England to Mr. Van Der Efch, Paymaster of the Dutch Forces: And praying, the said Mr. Van Der Efch may pay, as well as receive, the Petitioner's just Demands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War.

A Bill for the Relief of Captain James Roch was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Captain Roch was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maiieaux's, for naturalizing Peter Des Maizeaux Francis Heilman, &c. Nat. John Rifieau, Peter Bouvot, and others, was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that her Queen ap- Majesty having (pursuant to their Order) been waited be

upon, to know, when flic would please to be attended by 1 e this House; her Majesty had appointed this Afternoon, at Two a Clock, at her Palace of St. s.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Scotland — a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encourage-Encouragement of such of her Majesty's Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall shew y* their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which were due to the Superiors so forfeiting.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Stanhope reported from the Committee, that they had gone though the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lenthall'a veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and Estate. capital Messuage of Great Hafeley, with the Appurtenances, and divers Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Hafeley, and Latchford, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An KiUingworth'n Act for the Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John Kil- ' Ettate. lingworth, Esquire, deceased, on which Hood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of his Wife, and Daughters; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, church intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and statutes. Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, Debenture# appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what, made out to Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Col. Rice, Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Commons of tnrftee* Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in therewith of Irish the fifth of February, be taken into Consideration upon *orfelture* this Day Seven-night.

7 P Resolved,

6io 13° — 15 1707.

duties on Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- for the Benefit of his Wife, and Daughters, Was read the

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole First time.

House, to consider of the Memorials, and Reports, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands

Linen and that of Germany, and the high Duties on Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Security American Thread and Tapes. and Encouragement of the American Trade, be read the Trade.

Third time Tomorrow Morning.

African Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn* Trade. }ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

York Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Register. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the publick registering ofall Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Relief of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Col. Savery. Lieutenant Colonel John be read the Third time

upon Monday Morning next.

Method of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at returning Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Scotch Peers. ^e whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

East India Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Company, whole House, to whom the Bill for assuring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

raterson's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Claims. whom the Resolution, relating to William Paterson, Esquire, was re-committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned' till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunay 150 Martii;

Anno 7® Ann® Regin®, 1707.

Prayers.

LentkaH's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. f\ for veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Great with the Appur-

tenances, and divers Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Hafeley, and Latchford, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stopford's An ingrossed Bill to enable James Stopford, Esquire, Estate. to fen certain Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act to enable James Stopford, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for his younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Kiuingworth't An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for jjg Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John -worth, Esquire, deceased, on which stood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the Purchase-money

Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers and 0®cer* cod. Soldiers, that served in the Defence of Londonderry, be taken into Consideration uponSaturday Morning next. Londoa-

derry.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of this King- Raising the dom for the Year 1708, alt ho* the Month's Pay, Wllnuu formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. L.* To leave out " it be found by her Majesty

L. To leave out " Lieutenants L. To insert " Pay."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1708, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir Henry "DuttonColt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for stating the Accounts of the three Army

French Regiments, was read the Third time. Arre*r

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill i viz.

Pr. # L. To leave out " long;"

L. # To leave out " only."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) reported from the gast India Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Company, assuring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House j and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read thoughout, and then a Second time, as far as Clause C, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause C, was twice read, and amended j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the.

House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For the Directors of the East India Company, and the Bank, not to be the fame.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the YeasjJ*- Bf‘f; } S3-

Tellers for the Noes }‘J7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to added to the Bill,

For feme of the Money to be repaid, and Interest.

And the same was once read.

And

7 Ann. 150 — 160 Martii. 11

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It paired in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Mr. Powell.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the separate Traders.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative*

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For the common Seal to be taken for the Customs.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, that the House did upon Address. Saturday last present their Address to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased thereupon to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had di redted him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Church intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Statutes. Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, be read the Third time Col. Saveiy. upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Method of

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the cetu,rDi!pS whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, co c eeis‘ intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, Sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Ease of the Elections for Feeeholders of the County of Suffer, attending the Elec- Sussex.

tion of Knights of the Shire for that County, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Gentlemen,

I give you my hearty thanks for this your repeated Assurance, and certain Proof, of your Zeal for me, and for the Protestant Succession.

I am glad, your Thoughts of the War abroad so per-fedtly agree with my firm Resolution upon that Subject.

You may depend, that no Apprehensions (farther than are reasonable) shall have any Influence on my Measures, while the Cause of Religion and Liberty, with the good Affedtions of my People, are on my Side.

I think all, who endeavour to make Divisions among my faithful Subjects, must be mine and the Kingdom's , Enemies; and I shall never countenance any Persons,

who would go about to lessen the just Esteem, which I have for those, who have done, and continue to do, pie the most eminent Services.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself halfSubfidie*. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by the Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the secret and clandestine Importation of wrought Silks.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Scotland — Mr. Stanhope (according to Order) reported from Encourage- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Lo'dt* for the Encouragement of such of her Majesty's Sub-y y' jetts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or-Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which were dye to the Superiors so forfeiting, was committed, the Vo*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 16° dieMartii;

Anno 7* Annas Regina:, 1707.

Prayers.

A BILL for vesting in Trustees some Copyhold Mathew'* Estate of Nathaniel Mathew, deceased, in the County Estate>

of Surrey, to be sold, to discharge Debts and Legacies

charged thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Masham, Mr. Freeman, Sir Robert EdonMr. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fle-

ming, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Heysham, Mr. , Mr. Papillon, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. England, Sir John Guise, Mr. Borlace, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Brewer, Sir Hen.

D. Colt, Mr. Langhame, Sir William Ellis, Mr. pon, Mr. Aiflabie, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Harvey Ellis, Mr. Gale, Sir Wm.Hujller, Mr.

Mr. Ashby; and all for the Counties of and Southampton: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bulteel (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House, a Bill for laying a further Duty on Woollen and Duty on Worsted Yarn, imported into this Kingdom; and the y^ed same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John EElon, a (worn Officer belonging Ecclesiastical to the Revenue of First fruits, in behalf of himself. Livings and other Officers of the said Revenue, receiving no Salaries from the said Revenue, was presented to the F House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners finding by the Votes of this House, that there is a Power given to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payment of First fruits, is committed, to receive a Clause for lessening the Fees of Bonds to be given for First fruits; which, if pall, will utterly disable them from executing their Employments, having no other Subsistence, but what arises from their ancient accustomed Fees: And praying, a Clause may be received for their Relief, or that they may be heard by their CounfeL

Ordered\

6i % i 6*Martti. 1707.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

Bromley's The Lord William reported from the Com-

Estate. mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Provision, intended by William , late of Holt Castle, in

the County of Worcester, Esquire, for Dorothy his youngest Daughter, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Purchase of A Bill for the Relief of John Lord Archbishop of Irishforfeited 5#am, Sir John King, and others, against the Forfeiture, Eftau. vetted in the Crown by the Non-payment of the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pound by the Times appointed by an Act* made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of and Lord,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Conningfby, Mr. Vernon, the Lord Wm. Mr.

Medlycot, Mr. England, Sir John Aubry, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Sir Wm.

St. £hiintin, Mr. AnncjleyMr. Freeman, Mr. Proby, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Ward, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir T/io. Cook Windford, Mr. Ellis, Sir Hen. Dutt. Celt, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Soutkvjell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chambers, Mr. worth, Mr. Manley, Mr. Ashby, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shacker lMr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Coke j and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do take care, not to confirm any Mortgages, or Sales, made collusively, and contrary to the former Acts, to Papists.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do receive into this Bill the proper Savings, contained in the former Acts, relating to the Lord Bophin' % Estate.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that this Bill do not extend to any Impropriations.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make more effectual the Provision, that hath been made for the Protestant Children of the Lord Bophin, and for the Education of the said Children in the Protestant Religion.

African A Petition of the Merchants, and Planters, separate Trade. Traders in Africa, and interested in, and trading to, Barbadoes, and the other I Hands, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have very much increased the Trade to Africa, since it was laid open, altho' they have paid the great Duty of Ten per Cent, to the Royal African Company, for maintaining their Forts and Castles; yet, instead of having any Benefit thereby, for the most part the contrary hath happened; and unkind Treatment, which the Petitioners Commanders of Ships, and Fadors, have received from the Governors of the said Forts, did oblige them to feck out, and trade to, other Places on the African Coast: And praying, they may be relieved from the heavy Duty of Ten per Cent, and be permitted to trade freely to the said Coast, under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rates of for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Ma- [America5 jesty's Plantations in America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Leicester into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Workhouse. whom the Bill for erecting a. Work house in the Borough of Leicester, and for letting the Poor on Work there,

was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Commissioners, for the managing Stamp her Majesty's Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and D'Uie*-Paper, do lay before this House, An Estimate of the Loss, that those Duties have suffered in any four succeeding Terms, by the Neglects and Omissions of Attorneys in not filing or entering of Plaints, Bails, Appearances, Rules, Orders, and other Matters, for which a Stamp Duty is required.

A Petition of Abraham Roth, of Ullard, in the County Forfeited of Kilkenny, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was EllaU* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that having purchased the Town and Lands of Ullard and Ballyfhaneboy, in the said County of Kilkenny, from the late Trustees for Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and elapsed the Time of his last Payment, applied himself to John Afgytl, Esquire, (who was then passing an Act in his own favour) to be included in his said Act; but Mr. Afgyll neglected the doing thereof; and the Petitioner hath paid all his Purchase-money, to £> 163. 6 s. 9 d.which is the third and last Payment: And praying, the Receiver General in Ireland may be enabled to receive the same, with Interest, at £. 8 per Cent, since it ought to have been paid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of John Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, and others, against the Forfeiture, vested in the Crown by the Non-payment of the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pound by the Times appointed by an Act, made in the full Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriceard, and Lord Bophin, is committed; and that they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for redrafting and Erau<k i* preventingfeveral Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and U *S Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and So-' licitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert ^eiy En* Stewart, and William Fordon, Merchants, on behalf of coura6ement themselves, and other North Britains, concerned in the Fishing Trade, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lifter's

Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Messuages, Estate*

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifer, Esquire,

and

.CerfnVLofr hj Piracy.

7 Ann.

}6" Mwtii.

*r * »*,.

and after of Thomas Lifter Esquire (both dyeeased) for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Chrifiophtr Lifter, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lifter; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Trevamon (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Car Jo,

a Genoese Merchant, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and it as followeth:

That it appeared to the said Committee, that the Petitioner, Mr. John Curjo, had been a trading Merchant for several Years, and had always a good Reputation, as by the Certificates, annex'd to the Petition; which the Committee examined, and are as follows; viz.

A Certificate of several Merchants of the City of

London, dated the 43d of 1702: Another

from the Envoy of Portugal, dated the 10th of

her, 1705: Another From the Governor of the Bank of England, dated the 10th of , 170^: Another

from several Merchants, and Captains of Ships, dated 8th March, 1705: Besides three several Certificates from the Envoy of Genuoa and Tuscany.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, by the Report of Doctor Bramfion, annex'd to the said Petition, that Simon del Rosario, Merchant, was a Passenger in the George Brigantine, Captain Corfo, Commander, at Carracas, in India, bound for Port Velo, and had on board several Sorts of Merchandizes, viz. Sugars, Mullins, Callicoes, Wine, Brandy, Cocua, Wool, Thread, and Bales of all Sorts of Indian Goods; and that about One hundred Leagues off the Coast of racas, Captain Kidd, the Pirate, came on board of them in an amicable Manner; and understanding, the Brigantine was richly laden, he seized, and carried her away, putting the said Corfo, and his Ship's Company, into a Boat, with some Privisions; but, hefore he turned them out, the said Simon del Rosario saw Kidd open an Iron Chest, and counted 13 Bags of Gold, in Bars, and, in Gold Dull, Eleven or Twelve; and that, whilst he was on board, Corfo lliewed him Diamonds, and other precious Stones; and that the said Corfo was Owner of the said Ship, and all the Goods and Effects, as aforesaid.

That it further appeared by the said Dr. s

Report, that Domingo Serafi Petro Montallo, and Ephraim Naffscta, Mariners, were on board the said

Brigantine; who all laid to the same Effect, as Del Rosario, and swore it before the Court of Admiralty; which Affidavits, signed by Richard , Esquire,

Register, made it more fully appear.

Dr. Bramfion attended, and said, that he had compared the Marks, produced by Corfo, as in the Margent of his Report, and found the same exactly to agree.

And the Statute of Edward 3d read, which lays, '* That if any Merchant, Privy or Stranger, be robbed * of his Goods upon the Sea, and the Goods, so " robbed, come into any Parts within our Realm, and " be will sue for to recover the said Goods, he shall be received to prove the Goods to be his own, by his

Marks, or by Chart, or Coquet, or by good and Jaw-

ful Merchants, Privy or Strangers; and by such Proof the same shall be delivered to the Merchant, without

making other Suit at the common Law." And it Was urged, that the like Proof was fuffreient at common Law, as to Wrecks.

Abraham de Almeda, Merchant, laid, that he knew Mr. Corfo at Cadiz in 1684, and a considerable Merchant, trading in all forts of Merchandizes; afterwards had further Correspondence with him in the Spanish West Indies, at which time he had a very good Ship of his Own, and a Man of Credit and Reputation: And that About six Years ago, or thereabouts* the said coming

Vol. fa.

tq England, came to him, and fold him, that be had been rohhed by Kidd, the pirate; and desired him to assisi him.

;n what be could, that he might get fqme Recompence for what he had iofi, which was to the Value of £. 26,000, which Mr. Almeda did to the qlmost of his Power.

Mr. Isaac Dias, and Mr. Abraham Nunes said, that they knew Mr. Corfo about 14 or 15 Years ago in the West Indies, and at that Time commanded a Brigantine of his own; and ways always look'd upon to be a very honest Man, and of Substance, before he was robbed, and lofi what he had, by Kidd, as they have been credibly informed.

Mr. Broderick, Merchant, said, he had a Letter in April, 1701, from a Correspondent of his in;

the Purport of which was, that Mr. John Corfo having been robbed by Kidd, the Pirate, to the Value of£.26,000, and desired him to assisi him here in England, he being a very honest Man, and a considerable Trader, 'before those Misfortunes befel him.

Mr. Peter Fancia, and Mr. Richard Burk, Merchants, said, they had Letters in 1701 from Merchant? in Bar-, bqdots, desiring them to assisi Mr. Corfo here in England, he having been robbed by Kidd.

Mr. Ploughmam, Merchant, said, he had a Letter in

1701 from one Mr. Anthill, a Merchant in New , desiring him to assisi Mr. Corfo in what lay in his Power, being a very honest fair dealing Man before robbed by Mr. Kidd.

Sir Charles Hobby said, that he knew Mr. Corfo at New Fork, and Jamaica, and traded with him for Provisions, which he brought from Penfelvania, and always look'd upon him to be a very honest Man; and, since his Arrival in England, has been informed by credible Persons, that he had been robbed by Kidd.

Mr. Viceti, Agent of Genuoa, said, that he knew Mr.

Corfo, about six Years; and had been credibly informed by Merchants in London, and by Letters from Merchants abroad, that he had been robbed by; and knew him to be a very honest Man.

Mr. Geo. Maycock said, that at the Time of Mr.

Corfoe's first coming to England, he lay lick a considerable Time, which was the Occasion of his not prosecuting this Affair sooner.

It appeared further to the Committee, by a Testimo* nial, signed by William Markham, Governor of Penfelvania, that the said Corfo was in the ninth Year of the Reign of King William made free of that Province, and Counties atinext, for his Industry and Sobriety, and for the better securing his Estate to him, and his Heirs, he having taken the Oaths, appointed by Act of Parliament.

Mr. Crawley, Register of tire Court of Admiralty, produced several Papers, relating to the Proceedings against Kidd; whereby no Account appears, where Kidd was, or what Depredations he committed, in the latter End of the Year 1698, or in the Year 1699, nor until he was brought Prisoner for England, in the Year 1700; whereas by all the Affidavits beforementioned, which were made and taken in the Year 1704, it appears, that Corfo was robbed by Kidd about five Years and an half before the making of the said Affidavits, which, by Computation, makes it appear, that the said Corfo was robbed in the Year 1699.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Scotland — into Consideration the Report from the Committee of ^f* the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encourage- Loyalty, ment of such of her Majesty's Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who dull shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms Against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which were due to the Superiors so forfeiting, was committed.

7 Q And

6 >4

i6° — 17" Martii.

A,

1707.

And some of the Amendments, made by the Coth-mittee to the Bill, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 17* die Martii;

r

Anno 7* Anns Regina?, 1707.

Prayers.

Lifter's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Litate. , x\. for Sale of the Manor of , and several

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County , of York, late Part of the Estate of Lifter,

Esquire, and after of Thomas , Esquire (both deceased) for Payment of the Legacies and debts of the said Christopher Lifter, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lifter, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

East India ' An ingrossed Bill for alluring to the Com-

Conapanyt pany, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of ' One million Two hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was read the Third time.

' An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 18. L. after " bondable" to insert " or for which " Bonds have been usually given."

' ' And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at ' the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for alluring to the English Company, trad-‘ ing to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a ' longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of One million Two ' hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and ' other her Majesty's Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Rates of Ordered, That the Report from the Lords Commis-foreign Coins sioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the State w merica. an(j Trade of the Plantations, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America, is committed.

Relief of Col. The Lord tVUliam Powlet reported from the Com-Sutton, &c. . mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Richard , and other Aids de Camp, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had dicefted him to report to the House; which he read in in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were . :once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

*- ingrossed.

pup* on Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Linon. ing neXff resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Memorials, and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen and that of Germany, and the high Duties on Thread and Tapes.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Regers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths, with some Amendments; to which-their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making two large Flyboats, one

called the Thomas and Hewy, the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships, to trade with , with one Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concur-e nee of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Quftion being put. That the ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, be now read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth;

rp , r ., v CThe Lord IVm. Powlet 7 ,

Tellers for the Yeas,'Mr

Discovering Death of Persons pretended to be alive.

Thomas and Henry, 6tc. Ship*.

59-

Tellers for the Noes, J

fMr. Onslow:

rp I, c v CMr. Compton, Tellers for the Yeas,>Mf

Tellers for the Noes,^r‘ ^ltl'

to5.

American

Trade.

Tellers for the Noesl

(Mr. Fox: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That such Adventurers, as shall fit out Privateers, shall, over and above the usual Security given, make good all Damages, that shall be unjustly occ.afioned to any of her Majesty's Subje-fts.

And the same was twice read with a Blank; a<nd the Blank filled up.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller for ,b. Yeas,} to.

jtll.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That all her Majesty's Subjects might trade into any Part of America, as before this Act, and not otherwise.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Several Words of the Bill being miswritten, the feme were proposed to be amended, and agreed so to be by' the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Bill;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

.Mr. Jeffreys:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And, that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.'

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onjloiv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Worlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath act-eed

to

Church

SUlutes.

Ann.

i8° Martii.

6*5

Ecclesiastical Livings under £'50 per Ann.

Relief of Capt. Roch.

Relief of Col. Savery.

Method of Reluming Scotch Peers.

Scotland — Encouragement of

Loyalty.

Supply Bill Half Subli-dies.

Paterson's

Claims.

to the lame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lord ships Concurrence.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the dear yearly Value of fifty Pounds, as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payments of First fruits, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; And which he read »n his Place, 'and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Rekef of Captain James Roch.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, be read the third Time upon Friday Morning next.

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and summon-ing, Sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of such of her Majesty's Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called,

who shall shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, of Payment of Rents, which were due to the Superiors lo forfeiting, was committed, be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by the Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Resolution, relating to Paterson,

Esquire, was re-committed, be received, when the Bill

Widows of Lieutenant Brown and Lieutenant Ralph Haijlam, on behalf of themselves, and the Officers, and Widows of Officers, that were upon the Half pay, and the Petition of Captain John Fitz Gerald, were re-' ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Reports were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee having examined the Allegations of the Petition of Lieutenant Francis Lewis, and other Officers, that were upon Half-pay, do find, that the Lord Ranelagh has paid all the Moneys, issued to him

for Half-pay; and yet, nevertheless, by reason of there being Provision made by Parliament for Half-pay Officers for no longer than till Christmas,. 1701, and the Halfpay Officers not being employed till March following, it appears to the Committee, that the seventy-five Days, claimed by the Petitioners, remains due to them, according to their respective Certificates.

That the Committee having examined the Allegations of Captain Fitz Gerald, do find, that notwithstanding the Vote of this House, the 20th of 1699, whereby

he was ordered to be added to the Lift of the Officers, who weie then to have Half-pay, he has received no Benefit thereby', having never been since put upon any Establishment.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act' Bromley's for making effectual the Provision, intended by William Estate. Bromley, late of Holt Castle, in the county of ,

Esquire, for Dorothy Bromley, his youngest Daughter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing the Highway from OldStmtford Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to K°acts.

in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, touching Stretford.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 13. Before " Esquires," to insert "

" Shuckburgh, and John Andrews

Pr. 5. L. 11. After "then" to insert " the."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the-Home; and the Bill

for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent amended at the Table accordingly.

Money, shall be read the Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

fovts,

Stephens'

Estate.

A

18" die Martii;

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1707.

Praters.

N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Hulf pay Arrears. 1

for felling the Estate o ( Thomas Stephens, Esquire, in the Counriesof Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, in the County of Glcce/ler, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. beton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the fame, w.thout an, Amendments. Kesolution, which the had directed him to report to

Mr. Thompson reported from the Committee, to whom the House: And which he read in his Place,-and after the Petition of Lieutenant Francis Lavis, Lieutenant wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, where the ferae fVilltam Sander fun, Isabella Brown, and Margaret Haijlam, was read, and is as followeth:

You IS. Refo/ved,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their. Concurrence thereunto,

A Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That - this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stanley (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the'Matter, relating to Nix. William

Equivalent for ScotUn

Paterson'*

Claims.

Countess of

Kilmarnock's

Estate.

Ckeeke't

Effete.

M&izeaux'i, Stc. Nat-

Exeter Writ*'

Supply Bill; Half Subsidies.

616 180 — 190 Martii. A. 1707

Reftlved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner, Mr. William Paterson, ought to be atisfied and paid all the several Sums, owing to him by the Africa* and Indian Company in Scotland, pursuant to the several Agreements, made between him and the said Company, in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, so far as the same shall be proved before the Commissioners, that shall be appointed, for Hating of the publick Debts, and likewise, that such a Recompence be given to him, as may be faitable to his Services, Expences, Losses, and publick Cares.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Petitioner, Mr. William Paterson, ought to be satisfied and paid all the several Sums owing to him by the African and Indian Company in Scotland, pursuant to the several Agreements, made between him and the said Company, in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, so far as the Came shall be proved before the Commissioners, that shall be appointed, for Hating of the publick Debts, and like-wife, that such a Recompence be given to him, as may be suitable to his Services, Expences, Losses, and publick Cares.

Ordered, That it be. referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, is committed, to receive a Clause, to enable the said Commissioners to Hate the Petitioner's Account, according to the said Resolution.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Boyd, Esquire, in a TruHee, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of Let the late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to veil the Estate, late of Edward Esquire,

deceased, in Semerfetshire, remaining unfold at his Death,

in Trailers, to be sold, to satisfy the Demands of the Lady Rnjfell, his Mother, and Effete his Sifter,

and to veil the Remainder of the Moneys, arising by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheeke (an Infant) and his Heiis; to which they deflre the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Des Mohuaux, Francis Heilman, John

Rifleau, Peter Bouvot, and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter, in the room of Sir Edward Seymour, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) reported from the Cammictee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by the Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to Hie Bill and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time* one by one, and, upon the Questten feyeraHy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are ® w* £ to prepare the Bill for preserving the publick Credit,

that they insert a Clause, to explain the Clause in the Ad, of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William (of glorious Memory) which enacted, that, during the Continuance of the Bank of England, no other Corporation, Society, or Constitution, in the Nature of a Bank should be erected, or established, permitted, suffered, countenanced, or allowed by Act of Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,|^; ^Pelham':

Telle* for the Noes,*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

? 6r.

Resolved, That this House-will, Tomorrow Morn- Arrears of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, relating "e°lnu to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, Debenture* appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what,

Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Foui hundred 0 ‘ Kc' Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Africa* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trad*. House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Ease of the Elections Freeholders of the County of Sussex, attending the Elec- ®u0*x* tion of Knights of the Shire for that County, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Duties <* ing next .(the first Business) resolve itself into a Commit- Linen, tee of the whole House, to consider of the Memorials, and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen and that of , and the high s

Duties on Thread and Tapes.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Metho<1 of ing next (the first Business) resolve itself into a Commit- scotchP6«r % tee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Iliil from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for eleding, and summoning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Morlty, Sir Rush. Cullen, Mr. purchase of 7redenham. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clark, be added to Irish forfeit^ the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Lord Estate* Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, Baronet, Henry Sand ford, John Usher, Richard War hurt on, and Anthony Atkinson, Esquires, in behalf of themselves, and several other Protestants of Ireland, that purchased Lands from John Burke, commonly called Lord Bopbin, and his Trustees, upon the Credit and Security of two English Acts of Parliament, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V tneris, 19* die Martii;

Anno 7* Annas Reginae, 1707.

P* AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Cheeke'* Ad to vest the Estate, late of Edward Cheeke,

Elqu'rtj

Ann.

190 Ma

617

Countess of

Kilmarnock's

Estate.

Esquire, deceased, in Somersetshire, remaining unfold iit at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have

his Death, in Trustees, to be sold, to satisfy the De- Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, mands of the Lady Russell, his Mother, and Essex Cheeke,

his Sifter, and to veit the Remainder of the Moneys, Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom arising by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of the Bill for naturalizing John , Esquire, was coin-other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheeke (an Infant) mitted; that they had made several Amendments to the and his Heirs, was read the First time. Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered

in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read . An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, for veiling several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Te- upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto

Afflick's

Nat.

Army

Arrears.

nements, in the County of , in the Kingdom of

Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Esquire, in a Trustee, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Lettice, late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

will be pleased to give Directions Imprest, to state the Account of Morning*

Lentball's

Estate.

her Majesty, that the to the Auditor of the such Officers and Soldiers of the three French Regiments of Foot, as have not, by reason of their Absence, received their Arrears, due on the English Establishment for Ireland, in order to the Payment of such of them, as

shall appear, or the Wives and Children of such, as are dead.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Great Hafeley, with the Appurtenances, and divers Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Hafeley, and Latchford, in the County of , late

the Estate of William Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Vernon, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Bacon, Lord

nhigsby, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Pullney, Mr. Burridge, Mr.

ley, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Booth, Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Dames, Sir Hervey , Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Pedley, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Egerlon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Barker, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Boteler, Mr. England, Mr. Craggs; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Oxford, Berks, Bucks, and Gloucester: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

by the House.

Ordered, That ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill for the removing, and preventing, of Shoals and Sand in the Port and Harbour of Portsmouth, and the fpcedier and better ballasting her Majesty's Men of War, and other Ships and Vesself, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, be read a Second time Tomorrow

Portsmouth ltai boui.

A Bill for the Importation of Cochineal in neutral, or Spanish Ships, from Cadiz, S, Port St. Mary, St. Lu-car, and Gibraltar, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing

Cochineal.

I.fare of Absence.

Killingworth'*

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John Killing-worth, Esquire, deceased, on which Hood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of his Wife, and Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Masham, Sir 11. D. Colt, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Rufhout Cullen, Mr. Withers, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dolben, Sir Wm. AJburJl, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bilson, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Awbry, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Hadon, Mr. Sir Wm.

Hufller, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Anne fey, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr . Diston, Mr Sir Tho. Burnett, Mr. Molesworth, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Cal thorp.

Sir Wm. Rich, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Gate, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Poultney; and all for she Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, < Vot. 15.

A Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, that Huying and Part of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament felling Caul*, (concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smith-feild) and for giving Leave to bring up Calves dead to London, as formerly, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Masham, Mr. Hampden, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Lozvndes,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr. Dolben,

Sir Edmund Denton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Manwaring, Mr.

Difon, Mr. Topham, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. HufllSir Robert Eden,

Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Poultney, Sir Nich. Morrice, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Tho. Burnett, Mr.

Withers, Mr. Yates, Mr. Nickolfon, Sir Gilbert -cott, and all, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Bucks, Bedford, and Suffolk, and City of And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Ecclesiastical the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to Livings enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all ec- under £.50 clefiastical Livings, not exceeding the clear yearly Va- per nnum' lue of fifty Pounds, as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payment of First fruits, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, as far as Clause B, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, That no more Fees Hull henceforth be received, in compounding, for the Payment of First fruits, for the taking of one Bond only, than the fourth Part of what was formerly paid for the taking of four Bonds;

And the Petition of John Eflon, a sworn Officer belonging to the Revenue of First fruits, in behalf of himself, and other Officers of the said Revenue, receiving no Salaries from the said Revenue, was again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the ingrafted Bill American for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, to the Trad*. Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

7R An

618 190 — 20° M, A. x 707,

Belief of An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Colonel Richard Col. Sutton, Sutton, and other Aids de Camp, was read the Third &c> time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Half Subtidics Halt Subfi- therein mentioned, which several Impositions, and other ie* Duties, to raise Money by the Way of Loan, for the

Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and Important Occasions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by the Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Bate* of Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, foreign Coins resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon America. jjie ingross"eci Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America.

Fishery En- Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

eouragement. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of 'Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Stewart, and William Fordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other North Britains, concerned in the Fishing Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Relief of Capt. ltuch.

Relief of Col. Savery.

Scotland-

Encourage ment of Loyalty.

A frears of

Dutch

Regiments*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Captain James Roch.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, was (according to Order) read the Third ci me.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. #L. after " Parliament" to insert " assembled, " and by the Authority of the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Tifble accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of such of her Majesty's Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called who shall shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which weie due to the Superiors so forfeiting, was-committed, be further adjourned'till Tuesday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord William Rowlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Rowlett reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Disciplininj Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Nary, the better Discipline of her Majesty's Navy royal, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 20° die;

Anno 7* Annse Regina:, 1707.

Pkatirs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lifted for Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Mef- fcOate. fuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christo Esquire,

and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire, (both deceased) for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said pher Lifter, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel By* erley, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Forfter, Sir Geo. Beaumont,

Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Shacker* ley. Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Archer, Sir H.

Gough, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Packington, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir John Aubery, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Win*

Hanley, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Manley, Mr. Windsor, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Pitjtild, Mr. Rowney, Sir Barth.

Gracedieu, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr.

throp, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Mountgomery,

Mr. HutchhJon, Mr. Barker, Mr. Gale, Mr. Bruce, Sir Edward Norreys, Sir Wm. Drakej and all for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Lancaster: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber { and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Puniffiinf for continuing the Act, made in the third and fourth Mutiny and Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Desertwn> punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, church made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Statute the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Commissionert gt_mp for the Stamp Duties attended, they were called in, and, ' Duties oa at the Bar, prefenced to the House, An Estimate of Law Pro-what Loss the Stamp Duties have suffered by Omissions ce«d‘, V. to file and enter common Bails, Appearances* Rules,

Orders, and other Matters, for which a Duty is required.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth;

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled:

WE, the Commissioners for managing her Majesty^l Duties on stamp Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in obedience to the Order of this honourable House, dated the Sixteenth of this instant March, requiring us to lav before this honourable House, ao Estimate of the 16 Lri

7 Ann.

20° Martiu

6t9

Loss the Stamp Duties have fuflfered in any four succeeding Terms, by the Neglects and Omissions of Attorneys, in not filing or entering Plaints, Bails, Appearances,. Rules, Orders, or other Matters, for which a Duty is required, having considered the several Measures, whereby to make such Estimate, beg Leave humbly to represent to this honourable House,

ift. That we can make no perfect Account of such Omissions, unless we could have from every Attorney an Account of what Plaints, Bails, Appearances, tsfr. he (as Attorney for his Clients, or as a Clerk or Officer of a Corporation, or inferior Court) has been employed to enter, or file, with the Fees and Stamp Duties whereof he has charged the Suitors, and Persons concerned, and which he has not entered, or filed:

2. That with great Difficulty some Account might be taken of subseejuent Proceedings, and from thence it might in some Measure be seen, what Plaints, Bails, Appearances, ds 'c.precedent and relating to, such Proceedings,-are wanting; but a Search for this Purpose would be a Work, of Expence, and Time, and would, after all, be very imperfect: For, as to the Courts at IV? fhninsler, no Discoveries of this Kind can be made,

but from the Rolls of those Courts, or the Docquets of those Causes, that are entered upon such Rolls, which probably may not be above one Cause in Twenty; for none are entered on the Rolls, but such, as proceed so far, as to Judgment, to a Trial (or very near it) or to an Argument of a Demurrer; and many Rolls are not brought in; and, in this Cafe, Copies mud be taken of all the Bails, Appearances, fcfr. filed and entered, of the Terms, wherein such Causes are entered, and for five or six Terms before, and all of them searched over as to every particular Cause, found entered on the Rolls, to fee, what Bails, Appearances, &>V. are wanting.

We could therefore find no other Method to take, to give Obedience to the Order of this honourable House, in reference to the Courts at , fb effectual, as

to send to the several Officers concerned, for the Numbers of W rits issued out, and of the Bails, and Appearances, filed and entered in those Courts within the Compass cf four succeeding Terms; and by the Accounts we have received from such of those Officers, as would fend us the Accounts of such Numbers (which all of them, except two, have done) we find, and compute, That within the Compass of the Terms of Easter, Trinity, Mitliaelmas, and Hillary, in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, and the intervening Vacations, there issued out of her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench 14,411 Latitats, and 5,381 Bills of besides

Attachments of Privilege, whereof we could get no Account; and that within the said Year no more than 2,143 common Bails were filed in that Court.

That within that Year there issued out of her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas about 45,876 Writs of Capias', and that within the same Year no more than about 4,265 common Appearances were entered, and only about 899 special Bails were filed in that Court.

And, by the Practice of both the said Courts, a Plaintiff is allowed to put four Defendants in a Writ, tho' for several distinct Debts, Demands, or Causes of Action; and we are informed, that the Attorneys frequently get many more Defendants inserted into one Writ, as iometimes Ten, Twelve, or more, as Occasion requires; by which Practice, altho' the Attorneys, and Officers, receive the Fees for several Writs, yet her Majesty has but one double Six-peny Stamp Duty, v From all which we compute, that there are at lead two Defendants sued in the said Courts, in distinct Actions, for one Writ issued, taking all the said Writs one with another:

And, consequently, we do com-' pute, that within the Time before-mentioned, Suits were commenced in the said two Courts against

Vol. 15.

4.377 *7 —

320 8 —

4,057 9 —

131,36 Defendants, for distinct I s. d.

Debts, Demands, and Causes of 6,566 t6 —

Action; and, if common Bails and Appearances had been filed and entered for all the said Defendants, the Duties thereof would hare amounted to -

We believe, but very few Defendants are sued, but what do employ Attorneys, and do either give Bail, or pay the Appearance Fees, and the Stamp Duties thereof; and the common Bails are the Appearances in the Court of Queen's Bench -However, if one Third of the said Sum be deducted for the Cayfes, wherein special Bails are given (which, as appears by the Accounts from the"

Common Pleas Officers, bear but the Proportion of about one in five to the common Appearances in that Court) and for the Causes, wherein the Defendants do not pay the Fees and Duties of the Appearances, there will remain the Sum of

And the Duties of the common V Bails, and Appearances, actually l filed and entered within the Time,) aforesaid, amount but to £.320. 8r. J Whereby it appears, the Stamp Revenue loft in the four succeeding 'I Terms aforesaid, by the omitting to \ file and enter common Bails and Appearances in only two Courts, the Sum of - -

Besides, there are many Causes, wherein no Writs are issued, and wherein common Bails and Appearances ought to be filed and entered; viz. Causes, wherein Defendants appear voluntarily, and in Actions of Ejectment, of which (tho* they must be numerous) we can make no Computation.

And upon lately comparing the >

Causes entered on the Rolls of the said two Courts, for only three Terms in one of the said Courts, and two Terms in the other, with the common Bails and Appearances, filed and entered, of those Terms, and for five or six Terms before, there appeared so many common Bails and Appearances wanting, that the Duties thereof amounted to above - -

And if but one Cause in Twenty' happens to be entered on the Rolls, as we have before shewn, then it may be computed, that within that Year the Stamp Duties loft, by omitting to file and enter common Bails and Appearances in those two Courts ODly, and in that Year, being the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign -_

We have sent to" the proper Officer, who keeps the Rolls of the Attorneys of the Court of Common Pleas; who informs us, that there are about 3,000, that practise as Attorneys and Clerks, in that Court, and are noc duly sworn, and admitted, the Duties of whose'Admissions would amount to about £.12,000 and that not above Six in a Term (taking one Term with another) have been sworn and admitted Attorneys of that Court, since the Imposition of the Stamp Duties; and he computes the Loss of the Revenue in the Court of Common Pleas, by permitting Persons, not duly sworn,

and

150 r —

3,000 -

StampDutie* on Law Proceedings,

6 20

20° Martii.

A.

1707.

Stamp Duties and admitted, to practise in that Court in the Name of «Mdmgs.Pr°' others, at £.600 per Annum.

We can make no Estimate of the Loss of this Revenue for want of entering Orders in Chancery, the Officers concerned being out of Town; and the Officers, concerned in entering Rules, who are in Town, do own no Loss by the Attorneys omitting to enter Rules to plead, reply, tec. in Causes, wherein they charge their Clients with the Fees and Stamp Duties thereof.

We have been informed of considerable Losses to this Revenue, by the Attorneys Practice of joining several Purchases between several Parties in one Fine; but most of the Officers concerned being out of Town, we have not been able to present any Estimate of that Loss to this honourable House.

What we have before mentioned respects only two of her Majesty's Courts at

As to Plaints, Bails, and Appearances, in inferior Courts, the omitting to enter them, and other Matters, on the requisite Stamps, has been much practised by the Officers and Clerks of those Courts.

If a Man came to enter a Plaint, or Action, they took the Fee of such Entry, and the Stamp Duty, and a Minute of the Action; but many of them seldom or never entered it on stamp Paper or Parchment (having it in their Power to do it, when they found it requisite) unless a Certiorari, Writ of Error, or the like (which happens not in one Cause in 50) made it necessary to enter or record it.

And the like has been practised as to Bails 5 a Minute only, and the Two Shillings Duty, and the Fee thereof, taken, and the Bail not entered on Stamps, unless the Cause proceeded so far, as to have a Jcire facias against the Bail, or forne other suchlike Occasion, as before mentioned (which happens not in one Cause in 50) obliged the Clerk to enter or file the Bail; and so the Clerk, for one Duty answered to the Crown, might get at least 50 to himself.

Upon the Inspections we have caused to be made of the inferior Courts, &c. in several Parts of England, by only two Officers appointed for that Purpose, we have found not entered on the requisite Stamps, or on any Stamps at all.

Of Plaints, or Actions, 100,639/ requiring double 6 d.Stamps; the . Duties whereof amount to -

Of special Bails, requiring double"

Shillings Stamps, 30,979; the Du- . ties whereof amount to Of common Bails and Appearances

29,523, requiring double 6 Stamps; . the Duties whereof amount to

Of Writs and Mandates requiring *. double Six-peny Stamps, written I without Stamps, 8,407; the Duties r whereof amount to - - - J

Of Plaints, Bails, Appearances,*^ and other things, written on old I Stamps, cut off from old Writings, I and other Stamps, used before, )

8,930; the Duties whereof amount- I ed to about - - - -J

Of Admissions of Attorneys and a Officers, requiring double Forty- f shilling Stamps, 135; the Duties r whereof amount to - -j

Of Inventories exhibited into ec- T clefiastical Courts, requiring double I Six-peny Stamps, but written with- > out any Stamps, 16,594; the Du-1 ties whereof amount to - - J

Of Admissions into Corporations,) written without Stamps, and requir- I ing each a Two-shilling Stamp,

24,946; the Duties whereof amount I

to - - - -J

5>°3*

d. 19 —

3,097 18 —

M76 3 —

420 7 —

500 — —

540 ——

829 14 —

2,494 12 —

Total - - - - 14,390 >3 —

Besides great Numbers of Declarations, Pleas, Replications, &c. written without Stamps, which ought to have been written on double Peny Stamps; and Citations, and many other Proceedings in ecclesiastical Courts, many of which ought to have been written on double Six-peny and higher Stamps; but, in regard some are doubtful, or disputable, we do not insert the Amount thereof here.

And this Inspection has yet been made only in some Parts of England; and we humbly conceive, that what particular Frauds have been discovered, must bear but a small Proportion to what areundifeovered, the Discoveries of all requiring more Officers to be employed, than this Revenue can well bear.

And we beg Leave to observe, that great Part of the Moneys before mentioned have been paid by several Persons concerned in the inferior Courts,'and Corporations, to intitle themselves to the two several Indemnities, granted in the two last Sessions of Parliament; but how much has been so paid, we cannot set forth, in regard many of the Persons concerned did not pay the same into the Receipt, but have made good the Duties, by taking damp'd Paper, and Parchment, and writing their Omissions thereon: The Truth thereof we cannot discover, until further Inspections can be made.

From the Discovery, already made, we must believe the Practice of defrauding the Stamp Revenue to have been very general all over England.

We therefore thought it our Duty to take such Measures, as we judged necessary, to put a flop to this growing Practice; and believe, if Care had not been taken, this Revenue would have funk to a very great Degree.

We could not bring any Persons to Punishment for such Omjffions, as aforesaid, nor for making one Stamp serve several Times (which, we are satisfied, has been much practised) for want of a Law, until the Ad was made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, for Prevention of Frauds in this Revenue; nor for some time after that Act passed, for want of particular Dise coveries, and sufficient Evidence; and after such Dif-coveries were made, Prosecutions for the Offences discovered were suspended by the two Indemnities, granted in two successive Sessions of Parliament.

All which (together with the Difficulties we have to deal, on behalf of this Revenue, in the Niceties of Law Proceedings) we humbly submit to the Consideration and great Wisdom, of this honourable House.

Edward Lloyd, Henry Cornish,

March 20th, 1707. Robert Pot'ey, Richard Dyot,

John Molefivo

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Tunirtiing Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows:

Pr. 4. L. 41. To leave out from " cashiered " to the End of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Thomas and Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, &c*

An Act for making two large Fly-boats, Ru£ia-bvi\\t, ° P one called the Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships, to trade with Russia.

And

Discovering Death of Persons pretended to be alive.

7 Ann. 20'Marti*. 1

And the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

Pr. 1. L. 1. Leave out from " whereas" to " two," in the 25 th Line.

Ordered, That Mr. Galt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths.

And the Amendments were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Skin, 3 L. After " Estates" add " or Interests."

6 L. After " Estates" add " or Interests."

8 L. After " Estates" add " or Interests."

18 L. Leave out the Word " such."

20 L. Leave out " claiming Estate for Life."

34 L. After " personal" add " or other

" due."

a Sk. 29 L. After " if" add " it shall appear to H the said Court, by Affidavit, that."

30 L. Instead of " having any Estate for " Life," insert " for such Life such Estate is holden and after " is" add " or lately was at forae certain " Place i" and after " Seas" add " in the said Affidavit .* to be mentioned."

35 and 36 L. Instead of " having any Estate for " Life," insert " for whose Life any such Estate is " holden."

41 L. and ill L. of 3d Sk. Instead of " having any Estate for Life," insert " for whose " Life any such Estate is holden."

3 Sk. 6 L. Instead of " having any Estate for " Life," insert " for whose Life any such Estate is " holden."

10 L. Instead of " having any Estate for Life," insert " for whole Life any such Estate is " holden."

13 L. Instead of " having any Estate for " Life," insert " for whose Life any such Estate is " holden."

17. L. Instead of " having any such Estate " for Life," insert " for whose Life any such Estate is " holden."

19 L. After u Woman" insert " Guardian, " or Trustee."

20 L. Instead of for" insert ‘, or Interest " determinable upon such."

3 a L. Leave out from " Hereditaments" to the End of the Bill, and add Clauses A, and B.

Clause A. " Provided always, that if any such " Guardian, Trustee, Husband, or other Person or " Persons, holding or having any^Estate or Interest, " determinable upon the Life or Lives of any other " Person or Persons, shall, by Affidavit, or otherwise, " to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, " make appear, that he, she, or they, have used his, " her, or their, utmost Endeavours to procure such Infont, married Woman, or other Person or Persons, " on whose Life or Lives such Estate or Interest doth " depend, to appear in the said Court of Chancery, or " elsewhere, according to the Order of the said Court in " that behalf made, and that he, she, or they, cannot procure or compel such Infant, married Woman, or other " Person or Persons, so to appear, and that such Infont, " married Woman, or other Person or Persons, on *' whose Life or Lives such Estate or Interest doth depend, is, are, or were, living at the Time of such " Return, made, and filed, as aforesaid; then it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to continue in the Possession of such Estate, and receive the Rents and Profits thereof, for and during the Infancy of such In-Vo t. 15.

" font, and the Life or Lives of such married Woman,

" or other Person or Persons, on whose Life or Lives " such Estate or Interest doth or shall depend, as fully,

" as he, she, or they, might have done, if this Act had not been made."

Clause B. " And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that every Person, who, as Guardian or " Trustee for any Infant, and every Husband, seised in the Right of his Wife only, and every other Person,

" having any Estate, determinable upon any Life or " Lives, who, after the Determination of such particular " Estates or Interests, without the express Consent of " him, her, or them, who are, or shall be next and immediately intitled, upon and after the Determination of such particular Estates or Interests, shall hold over " and continue in Possession of, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be, and are hereby, adjudged to be Trespasser; and " that every Person and Persons, his, her, and their, Executors and Administrators, who are or shall be entitled to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon and after the " Determination of such particular Estates or Interests,

" shall and may recover in Damages against every such " Person or Persons, so holding over, as aforesaid, and " against his, her, or their, Executors or Administrators, the full Value of the Profits received during such " wrongful Possession, as aforesaid."

Ordered, That Mr. Nevill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill for the removing, and pre- Portsmouth venting, of Shoals and Sand in the Port and Harbour Harbour.-of Portsmouth, and the speedier and better ballasting her Majesty's Men of War, and other Ships and Vessels, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House, a Bill for continuing several Duties, therein continuing mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, uUes' c' and Muslins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes,

China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Graziers, Farmers, and others, re- Buying and siding in the County of Surrey, was presented to the fellingCattle. House, and read j setting forth, that the Butchers, who buy fat Cattle, to kill, and vend the same to other Butchers, pay ready Money for their Goods, and buy great Quantities, so that the Grazier is soon at Liberty to go home; whereas, if such Butchers are restrained, the Grazier must wait, and fell his Goods in small Parcels, and trust much among the poorer Sort of Butchers, or otherwise be obliged to fell to Graziers about London and Westminster, for low Prices: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said_ Bill is committed; and that the Committee have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Petition: And all, that serve for the Counties of Surry and Suffix, are to be added to the Committee.

Rtfohed, Nemine contradictnte. That whoever de- Resolution signedly endeavours to destroy, or lessen, the publick resp«cting Credit, especially at a Time, when the Kingdom is Public threatened with an Invasion, is guilty of a high Crime Cr*dlt-and Misdemeanor, and is an Enemy to her Majesty, and the Kingdom.

7 S A Message

Dubordeiu's &c» Nat.

Earl of

13in<ion's

Estate.

East India Company.

Supply Bill; Half Subsidies*

East Tarbett Harbour.

Tuckfield's

Estate.

Old Stratford Roads.

Royal Aflfent to Bills.

622 20° Martii. A. 1707.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubordeiu, and others; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable the Countess of together with the Right honourable Henry Earl of Bindon, her now Husband, to make Leases of the Manor and Town of Carlowe, in the County of Catherlagh, and

S>ueeris County in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for the evidencing of the Settlements, made by late Earl

of Thomond; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for afiuring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein*mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pound, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the half Subsidy therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions j and for charging of Prize Goods, and Seizures; and for taking off the Drawbacks of foreign Cordage; and to obviate the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks; without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Harbour or Key at Tar belt, in

the Shire of Argyle, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, several Lands, purchased for him by Sir Davye, Bar.

deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords Have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to D, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the'House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following:

An Act for assuring to the English Company, trading to the East Indies on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions:

An Act for continuing the half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions, and other Duties, to raise Money by Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; and for charging of Prize Goods, and Seizures; and for taking off the Drawbacks of foreign Cordage; and to obviate the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks:

An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of divers Cathedral and Collegiate Churches:

An Act for the better Amendment of that Way which leads from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for erecting a Harbour or Key at East -bett, in the Shire of Argyle:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters:

An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those, who claim Estates after their Deaths:

An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for making effectual the Provision, intended by William Bromley, late of Holt Castle, in the County of Worcester, Esquire, for Dorothy Bromley, his youngest Daughter:

An Act for felling the Estate of Thomas Stephens,

Esquire, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate, of as great or greater Value, in the County of Gloucester, to the same Uses:

An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Bar. in Ireland.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Des Maizeaux, Francis Heilman, John Rifteau, Peter Bouvet, and others:

An Act for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, several Lands, purchased for him by Sir William Davye, Bar. deceased:

An Act for making two large Fly-boats, one called the Thomas and Henry, and the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships, t <3trade to Russia.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself Duties o» into a Committee of th*e whole House, to consider of Linen, the Memorials, and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen and that of,

and the high Duties on Thread and Tapes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Poultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Poultney reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour past Two a Clock, resolve itself again into the said Committee.

The House being informed, that some Differences ThelWe had happened, and some Words passed between the Lord interpose u Dtwne and Mr. Monckton (Members of this House) and Fevent» that they were gone from the House; Wuarre

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go, and summon the Lord Downe and Mr.

Monckton to attend in their Places immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And they being come into the House; they were acquainted with what the House had been informed of; and that the House expected, they should engage their Honours, not to prosecute the Matter any further.

Whereupon they severally stood up in their Places, and submitted to the Pleasure of the House.

Then the House resolved itself again into a Committee Duties on of the whole House, to consider further of the Memo- Lintn. rials, and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen, and that of Germany, and the high Duties on Thread and Tapes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Poultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Poultney reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

7 -Ann.

30° — 2 2° Martii.

621

Tru flees of Irish Forfeitures.

York

Jtegifter.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Rates of Foreign Coins in America*

Disciplining the Navy.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Commons of Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in therewith the fifth of February, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County of the Town of upon Hull, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for redressing and preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys, and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of be read

the Third time upon this Day Seven-night.

Corfo's Lof* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to by Piracy. wj10m the Petition of John Corfo, a Merchant,

was referred, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America.

Ordered, That the Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Officers con- Ordered, That the Papers, relating to the Officers and fenceofLon- Soldiers, that served in the Defence of London-dory, be donderry. taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunee> 22° die Martii;

Anno 7° Anna; Reginas, 1707.

Praters.

THE Lord Downereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture of Leeds, in the County of York, and other Petitions, complaining of the Exportation of Wool, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, by the Examination of several Witnesses, That great Quantities of Wool have been by clandestine Methods frequently transported into foreign Parts, to the great Discouragement and Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable the Countess of Bindon, together with the Right honourable Henry Earl of Bindon, her now Husband, to make Leases of the Manor and Town of Carlowe, in the Coun y of Catherlagh, and Queen's County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for the evidencing of the Settlements, made by Henry, late Earl of Thomond, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cheeks

Estate.

to vest the Estate late of Edward Esquire, de-

ceased, in Somersetshire, remaing unsold at his Death,

in Trustees, to be sold, to satisfy the Demands of the Lady Russell, his Mother, and Eff Cheek, his Sifter, and to vest the remainder of the Moneys, arising by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheek (an Infant) and his Heirs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William St. Quint in, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

Mr. Chace, Mr. Palmes, Sir William Ellis, Mr. don, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr.

Yates, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Chambers, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Masters, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bacon, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. King, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Liddall,

the Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Mayne, Sir ‘Turner,

Sir Walter Tounge, Sir John Erfkht, Mr. Heysham, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Proby, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Mason,

Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Gale, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Onslow, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Mr. Aylmer,

Sir Rufhout Cullen; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Essex, Lincoln, York, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Windham, Baronet, was Wiadhain's presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Estate. greatest Part of his Estate is veiled in Trustees, during his Minority, during which Time there may be Occasion of making a Settlement, upon his Marriage: And praying, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling him, and his Trustees, to make a Settlement, upon such Marriage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr*

Peyton and Mr. Pigot do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

ing

time.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Act for ascertain- Ty 5 the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, was read the Third j"

thes of emp and Flax.

Exjxtfting

Earl of

Bindonfa

EftaU.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Countess of for veiling several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Te- ]^®mock's nements, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Boyd, Esquire, in a Trustee, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of Lettice, late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess, was read a Second time.

Resolved,- That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Masham, Mr. Diston, Lord William Mr. Hampden,

Sir Hen. Dut. Colt, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Peyton, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Fox, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Chace, Mr. Haddon, Mr. Seton, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Grahme, Sir Wm. Pole, Lord Fit zbar ding, Mr. Guy-bons, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Baynton, Sir Wm. Hufller, Mr.

Naylor, Mr. Coatesworth, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Ire-ton, Colonel Lee, and all, that serve lor North Britain:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put L<?rd9 Put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the bet- ^Mischid* ter preventing Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire. by Fire.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the said Message.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Bill for the Importation of Cochineal in neutral V or. 15. or

624 ii° Mar til. A. 1707.

Importing or Spanish Ships, from Cddiot, St. St.

Cochineal. Lucar, and Gibraltar, was read a Second tirfie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Hampden Lord Powlet, Mr. Ne-

vill, Sir H.D. Colt, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fok,

Mr. Montgomery, Mr. W, Mr. Mr. Churchill, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Rowny, Mr. Chace, Sir Win. Ellis, Mr.

Haddon, Mr. Seton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Graham, Sir Wm. Pole, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Baynion. Sir Wm. Huftler, Sir Gilbert Mr. Hey-

sham, Mr. Gwyn, J>ir Jo. Cope, Mr. , Mr. Pro-

by3 Mr. Lownds, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fielding, Sir Robert Daversj and all the Merchants of the House; and all, that serve for the Sea and Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five d Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ecclesiastical An ingrossed ^ill to enlarge the Time for returning Living*under Certificates of all ecclesiastical Livings, not ertceed-£.50 p. ann. ing cjear yearly Value of Fifty Pound, as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payments of First fruits, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. L. before " whereas" to insert " And."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, an Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of Fifty Pound, as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payment of First fruits, and for allowing Time to Archbishops, Bishops, and Other Dignitaries, for Payment of their First fruits.

Ordered, That Mr. holben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Army, See. A Petition of the Proprietors of the Army and Trans-Debentures. port Debentures, was presented to the House, and read;

letting forth, that having already set forth the Hardthips they lie under, by not having Provision made for the said Debentures, pursuant to the Act i® Anna Regina, have been relieved in some Measure by this honourable House, in granting them a Year and Quarter's Interest, due at Christmas, 1706: And praying, that such Provision may be made for the said Debentures, which are unsatisfied, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply Bill; A Petition of the Governor and Company for making continuing hollow Sword-blades in England, was presented to the Duties, &c. jJoufe, and read } setting forth, that in a Bill now depending before this honourable House, for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties, called the Two-thirds Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, {here is a Clause, which, if pass, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners Rights: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiceocks and Mr. Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

St. Paul'* The Lords have agteed to the Bill, infitiiled, An Act Cathedral. por rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the' finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, with an

Amendment j to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to -Method of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Le.tu,r,1h"if the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to to e 1 lUV make further Provision for electing, and summoning.

Sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they be impowered to receive a Clause, to tender the Oath of Abjuration to all Electors of Members to Parliament in England, and to such Persons, as shall chuse Commissioners to elect Burgesses for any Place in Scotland.

Then the House tefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Wm.Pozvlet took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Powlet reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for continuing several Duties, therein men- Supply Bill* tioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and c<mishuing Muslins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Dutles>&c* Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration. of the Petition of the Governors and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, if they think fit, upon the said Petition; and that Counsel also be then heard for the Bill.

Mr. Poultney (according to Order) reported from the Duiie*on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Linm. to consider of the Memorials, and Reports, concerning the Inequality of Duties between Hollands Linen and that of Germany, and the high Duties on Thread and Tapes, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth:

That the said Committee, having considered of the Matters to them referred, came to the Resolution following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That out of the Two-third Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for which a Bill is now depending, there be an Exemption of all European Linens, Thread, and Tape.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " European,"and inferring " Holland, FLmish,

" and German," instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That out of the Two-third Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for which a Bill is now depending, there be an Exemption of all land, Flemish, and German Linens, Thread, and Tape.

Ordered,

7 Ann. 22° — 23* Martii. 625

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

continuing of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing Duue*, «c. feveraj Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the p-.blick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, is committed, that they receive a Clause, for exempting out of the said Bill the Two-third Subsidies on all Fltmish, and German, Linens, Thread, and Tape, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Supply Bill; A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Duty on That the Bill for laying a further Duty on woollen and

Yilnfed worded Yarn imported into this Kingdom, be now read

arn' a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for . } 44.

Tellers for nreNoe,^- } 8r.

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Moming.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee continuing of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing Dutie«, &c* several Duties, therein mentioned, upon CofTee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Cods, exported for foreign Parts, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing the Consumption of European Tobacco on board the royal Navy, and to encourage the Consumption of American Tobacco, manufactured in this Kingdom, which hath paid the Duties.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Parts, London, be taken into Confederation upon Thursday Morning next.

Equivalent The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a for Scotland. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Peyton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Debenture* Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, made out to appointed to examine how, and to whom, and for what, Col. Rice. Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Thurs day next, at Twelve a Clock.

Relief of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into

Cept. Rocb. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Captain James Rock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amend-Vo l. 15.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Ease of the Freeholders of the County of Sussex, attending the Election of Knights of the Shire for that County, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next, the first Business.

Ordered, That Mr. MonSon, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Cvrfon, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Si. Mr. Hampden, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Sanderson, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Mountagu, Sir Ja. Long, Mr.

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Swinden, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifter, Esquire, and after of Thomas Lyster, Esquire (both deceased) for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Christopher Lyster, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lyster, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

MartiS) 2 30 die;

Anno 7* Anns Reginas, 1707.

Prayers.

A PETIT I ON of divers Ship-wrights, Rope-makers, Sail-makers, and other Artificers, and Trades-men, dealing in naval Manufactures, in and about London, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and readj setting forth, that far greater Numbers of Ships have been built, repaired, and fitted out, for Africa, on Account of several Traders thither, since the Act, of the 9th and 10th of K. for laying open that Trade, than were ever employed by the African Company; and that the Petitioners have (with many other'Artificers) received great Benefit thereby: And praying, the said Trade may continue free and open, under such Regulations, as to this honourable House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchant-adventurers within the City of Sriftol, trading to Africa, the West Indies, and all other her Majesty's Plantations in , was pre-

fen ted to the House, and read, setting forth, that they are apprehensive, the Royal African Company are endeavouring to engross that Trade to themselves; which, if obtained, will be very prejudicial to Trade in general, and especially to the Petitioners, they having divers Ships employed thereinj And praying, that, in case an Alteration shall be made of the said Trade to Africa, they may not be excluded therefrom, but have free Liberty to trade thereto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Exeter, and of the Merchants, Weavers, Fullers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactories, within the said City, and County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the Act of King William, for opening the Trade to Guinea, much more of our Woollen Manufactories have been vended, and poor Families employed, than ever were in the Time of the African Company's having the foie Trade: And praying, the said

7 T Trade

Elections for Sussex.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Lifter's

Estate*

African

Trade.

Ditto.

Ditt*

6$6 33° Marti. . 11767.

Trade naj continue free aadopNi'fco allfeer Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That - the Confide cation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, wfop are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Attack's An ingrcffed Bill for naturalizing John Esquire,

N»t. <was read the Third time.

Rcfdlmed, That the Bill -do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the naturalizing John , Esquire, and

Mary Dutry.

Ordered \That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Duty on Ordered', That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for refined Salt the better securing the Duties on white Salt, refined or made from Rock Salt; and that Mr. Mr.

Winington, and Air. Lowdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Army A Petition of Michael Henry , and John

Arrears. Henry Skeidman, on behalf of themselves, and many others. Executors and Administrators of the Commit-jGon and Non-Commission Officers, and private Men, late belonging to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments on the singlish -Establrlhcnent in the late War, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are considerable Sums due to them, for Subsistence, and Cloath-ing, during their Service in the said Regiments: That most of them, and their Families, are settled in Great Britain; and, unless some Clause be inserted in the Bill, to restrain the carrying the Money out of this Kingdom, they shall be left remediless: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, relating to the Arrears of Play to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War, was referred.

Disciplining A Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their the Navy, late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Relief of Mr. Hampden (according to Order) reported from the

Cspt. Roch Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Captain James Reck, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fc-severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, \fe ingrafted.

Method of The Lord William Powlet (according to Order) re-

returniag ported from the Committee of the whole House, to

ScotchPsers. wj, oin the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Reers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments they bad made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow:

In the Title, after " " add " and for the

" further regulating of Voters in Electiousof Members,

" to serve in Parliament."

And at the End >of the Bill add Clause A.

.. Clause A. " And) be further enacted By -the Authority aforesaid, that no Person, who shall 'refute -to

take the Oath latft herein before recited, or, being -a ." Quaker, shall refuse to declare the Effect thereof upon " his solemn -Affirmation (which Oath, or Declaration,

" the Sheriff Pcefideot of the Meeting, or chief " Officer, taking che Poll at any Election of Members,

" to serve in the House of Commons for any Place "in Great Britain, or Commissioners, -for chusing " Burgesses for any Place in Scotland, at the Requoft of " any Candidate, or other Person, present at fetch " Election, are hereby impowered and required to " administer) shall be capable of giving any Vote for the Election of any such Member, to serve in the,

" House of Commons for any Place in Great Britain,

" or Commissioner, to ebufe a Burgess for any Place in " Scotland."

The House (according to Order) resolved itself.into Rates of a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed foreign Coins Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the ascertain- ln menca* ing the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Poultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Poultney reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for laying a further Duty on woollen and Supply Bill; worsted Yarn, imported into this Kingdom, was (according to Order) read a Second time. yam.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, vPiftures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, is committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for Ihe Yc,{ , 144-

Teller for the Noe.,^ — - } 7,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-wDifciplining

Ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tk« N«vy. House, upon the Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent Injuries being done to her Majesty's Subjects, concerned in the Newfoundland Fishery, by the Commanders of the Port, and Commanders of Men of War. by undue and illegal Exactions upon them, and other irregular Practices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Encouragement of such Seamen, as shall be wounded,

or

Method of returning Scotch Peers.

Scotland — Encourage* ment of Loyalty.

Fiftipry

Encourage-

ment.

Officers concerned in defence of Londonderry.

Ann. Maftii. 0^7

dr flifabtfed, add thfe ‘Vfod'oWs and schffdfcn'tf such, as shall be fcfflfed, in ‘a'rty Merchant Ships, by kdthrtting the ta into Gfeehvbtch Hcrfprtal.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ah A(51 to make further Provision Tor elsecting, hhd fumtaOrifng, fifteen Peers df Scotland, 16 fit in the House of Feet's in the Parliament df Qredt Britain, and for trying Peefc for Offences committed in be

read thfe Third firafe Td-mdrroW Moming.

©rjfetvrf, That the adjourned Consideration of the Report frota the Commi'ftefe '6f tile whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of fetch of her Majesty's Silbjeifts ift that Part of Britain called Scotland, who shall shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which were due to the Superiors so forfeiting, was committed, be furthet adjourned 'till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this Hdufe will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Stewart, and William Fordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other North Britons, concerned in the Fishing Trade.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Papers, relating to the Officers and Soldiers, that fenred in the Defence of Londonderry.

And the feme werfe read, and are as follow:

1. By the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Luna, zt* die OBobris, t 707.

Mr. Cono/ly reported from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the Petition of Captain Richard Newjtiad', and William Hammil, Gentleman, in

behalf of, and as Agents and Trustees to and for, the several Colonels, and other commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of the Re-

giments; that they had Come to a Resolution in the Matter to them referred: Which he read ih his Place, and after delivered in at the Table; where the feme was again read, and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allegations in the Petition are true:

To which Resolution, the Question being put, the House did agree.

Ordered, That fudi Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do attend his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant with the said Petition, and Resolution, and lay the feme before his Excellency.

Ex*,r per Tho. Tilfon, Cler. Pari. Dom. Com.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

The humble Petition of Captain and Wm. Hammil> Gentleman, in behalf of, and as Agents, and Trustees to and for, the several Colonels, and other commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of thfe Irtish Regiments:

THAT your Petitioners, upon the late happy Resolution, assembled, and took up Arms in the Defence of their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, and kept together in a Body until the Month of 16891; about which Time your Petitioners wefe by General Kirke, pursuant to his late Majesty's Orders, formed into Regiments, one Regiment of Horse, two Regiments of Dragoons, and three Regiments of Foot, and bad Commissions the said them accordingly, which bore Date the 20th of delivered Month of July; from which Time the said

Vol. 15.

Regiments irfere tiri&CT the life Comtaand of the rest of the Army.

That In thfe Year 1702 the Accounts of these Regr-taents being fitted, and certified, by the Commissioners of Accounts in Rutland, they had Pay allowed them only from the first of January,. 1689, tho' they had actually served by Commission from the said 20th df July precedent, and had within that Time done great and remarkable Services; particulary on the 30th of July, 1689, they fought and routed, the I*ifh Army, commanded by General Clancarty, at New-town-butler; which Defeat, among other Advantages to the Publick, was thfe happy Cause of theiT railing the Siege of Londonderry the very next Day: The.feid Regiments afterwards lay encamped at Dundalke, from the toth Day of September to the 20th Day of November, 1689, under the Command of Duke Scomberg where they endured much Hard ship by Sickness and otherwise.

That the many Services of your Petitioners, as well before the Time they were formed into Regiments, as well as from the Time they had Commissions, are (o well known, and so fresh in the Memory of several Members of this honourable House, your Petitioners do not think it rfecessary to infill; on them.

That the said Regiments, thro* their great Zeal to the Publick, by their early taking up Arms, having brought down a great Part of the Irish Army into their Country, occasioned their Houses to be burnt, their Goods destroyed, and their Lands to be laid wufte; and the Officers contracted such Debts for Arms, Shoes, and other Necessaries, for their Men, that they ltill labour under the fame.

That his late Majesty King William (of glorious Memory) in or before December, 1689, having sent over Cloaths for the said Regiments, even for every Officer, the said Cloaths, as well as the Provisions delivered them it Dundalke, werfe brought within their Accounts for their Pay, commencing the first D;'y of January, 1689.

That the late King William &nd Queen Mary having been pleased; by their Declaration, of the 22d of February, 1688, among other Things; to declare; that all the Lands and Estates of all such, as should persist in their Rebellion, should be distributed and disposed of to those, that should be aiding and assisting in reducing the said Kingdom to its due Obedience;

The laid Regiments therefore did always hope, tho' their Accounts were dated and certified, and Pay only allowed them from the first of January, 1689, that they would not be only satisfied from the Day they acted by Commission, but that they would be satisfied for their Services, from the Time they first appeared in Arms, to the Day they had Commissions.

May it please your Honours, for as much as a Vote passed the last Sessions of the present Parliament of England, that no Application should be admitted into the House for any former Services, during that Sessions, except such, as should be recommended from the Crown; and for as much as it is humbly hoped, the satisfying and paying of the said Regiments their Pay from the said 20th of July, 1689, to the first of January, 1689, may consist with the Honour and Interest of the Crown, and the Credit and Justice of the Nations;

Your Petitidners therefore most humbly pray your Honours, in tender Consideration of the Premises, to lay the deplorable same of the said Officers and Soldiers before his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of this Kingdom, earnestly desiring his Excellency to report and recommend the same to her Majesty's royal Care and Companion, that thereby the Account of their Pay for their Services to the first of January, 1689, may be stated, and certified, by the proper Officers, and such Relief given to your Petitioners, as her Majesty shall think fit.

And your Petitioners, as in Duty bound, will ever pray, (dc.

Exr per Tho. Tilfon, Richard Newjlead,

Cler. Park Dom. Com. Will. Hammil.

Oficm concerned in defence of Londonderry-

628 230 martii. . 1707.

II. Mortis,7* Die OSobris, 1707.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moil honourable Privy Council, do attend his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, with the Address in favour of Captain Robert Baird, and Will. Hamil, Gentleman, in behalf of, and as Agents and Trustees to and for, as well the several Colonels, and other Field Officers, as the commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of eight Regiments of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, one Independent Company, a Company of Gunners, and one Company of Pioneers, that served

their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary in the memorable Defence of her Majesty's City of Londonderry, during the -Siege thereof, and present the same to his Excellency, as the Address of this House.

Ex' per ? ‘ho. TilfonCler. Pari. Dom. Com.

III. To his Excellency, Thomas Earl of Lord

Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland:

The humble Address of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

May it please your Excellency:

WE, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assemblfd, having received a Petition from Captain Robert Baird, and William Hammil, Gentleman, in behalf, and as Agents and Trustees to and for, as well the Colonels, and other Field Officers, as the commissioned and non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of eight Regiments of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, one Independent Company, a Company of Gunners, and a Company of Pioneers, who served their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of ever blessed Memory) in the memorable Defence of her Majesty's City of Londonderry, during the Siege thereof setting forth their early and signal Services, and Sufferings, on the late happy Resolution:

That his late Majesty was graciously pleased to account the same of great Consequence to these Nations in general; and that no greater Opportunity could have fallen into the Hands of any Subjects of obliging their Prince, to his great Satisfaction; alluring them, that he would recompence their Services and Sufferings so, as none of them should ever have Cause to repent thereof:

That the honourable the Commons of England voted the said Service to have greatly conduced to the Safety of the three Kingdoms, and addressed his Majesty for a Compensation to the said Garison, and some special Mark of his royal Favour, as a lading Monument of their Services to Posterity: To which his Majesty was pleased to return for Answer, that he would take Care of the said Garison, according to the Desire of the House; and, in pursuance of such his royal Promise, issued several Orders, which hitherto have proved ineffectual to the Petitioners:

That, upon Application made to the honourable the House of Commons of England, a Committee was appointed, to examine the Allegations of the Petition; which said Committee (upon due Proof made of the several Matters therein contained) came to several Resolutions in favour of the Petitioners:

That by reason of some Doubts arising upon the Construction of the Act, forftating and settling the Accounts of the Army, the Commissioners, by the said A ft appointed, did not think fit to state the Petitioners Accounts, as in other Cafes j by means whereof the Petitioners could not be entitled to Debentures, as other the Officers and Soldiers of the Army were:

And praying, that we would lay their Services and Sufferings before your Excellency, with our humble Application, that the same may be transmitted to her Majesty, in order to the Petitioners Relief.

The Services and Sufferings of that Garison are too well known, to be enumerated: Words cannot add to what his late most gracious Majesty has been pleased to say on the Subject, a just Sense whereof the . honourable the House of Commons of England have thought fit to ej^ref*.

Their Accounts have been stated by Charles Fox, Esquire, Paymaster of the Army, pursuant to an Order for chat End, and have likewise been allowed by a Committee of the honourable House of Commons of England

Wherefore with full Assurance we approach your Excellency in behalf of the Petitioners, whose Cafe, by Length of time, and Expence of Solicitation, is become very deplorable, and many of them, and their Families, are in a starving Condition; be-feeching, that your Excellency will please, after the most effectual Manner, to lay the same at her Majesty's royal Feet, to the End her Majesty may, in such Method, as (he shall think fit, recommend the same to her Parliament of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w<ll, upon Mondry Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

And the Amendments were read, and are as follow, viz.

At the Eud of the Title add after the Nine-andtwentieth Day of September, One thousand Seven " hundred and Eight."

At the End of the Bill add Clause A.

Clause A. " And whereas an Act of Parliament, made in the second Year of her present Majesty's " Reign (intituled, An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that shall be " made of any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the " County of York, after the Nine-and-twentieth Day " of September, 1704) and also one other Act, made

" in the 5th Year of her present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, " within the West Riding, in the Register Office there, " lately provided, and for making the said Register more effectual) were of very good Design, but have " been found by Experience to be defective in several " Particulars, for which apt Remedy is provided by " the Method of this Act in and for the said East " Riding of the County of York, and the Town and " County- of the Town of Kingston upon Hull} be it '* therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, " from and after the 29th Day of September, 1708, all " and every the Provisions, Clauses, Articles, Matters, " and Things, in this present Act contained, concerning " the said East Riding, and the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and not provided " for, or contained, in the said recited Acts, or either " of them, shall extend unto, and aifeft, all Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate, lying, and being, within the said West Riding, " as effectually, as if the feme, and every of them, " were respectively inserted and contained in the said " recited Acts; and that, from and after the said 29th " Day of Sept. 1708, all and every Person and Persons, in the Execution of the said recited Acts respectively, within the West Riding, (hall-conform " unto, and duly observe, the Alterations, additional " Provisions, Orders, Rules, and Directions, of this present Act, as to the Honours, Manors, Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and " being, within the said West Riding, and every Matter " and Thing relating the reunto, in like Manner, as is u by this Act required and enjoined to be done within

of the

York

Regiften

7 Ann.

23° — 14° Martii. 29

the said East Riding, as to the Honors, Manors, " Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, " and being, within the said Eift Riding, and Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or any " Matter or Thing relating the reunto; any thing in the " laid recited Acts, or either of them, to die contrary " thereof contained in any ways notwithstanding."

The first Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration thereof be postponed.

The second Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was p;opoled to be made therein, viz. L. 27. after " Riding" to insert " the Mortgage " or Purchase whereof shall exceed the Sum of Fifty " Pounds."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Clause, (o amended;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdl» fa

Tellers for the Noev| . ] 5°-

So it was resolved in die Affirmative.

Then the Consideration of the fit It Amendment being

resumed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, after the Word " Eight," " and for the rendering the Registerin the West Riding more complete."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with' the Lords in the said Amendments, so amended.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to t e said Amendments, with forne Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

importing Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Cochine??. to whom the Bill for the Importation of Cochineal in neutral, or Sparish, Ships, from Cadiz, Sevil, Port St. Mary 1 St. Lucar, and Gibraltar, is committed, that they do make Provision, that Cochineal may be imported from any Port in Spain.

Equivalent Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom* feraScotlaud. ing neXft the first Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurih 24* Martii;

Anno 7* Ann* Regina, 1707.

Praters.

Wentworth's A PETITION of Sir John Wentworth, of North Eftste- J\. Emffall, in the County of York, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Indenture quinquepartite, dated 15* Febt. 1692, the Petitioner made a Settlement of his Estate, pursuant to an Act 40 &50 Willielmt et Maria (he being then under

Age) to the Uses therein mentioned, upon his Marriage with Mary his Wife, since deceased: And praying. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend a Proviso in the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Aiflaby, the Lord William Pottdet, and Mr. Peyton, do prepare, and biing in, the Bill.,

Vol. 15.

Mr. Shackerley (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for better securing the Duty on white Salt, refined or made from Rock-salt; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Captain James Roth, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. L. to leave out " said."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the BilUamended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made therein-, L. to insert " Pounds."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafi; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Captain James Roch.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Importation of Cochineal in neutral, or Spanish, Ships, from Cadiz, Sevil, Port, St. Mary, St. Lucar, and Gibraltar, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to Eaflland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Linen imported from Poland and PruJia,a.K the Produce of Woollen and other English Manufactures, the Exportation whereof is much discouraged, by reason of the high Duties on the said Linen: And praying, they may be eased, by having the same Relief, as those from Holland, Flanders, and Germany.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several- Duties therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muflirrs, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the* Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preferring the pub-^lick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, is com ini'red.

A Petition of the Muscovia Company was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill now depending, to exempt all Holland, and German, Linens, from paying the Two-third Subsid ies; and the Petitioners do import great Quantities of Linen from Muscovia, in return of the Woollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, that Linen from Mofcovia may be likewise exempted from the said Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir William Courtney hive Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Pultuey (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House-, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intUafed, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendment, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Cicrk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows:

2U Pr.

Duty on refined Salt,

Relief of Capt. Roch,

Importing

Cochineal*

Duties on Linen.

Ditto.

Leave of Absence*

Races of foreign Coins in America.

630 34° Mar 1707.

Pr. 3. L. 28. After " notwithstanding" insert "and Money on their Bills, or Notes, payable at Demand^ or " shall like wife forfeit the Sum of £.io for every such at any lesser Term, than from the borrowing

"Offence; the same to be recovered by Action of Debt, thereof; . will, they apprehend, be prejudicial to " Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's them: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the "Courts of Justice within any of the said Plantations, laid Clause.

" or in any of the Courts of Justice of the Charter or , That the Consideration of the said Petition

" Proprietary Governments." be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

The said Amendment being read a Second time; whom the Bill is committed.

The Amendments following were severally proposed Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-to be made thereto; viz. mittee of the whole House, that they have Power to re-

After " Offence" to insert "one Moiety thereof to ceivea Clause, that the Moneys, advanced by the Bank,

" her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the other for circulating Exchequer Bills, may be taken as capital " Moiety to such Person or Persons, as shall sue Stock, to qualify the Members to be chosen Directors,

After1 "recovered" to insert "with full Costs of or to vote in General Courts.

" Suit

And after " Governments" to add " where such " Offence shall be committed."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed untq by the House.

Dubordieu's, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act See. Nat. for naturalizing Peter Dubordieu, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duties on A Petition of several Thread Makers in and about the

Threads. City of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, as

Throwfters, Dyers, and Whitfters, and other Artificers, depending on the said Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, that an Instruction is given.to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties therein mentioned, is committed, that they receive a Clause, for the exempting out of the said Bill the Two-third Subsidies on all Holland, Flemish, and German, Linens, Thread, and Tape: That the making of black, and brown, whited-brown, and bleached. Threads, is become a very great Manufacture, and employs several Hundreds of Families; which, if the Duty thereon should be lessened, it will be to the utter Loss of the said Manufacture: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the said Clause pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muslins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Medlycott:

Mt. Speaker, -

American The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trade. for the Encouragement of the Trade to , with

some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Borrowing A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Money on Mine-adventurers of England, was presented to the Bill*. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are

informed, there is a Clause in a Bill now before this honourable House, for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, for excluding all Corporations, except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from borrowing any Sum of

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Slips with her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions Admiral to the proper Officers, that an Account may be laijj before this House, of the Number of Ships, which went in the Expedition with Sir George Bing, and when the same were cleaned.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Peyton (according to Order) presented to the Windlnm'* House, a Bill to enable Sir William Windham, of - tiiau. chard Windham, in the County of Somerset, Baronet, to make a Marriage Settlement, notwithstanding his Infancy; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Court of Managers of the united American Trade of the English Company, trading to the E<ifi 1 radt> Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in a Bill, lately passed this honourable House, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Trade to America, there being several Clauses, which might enable several Corporations, and Persons, to be authorized by virtue thereof, ..... within the Limits, granted by Act of Parliament to the Petitioners, and for which they several Years since paid Two millions of Money, and by a late Act are to pay Twelve hundred thousand Pounds more; of which said Clauses they were notap-prized, till the said Bill passed this honourable House:

That having applied to the Lords, they have made an Amendment to the said Bill, whereby the Petitioners Right to the said Trade is saved; but, by another Amendment, they are obliged to grant Licences to all Persons, who shall desire the fame, to trade within their Limits: And praying to be heard by their Counsel upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments, and be relieved.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Amendments shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Managers of the united Trade of the English Company, trading to the East , be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this House, upon their Petition, upon Friday Morning next, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Method of to make further Provision for electing, and summoning, gemming sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in cote eers the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Sotland, was (according to Order)1 read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That Officers in the Navy should not be concerned in Elections.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being-put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table i

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers

7 Ann. 24° — 25'

Tellers for tie Yeasjj^; . } 5«-

Tellers for the Noes^j^'. ], lo.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Clause was brought up, and twice read, and amended; and read the Third time, and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, [a]

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments} to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Arrears of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Dutch ltegi- the whole House, to whom the Cafe, Report, Petition, men ' and Reply, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in the late War, were referred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Supply Bill; The Orders of the Day being read, for the House to Duties*11^ re 've itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ' ' the Bill for continuing several Duties, therein mention-

ed, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for limiting a Time for. Persons to make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for. those Estates.

And then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker pleft the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that their Addrefc. Address had been presented to her Majesty, for appointing the Auditors of the impreft to Rate the Accounts of the Officers and Soldiers of the three French Regiments; and that her Majesty was pleased to answer, That the would give Directions accordingly.

Irish Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Forfeitures, limiting a Time to Persons to come in, and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates; and that Mr. the Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Do/ben, and Mr. Coatefwo do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Bank of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for England, regulating the Qualifications of the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and that Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Gilbert , Sir William

Afburst, and^Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring, in, the Bill.

[«] It appears by the Clerk's Minute Book, that, upon the third Reading of this Bill, the Clause, which had been added thereto by the Committee, and agreed to by the House, was amended; but.no Clause was added upon the third Reading, at is by Mistake here said, the Question for bringing Up the Clause, theo offeredf having passed in the Negative,

Yot. 1$.

Martii. 631

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Supply BilH Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the l^uly °" whole House, upon the Bill for laying a further Duty y"r^e on woollen and worsted Yarn, imported into this Kingdom; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis> 2 50 die Martii;

Anno 7® Anns Reginte, 1708.

Prayers.

A/T R* Hamden reported from the Committee, to whom Cheeke'# -lVJL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

Act to vest the Estate, late of Edward Esquire,

deceased, in Somersetshire, remaining unfold at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold, to satisfy the Demands of the Lady Ruffed, his Mother, and Essex Cheeke, his Sifter, and to vest the Remainder of the Moneys, arising.by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheek (an Infant) and his Heirs, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Gonfents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. ‘

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Earl of Bin-Act to enable the Right honourable the Countess of don'# Estate. Bindon, together with the Right honourable Henry Earl of Bindon; her now Husband, to make Leases of the

Manor and Town of Carlowe, in the County of Cather-lagk, and Queen's County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for the evidencing of the Settlements, made by Henry, late Earl of Thomond, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. den, Sir Wm. Ellis, Lord Conningsby, Sir Fran. Majfam,

Mr. Nevill, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Hen. Mr.

Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Montgomery, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Mayn, Mr. Stanley, Sir Hen. Liddall, Mr. Manley, Lord Ja. Cavendish, Mr. Monson, Mr. Shacker ley, Mr.

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Owen,

Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Pedley, Lord William Powlet,

Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bertie; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, York, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Godfrey Copley (according to Order) presented to Wenworth'a the House, a Bill for explaining and amending a Proviso Estate. and Power, for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gun-makers, Cutlers, and other African Artificers, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Trad#. Manufacturers of wrought Iron, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the Act of 9* Willielmi, for laying open the Trade to Africa, the Manufacturies of wrought Iron, of all Sorts, have been made, and exported, by several Traders in greater Quantities, than was ever known before: And praying, the said Trade may not be monopolized to any Persons in a joint Stock.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to corifider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Report 'from the Committee, to Buying and yyhom the Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, felling

that Cjattie.

York

{tegifter.

it a mil tons EftaU.

Irish

forftiturtt.

Bank of

(nglaad.

Importing

Cochineal.

Wyndham's

Eilat*.

Jifhennen's

Company.

6l

25* Martii.

A. 1708.

that Part of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament (concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield',)and forgiving Leave to bring up Calves dead to London, as formerly, was committed, be received

upon Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Medlyeott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County 01the Town of Kingston Upon Hull:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Coatesworth (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for limiting a Time to Persons to come in, and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, irt Ireland, sold by. the Trustees for Sale of those Estates; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandj and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Importation of Chochineal in neutral, or Spanijk, Ships, from Cadiz, Sevil, Port St. Mary, St. Lucar, and Gibraltar, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, and six Months longer.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to enable Sir William Wyndham, of Orchard Wyndham, in the County of Somerset, Baronet, to make a Marriage Settlement, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Roberts, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Proby, Mr. , Sir Cha.

Mr. Ellis, Sir H. Fomace, Lord Lord Hide,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. TredenhamMr. Windsor, Mr. Hil-lerfdon, Mr. Maitland, Mr. IMr. Peyton, Earl of Hertford, Sir Richard Onflowe, Major General Earl, Mr.

Onjlowe, Sir Fran. Majfath, Mr. Nevill, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Barker, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Hampden, Sir Wa. Young, Mr. Portman, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Nicholas, Sir John daunt, Mr. Gale, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Yates, Mr. Pedley, Sir Wm. Hufiler, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Geo. Beaumontj and all, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of free Fishermen of the River of Thames, on behalf of themselves, and the whole Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are an ancient Company, incorporated within the City of London, for binding, and making free, of all Persons preserving the Brood

and Fishery within the said River, several Acts of Parliament in that same made. By-laws allowed and confirmed by the Court of Aldermen; notwithstanding which, several Persons, by Means of the Water Bailiff of London, life such Fishery, without being made free of the Petitioners Company, to the very great Decay of the said Fishery: And praying, it may be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive the Act, in the 5th Year of their late Majestics Reign, intituled.

An Act for the better Discipline of their Majestics Navy royal, is committed, to receive a Clause, to compel all Fishermen to bind their Apprentices, and be made free of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Scobell reported from the Committee, to whorii Duchy of the Bill to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was committed; that they had made some Amendments

' j

to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into <5,.pp]y j ju . a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lay- liutv on ing a further Duty on woollen and worsted Yarn ini- worsteaYara. ported into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Mr. Ireton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ireton reported from the Committee, that they, had gone through the Bill, and mads several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resumed the ad- Scotland — journed Consideration of the Report from the Com- Encouraga-miitee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of such of her Majesty's Subjectsin that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall shew their Zeal to her Majesty's Government, by opposing, or not following, such Chieftains, and Leaders of Clans, as shall take up Arms against her Majesty, by discharging them from any further Superiorities, Casualties, or Privileges, or Payment of Rents, which were due to the Superiors so forfeiting, was committed.

And the daft Amendment, made by the said Committee to the Bill, was debated, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tinier by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- African ing next, resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, to consider of the Trade to

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords stPaol'a to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more ef- Cathedral, feftual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, i)ei*nturef

appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what, made out to Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Col. Rica. Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration upon Wedttefday Morning next, and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Disciplinina resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Wavy*

19 the

7 Ann. ' 25° — a

the Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal.

JCUiifigwortii'i Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Snell, Mr. Roberts,

Estate* Mr. Skippon, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Peyton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John deceased, on which flood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of his Wife, and Daughters, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vieneris, 26° die

Anno 7° Annae Regime, 1708.

Prayers.

Cmmtefc of Q1R Francis Majfam reported from the Committee, Kilmarnock's ij to whom the ingrossed Bill born the Lords, inti-Lttwe. tuled. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of 'Thomas Boyd, Esquire, in a Trustee, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of Lettice, late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report (o the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tables where the same were (twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

P. 9. L. 10. Before " " insert " laid."

L. 26. After " there" add " were."

Pr. 11. L. 27'. Leave out the first " Mary."

"Wentworth's A Bill for explaining and amending a Proviso and Estate. Power, for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Vernon, Sir David Ram/ey, Sir Wm. Afliurst, Mr. Coatesworth, Mr. Tates, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Conyers, Sir Thomas Burnett, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Wm. Seawen, Sir Tho. Littleton, Earl of Hertford, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Proby, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Godfr. Copley, Lord Ja. Cavendish, Mr., Peyton, Mr. Roberts, Sir Francis Maffam, Mr. Offley, Mr. Manley, Sir Hen. Lydddll, Mr. Fofler, Mr. Skippen, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Saunderson, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Whitchcott, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Brewer, Mr. bell, Mr. Graham, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sir Ro-

bert Edon, Mr. Lowther and all, that serve for the Counties of York and Westmorland: And theyare to meet this Afternoon, at Five Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Debentures A Petition of Walter Delamar, Gentleman, was pre-Bi»de out to fented to the House, and read j setting forth, that Tho-Col. Rice. mas Tram, late of Richmond, Esquire, having several Sums of Money due to him in Ireland, did (by means of Colonel Rice) become acquainted with the Petitioner, and employed him, as his Agent, to recover the said Sums; and about August 1701, died, leaving a Widow, and fix Children: That his said Widow took out Letters of Administration in England and Ireland', and Colonel Rice was bound, Ihe should duly administer:

That the Petitioner exhibited Claims, and recovered Vot, 15.

5° Mariii, 635

several Sums of Money, which, by Order of the Admi-niftratrix, he paid to Colonel Rice's Order, amounting £. 1,452. 10 s.7 id.And praying, the said Debt may

be paid unto the said Administratnx out of the Money, raised by the Sale of Debentures, granted to the said Colonel Rice.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Commissioner9, appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what. Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, shall be taken into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr.

Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Relief of Col for the Relief of Colonel Richard Sutton, and other Aids Sutton, tec. de Camp, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for limiting a Time to Persons to come in, and iHth make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and Forfeiture*, other Interest, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth. Sir Will. AshttrJi, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Fran. Maffam, Lord Conningsby, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Barth. Gracedieu, Mr. Stanley, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Wm. Danes, Mr. Yates, Mr. Vernon, Sir Hen.

Johnson, Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Proby, Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Poultney, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Fox, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Brewer,

Mr . Peyton\and all, that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and for the Counties of and

Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Election Bauk of

of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Voters, of the England. Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm,

Ashurst, Mr. Poultney, Sir Fran. Maffam, Lord Wm.

Powlet, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Peyton, Sir Patrick Johnson, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Thomas , Mr. Coatef-

worth, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Manley, Mr. Brewer, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Hen. D. Colt, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Maitland, Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Hampden, Sir Tho.

Johnson, Mr. England, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Shackerley; and all the Merchants of the House; and all, that are of the Long Robe; and all, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom Wyndham'* the Bill to enable Sir William Wyndham, of Orchard Estate. Wyndham, in the County of Somerset, Baronet, to make a Marriage Settlement, notwithstanding his Infancy, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House t And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

7 X 'Sir

KillingwoTth'fl

Lllate.

Supply Bill; ontinuinj' Duties, See.

F.qu i valent fa r Scotland.

634 26° — 2j° . 1708.

Sir /fe«ry DutionColt reported from the1 Committee,

to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John

Killingzvorth, Esquire, deceased, on which (tood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of his Wife, and Daughters, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned lud given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and M'jflins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts:

A Petition of divers Merchants, and Factors, concerned in the Linen Manufactures of North Britain, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of her Majesty's Subjects employed therein, was presented to the House, and lead; setting forth, that observing, a Clause is allowed to be brought into the Bill for continuing several Duties, that are now expiring, upon various Sorts of Merchandize, by which all European Linens are to be exempted from some Part of the Duties, to which they are now liable; and considering, how destructive such an Exemption will be to the Linen Manufacture of that Part of the united Kingdom, whose Dependence lies chiefly in improving the same: And praying, nothing may be allowed, as Part of the Bill, which does so evidently tend to the Destruction of the Petitioners Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Judges of the Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to cause the Account of the Deficiences of the Expences for the Year 1707 to be dated.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to ascertain the Rewards, the acting Commissioners for the Equivalent are to have for their Charges, Pains, and Hazards.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Commissioners for the Equivalent to issue out Debentures bearing interest, for such publick Debts in Scotland, as will become payable out of the subsequent

Equivalents, and other Monies, arising in by

the Agreements, contained in the Treaty of Union.

15

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for limiting a Time for the entering, and concluding, all Actions, which shall be raised against the said Commissioners, for and upon Account of any Mistakes in Payments, made, or to be made.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hie cocks and Mr.

Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Milbantt enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, to make a Jointure ' Kuate.' and Settlement upon such Woman, as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age, with some Amendments j to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Relief of Act for the Relief of Captain James Rocb, without any Capt. hocly. Amendments:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Relief ef Act for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery, Col. Savery. without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself intoa Committee of Equivalent the whole House, upon the Bill for the further directing Scotland, the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Peyton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Commitree, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-tnorro\y Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Amerirq* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, the Trade to America, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next; and that the Counsel for the East India Company, and for the Bill, be then heard at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill* whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a further Duty on Duty on Woollen and Worsted Yarn, imported into this Kingdom, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Disciplining ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, - upon the Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for lb* better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro^r Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatic 2 70 die Martii;

Anno 7* Annas Reginae, 170®.

Phays R 6.

DETER Barbut, Christian Joftas Shermont, John Pander Vaart, Henry Remniens, Jacob Meyer, John JanJfen, Bartholomew Zollicoffree, John Chabrol,

Lyons, Stephen Langlois, Peter La, David La Hay Dumont, Stephen Tholouse, James James Right,

Toger IVegerfioff, John Luttman, Geo. Johnson, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr, Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that their Au(V«r t_» Address had been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account might be laid before this House, of the number of Ships, which went in the Expedition with Sir. George Bing, and, when they were cleaned;

and

7 Ann.

2 70 Martii.

<*35

and that her Majesty was pleased to Answer, that flic will give Directions accordingly.

Irish Mr. Coatesworth reported from the Committee, to

Forfeitures, whom the Bill for limiting a Time to Persons to come in, and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bank of

England.

Sir William Ashurfi reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Lifter's Colonel Byerly reported from the Committee, to whom ' the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Lifter, Esquire,

and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire, (both deceased) for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Christopher Lifter, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lifter, was committed j that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Wyndham's

Eftatt.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir William Wyndham, of Orchard Wyndham, in the County of Somerset, Baronet, to make a Marriage Settlement, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir WWyndham, of Orchard Wyndham, in the County of Somerset, Baronet, to make a Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, during his Minority.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

LenthalTs Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Great , with the Appur-

tenances, and divers Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Hafeley, and Latchford, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conftnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows viz.

Pr. ia. L 33. After Successors" add " and the u Rector of the said Parish of Hafeley, and his Successors."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Voi* 15.

for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Ma- Rates of jetty's Plantations in America, was read the Third time, foreign Come Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do m mcrlLtt'

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Poultuey tlo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment j to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cheeke'* to veil the Estate, late of Edward Esquire, de* *^ate*

ceased, in Somersetshire, remaining unfold at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold, to satisfy the Demands of the Lady Russell, his Mother, and EJj'ex Cheeke,' his Sifter, and to veil the Remainder, of the Moneys, arising by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheeke (an Infant) and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Milbanck'* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to enable Sir Ralph Milbanck, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman, as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 20. After " Trees" add "or."

Pr. 5. L. 19, 20. Leave out " Accolam Milbanck, and " William Milbanck."

Ordered, That Sir William HuJUer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Peyton (according to Order) reported from the Equivalent Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for for Scotland, the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the

House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the continuing Bill for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, Dutie*' upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, as far as Chuse A, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, That all European Linens, Sifters Thread, and Tapes, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act, called the Two-third Subsidies, as aforesaid, during the said Term of three Years, by this Act granted of and in the lame, as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That (he Word " European" stand Part of the Clause;

The

2 7° Martii.

A, 1708.

The House divided; The Lords have atfo agreed to the Amendments, Method of

The Noes go forth: made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to cetu‘n1!,!F

ep , r v,e $ Sir Hen. D. Colt, 1 - make further Provision for electing, and summoning, co

c ers or , \ Mr. Lowther: ^7 sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in

«sr 11 , 5 Sir Charles Turner, A the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for

Tellers for the Noes, £gre } 4 *5. offences committed in Scotland, with an Amendment j to

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the ford And then the Messengers withdrew.

Omfe, by inserting, after the Word " Tapes" these MircJ the Reprefc,,atio, ,f the Common, of Trek, of

W°‘‘ °J '"* L,ofeed;. F'"; , Ireland, and Lifts, and Account, delivered in therewith I"* And the same was, upon the Questton put thereupon, rf FtirJ taken iat0 Consideration upon

AndTMofio"idc, and the Question being Morning neat.

<h« House do agree with the Committee, in 0rJatJ % That the ingrossed Bill for retelling and Fn»J, i, the said Clause lo amended preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Sump

Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Dutl<#* Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John a Genoese Merchant,

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,£ Mr. Tellers for the Noes|^;

nS*

45*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clauses B and C, being severally read a Second time, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed day Morning next, nntp by the House

Corfo's by Piracy.

Supply Bill; Duty on Worsted Yarn*

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Compositions to be made.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ireton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, -to whom the Bill for laying a further Duty on Woollen and Worsted Yarn, imported into this Kingdom, wascommitted, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then the first Amendment was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, Fishery Ea-at One a Clock, resolve itself in a Committee of the coura£ement. whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Stewart, and William Fordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other North Britons, concerned in the Fishing Trade.

The Lord William Rowlett, (according to Order) re- Arrears of ported from the Committee of the whole House, to ^utch whom the Cafe, Report, Petition, and Reply, relating e&iraen to the Arrears of Pay to the thirteen Dutch Regiments., for their Service in the late War, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Places and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows* v

That the said Committee have considered of the Papers referred to them, and find,

That the said thirteen Dutch Regiments have a separate Demand of the Sum of £. n 2,666. 1/. qid. and

Scotch Court of Exchequer.

Rate* of

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read do not find that there is any Objection against that Sum,

" unless it be as to £. 14,311.4J. 2 for Poundage and

Day's Pay of the said thirteen Regiments.

That it appeared to the said Committee, that the Sum of£. 15,933 has been overpaid by the Publick, by reason of the not making regular Deductions, and by reason of double Pays to the Regiments, which were under the Care and Pay of Mr. Vander That, in case the Poundage, and one Day's Pay, had regularly been deducted from all the Regiments under Mr. Vander s Pay, it would have amounted to the Sum of £. 120,626. 5 3 of which there has

been deducted but £.51,428. 11 s. 5 so remains undeducted (including the said 14,311. 4*. 2£</.) the

a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment,

foreign Coins made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An ACtfor Sum of/60,107. 12J. sold. in America. _r — ,l, c — __________1__________, y~.71

Manner of drawing Waggons on Highways.

ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners to draw with a Poll between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills, with Amendments j to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Ecclesiafiicat The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, Livinjsunder An Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates D 50 p. Ann. 0£* aj[ ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of fifty Pound; as also for discharging all Livings, of that Value, from the Payment of First fruits, and for allowing Time to Archbishops and Bishops, and other Dignitaries, for Payment of First fruits, without any Amendment:

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That there is due to the thirteen Dutch Regiments, upon the -lish Establishment, the Sutn of One hundred twelve thousand Six hundred Sixty-six Pound, One Shilling, and Nine Pence Farthing, excepting the Sum of Fourteen thousand Three hundred Eleven Pound, Four Shillings, and Two Pence Three Farthings, for Poundage, and Day's Pay, of the said thirteen Regiments.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Nine hundred Thirty-three Pounds has been over-paid by the Publick, by reafoo of the not making regular Deductions, and by reason of double Pay to the other Regiments, which were under the Care and Pay of Mr. Vander Efke.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, in case the Poundage, and one Day's Pay, had been regularly deducted from all the Regiments under Mr.

EJk' $ Pay, it would have amounted to the Sum of One

hundred

Ann.

i/ — -29° Martii.

637

Baying and felling Cattle.

Manner of drawing Waggons on Highways.

lethod of returning fccotcii Peers.

Scotch Court of Exchequer.

Duties on

~‘Muu.»d Salt.

hundred Twenty thousand Six hundred Twenty-six; Pound, Five Shillings, and Three Pence Three Far-; things, of which there has been deducted but Fifty-one thousand Four hundred and Twenty-eight Pound, Twelve Shillings, and Five Pence; so that there remains undeducted (including the said Fourteen thousand Three-hundred Eleven Pounds, Four Shillings, and Two Pence Three Farthings) the Sum of Sixty-nine thousand. One hundred Ninety-seven Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Ten Pence Three Farthings.

Ordered \That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament (concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smitlfleld) and for giving Leave to bring up Calves

dead to London, as formerly, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Mar jessy (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners to draw with a Poll between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills, be taken into Confederation upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make further Provision forelefting, and summoning, sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, be taken into Confutation upon Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, was read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon ' Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for better securing the Duties on white Salt, refined or made from Rock Salt, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

v

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 2 90;

Anno 70 Annas Regina;, 1708.

Prayers.

Wentworth's rrt H E Lord William reported from the Com-

£ltute. mittee, to whom the Bill for explaining and

amending a Proviso and Power, for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure, was committed j that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true,; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Earl of Llutte.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom tl:e ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable the Countess of Bindon, together with the Right honourable Henry Earl of Bindon, her now Husband, to make Leases of the Manor and Town of Carlowe, in the County of lagh, and Queen's County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Vol. 15.

and for evidencing of the Settlements, made by late F.arl of Thomord, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Sat isfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had dmfted him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An inrgrossed Bill to enable her Majesty to make Duchy of Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Cornwall Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, Leases-

was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 2. L.# to leave out " hath and."

' And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, THat the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dubordieu's, for naturalizing Peter Dubordieu, and others, was read a &c. Nat. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Masham, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Mr.

Coate/worth, Mr Brewer, Mr. Dyton, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Gale, Sir Wm.

HuJller, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Shacker ley. Sir John Cope,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. , Lord

Conningsby, Mr. Fielding, Mr. Chambers, Sir H. D.-Colt, Mr. Monson, Mr. Guybons, Mr. Aylmer, Mr.

Calthorp, Mr. Conyers, Sir David , Sir J

Johnflon, Sir Tho. Burnet, Sir FI. Gough, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Haddon, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Swin/on, Mr.

Wallis: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Drawing Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Waggons on An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Highways. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

And the lame, being read, are as follow; viz.

In the Title, 6 L. For " fix" read "five."

7 L. Leave out " except up Hills."

2 Sk. 24 L. For "fix" read "five."

3 Sk. 2 L. For "fix" read "five."

And leave out the Ryder at the End of the Bill.

The first and second Amendments being severally read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration thereof be postponed.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Then the House resumed the Consideration of the Amendments, that were postponed.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments;

And it is referred to Sir Ro. Davers, Mr. Shackerley,

Mr. Peyton. Mr. Yates, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Aylmer,

Sir Wm. HuJller, Mr. Fielding, Sir Wm. Mr.

Montgomery, Sir Tho. Johnt/on, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Byerley, Sir Tho. Burnet, Mr. Bulteel,

Lord Conningsby, Sir H. Gough, Mr. Chambers, Sir John Cope, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Haddon, Lord

7 Y Powlet.

638

2 90 Martii.

A. 1708.

P owlet, Mr. Archer, Sir Mr.:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Method of The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

returning

Scotch Peers.

be,"An Act for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the find Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties, Amendment, made by the Lords to the Amendments, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Pound-i made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to age, for preferring the publick Credit; and for ascer-make further Provision for electing, and summoning, taining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts; Sixteen Peers of Scotland, to fit in the House of Peers in and for securing the Credit of the Bank of;

the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for and for passing several Accounts of Taxes, raised in Offences committed in Scotland. the County of; and for promoting the Con-

And the said Amendment was twice read, and, upon fumption of such Tobacco, as shall have paid her Ma-the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House* jesty's Duties.

and is as follows; Ordered, That Mr. Convert do carry the Bill to the

At the End of the Clause A, add Clause B. Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Clause B. " Provided always, and be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, that, if any Person, being a Quaker, shall refuse to take the said Oath, being tendered to him in pursuance of an Act, made this '* present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for " the better Security of her Majesty s Person and Go-u vemment) but shall, instead thereof, declare the Effect " of the said Oath upon his solemn Affirmation, as " directed by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventh " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William u the Third, intituled, An Act, that the solemn Affir-u mation and Declaration of the People, called Qua- kers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in uiual " Form (which Affirmation shall be administered to " such Quaker, instead of the said Oath) such Quaker shall not be liable to atiy of the Penalties or Forfeitures, for refuting the said Oath, when tendered to him, contained or mentioned in the said Act, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government."

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

u

An ingrafted Bill for the further directing the Pay- Equivafe* ment of the Equivalent Money, was read the Third *jr time.

An ingrafted Clnufc was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Secretary, Accomptant, or other Officer, shall receive any Fee or Reward for his Pains or Attendance, on Forfeiture of his Office.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, tq be added to the Bill, on behalf of Mr. Grant.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 4. L. to insert u Twenty

Pr. last, L,. # to leave out " Directions," and insertr " Directors."

were,

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And the same were, upon the Question severally

St1 on } An m5rossed Bill for laying a further Duty on woollen put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill worstedYarn. and wor.^ed Yarn, imported into this Kingdom, was amended at the Table accordingly.

read the Third time. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be be. An Act for the further directing the Payment of the added to the Bill, That Equivalent Money,

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question ~ ‘ ‘

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made in the Preamble of the Bill; viz.

To add " May it please your most excellent Majesty

And to leave out " therefore."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly

Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that, in Answer to pursuance of their Address to her Majesty, the tenth Address — Instant, for the better securing the Docks at Portsmouth and Chatham, and her Majesty's gracious Answer there-

unto, the Officers of Ordnance had appointed an Engineer, to make Designs, Draughts, and Estimates, of what Works will be needful to be done, effectually to secure the Docks, and what the Charge thereof may

Resolved,'V\\oXthe Bill do past; and that the Title amountto; and that the Officers of Ordnance had made be, An Aftfor hying a further Duty on woollen and their Report thereof to the Duke of which

worsted Yarn, imported into this Kingdom. - - - - -....

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton -do carry the Bill to the Lotds, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; continuing Duties, &c.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for prelcrving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining

her Majesty had directed, should be laid before this House.

And Mr. Secretary presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Office of Ordnance, 25 , 1708.

My Lord,

I N Obedience to your Graces Commands, we have considered of the Address of the House of Commons, made to her Majesty the 10th Instant, for the better securing the Docks at Portsmouth and Chatham,

the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, was read and her Majesty's gracious Answer thereunto; and we the Third time. have appointed an Engineer at each of those Places, who

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the are making Designs, Draughts, and Estimates, of what

Bill, Pr. 10. L. to leave out " this," and insert the."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; -and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Works will be needful to be done there, effectually to secure those Docks, and what the Charge thereof may amount to; which to do exactly, will be the Work of some Time, because it will be necessary, that they be defended, by Fortifications, from Attempts that may

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pale; and that the Title be made by an Enemy, both by Sea and Land: And,

Ann.

29 ° Martii.

639

if this shall be her Majesty's Pleasure, we are humbly of opinion, that, for the Security of the Dock at Portsmouth by Sea, the Fortifications of that Garison, together with South Sea Castle, Rlock-house Point,.

Charles and James Fort, and Ports Bridge, should be put into as good a Condition of Defence, as they are capable of; and that Eafiney Point, and the Point at and Stoakes Bay, and also the Point opposite, upon No-mans Land, should be well fortified; and, for the Security of this Dock from the approach of an Enemy by' Land, that there be a regular Fortification erected between the Mill Pond and Fountain Lake.

My Lord,

We are very sensible, that the finishing these Works Will require Time, and a great Sum of Money, tho' we are not yet prepared to lay before your Grace Estimates of the whole Charge thereof; but if it shall be thought necessary, that a Line, with Redoubts and Batteries, and a cover'd Way, palifladoed, be made between the Mill Pond and Fountain Lake, to prevent an Insult upon the Dock by Land, and the Works at Block-house Point, and forne prefen t necessary Works and Repairs to the Fortifications of the Garison, South Sea Castle, and Ports Bridge, shall be begun this Year, the doing thereof, according to the be ft Information we can yet have, will amount to £.77,883. 14 s.

We think it our Duty upon this Occasion to inform your Grace, that in the last Reign the late Sir Martin Beckman, first Engineer to this Office, was, by order of the King, employed at Portsmouth several Months, to survey, design, make Plans, and Estimates, for fortifying the Dock at Portsmouth to the Land, and for doing some Works in the Garison at Block house Point, Ports Bridge, and Gosport; and we find in the Books of the Office an Estimate of the Charge of the fortifying the Dock to the Land only, according to a Draught, approved of, and ligned by the King, in the Year 1699, amounts to £.301,1116. 19J. $d.

But (ince that time about 200 Houses are built upon the Ground, on which that Fortification was proposed to be eroded; and the Purchase of those Houses will be a very great addition to the Charge of such a Fortification, tho' we are of opinion, it is very improper, they should be so near either the Garison, or the Dock.

And the Estimates of the Charge of the said Works, proposed to be done in the Garison at Block-house Point, Ports Bridge, and Gosport, amounts to£.ii2,614. i6r. id. For securing the Dock at Chatham, we are of opinion, that Upnor Castle, Sheerness, and the other Forts and Bat-

teries upon the River Medway, and also the Batteries which were slighted in the late Reign, should be put into a good Condition of Defence, to prevent Attempts of the Enemy by Sea; and that there be a Fortification erected on the rising Ground behind the Dock, to prevent an Insult upon it by Land; the Charge whereof, according to the best Computation we can at present make, will amount to - - - - £.31,500. o. o.

All which is most humbly submitted to your Grace by Your Grace's most obedient and

most humble Servants, Pbo. Erie, C.

Bridges, Ja.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House, for her being graciously pleased to communicate . to this House the Estimate of the Charge of putting the Docks at Portsmouth and Ghat ham into a Posture of Defence; and humbly to desire her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that they may be forthwith proceeded upon:

As also, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that the Castles of Edinburgh, , and Inverlocky,

may be put into a Posture of Defence.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council,

An irtgrofled Bill for limiting a Time to Persons to |rift, come in, and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Forfeitures. Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for limiting a Time to Persons to come in, and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees fot Sale of those Estates to the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, and divers other Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Coatef worth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Qualifications of ®ank of the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and En« an Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Qualifications of the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Directers, and Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for better securing the Duties on white Salt, Duties oa refined or made from Rock Salt, was (according to Or- Tefinet,s'*u der) read a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Officers con-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to kerned in consider of the Papers, relating to the Officers and Sol- undoad^rry. diers, that served in the Defence of Londonderry.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Affleck's, for naturalizing John Affleck, Esquire, and Mary Dutry, lsal* -without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Preventing An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, with some Amendments; to which they y ir*' desire the Concurrence of this. House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Sk. 1. L. 30. After " Rights" add " or as soon after " as may be."

2. L. 13. After (hall" add " the said first Day " of May."

At the End of the Bill add Clause A.

Clause A. " Provided always nevertheless, that so much of this Act, as relates to the Indemnity of any " Person, in whose House or Chamber, any Fire shall " accidentally begin, shall continue for the Space of " three Years, and from thence to the End of the next " Session of Parliament, and no longer."

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa; and nothing so intervene.

Ordered,

African

Trad*.

V /'

640 2 Q° — 3 o A. 1708.

Ordered, That the African Company, and the Merchants ^who have petitioned against them) be heard before the said Committee.

American The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Trade. into Consideration, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade to America.

' And the Counsel for the East India Company, and also for the Merchants, were called in.

And the Amendments were read, and are as follow;

viz.

1 Sk. 13 L. After " assembled" add " and by the Authority of the same."

In the Ryder at the End of the Bill, 4 L. leave out from " America' to the End of the Clause, and read, " to which they might lawfully have traded before the " making of this Act, and not otherwise, except as is " herein after provided."

At the End of the Bill add the Clauses, marked A, B, C.

A. " Provided always, and be it nevertheless de-

" dared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that " nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken, to extend, to enable " any Society or Societies, Corporation or Corpora- tions, Person or Persons, whatsoever, to trade into, " visit, or haunt, any Territories, Creeks, Havens, or " other Place or Places whatsoever, within the Limits " already granted to the Company, trading to

the East Indies, or to infringe or violate any Powers, " Franchises, Liberties, or Immunities, granted to them " by virtue of the Act for raising a Sum, not ex-' ceeding Two millions, upon a Fund for Payment of " Annuities after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies."

B. " And to prevent any Doubts or Disputes, which may arise or happen concerning any Ship, or Vessel, " fitted out, and trading, in pursuance of this Act; " be it further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, if any Person or Persons shall be de- lirous to undertake any Adventure on the South or " West Side of the Continent of , it shall and

" may be lawful for the East India Company trading " to the East Indies, and they are hereby required and "obliged, without Fee or Reward, to give Licences to " the Commanders of such Ships and Vessels, as shall be

fitted out on such Undertakings, to pals and Yepals " into and from such of the said Southern and " Parts of America; which Licences shall be forthwith " delivered to the Person and Persons, who shall desire the fame."

C. " Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall " any ways extend, or be construed, to take away, or " prejudice, any of the Estates, Rights, or Privileges, " of or belonging to the Governor and Company of " Adventurers of England, trading into Hudson's Bay."

And Counsel were heard thereupon: And then they withdrew.

Then the first Amendment (Sk. 1. L. 30,) being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 2d 1 Amendment (in the Ryder at the End of Bill, 4 L.) being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed.

Clause A, being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed.

Clause B, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause p, being read a Second time, was, upon

the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. r

Then the House resumed the Consideration of the 2d Amendment, which was postponed.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " except as is herein after provided."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The House resumed the Consideration of Clause A, which was postponed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being . put, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendments;

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Peyton, Lord Conningfby, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Covjper, Mr. Nevi/e, Sir John ton, the Lord Powlett, Mr. Vernon, Sir Walter Younge,

Mr. Bere, Mr. Dtdbett, Mr. Hampden, to draw up and prepare the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scotch for settling and establishir.g a-Court of Exchequer in the Court of North Fart of Great Britain called Scotland, was (ac- xc *^uer* cording to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for redressing and Frauds iic-preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and ut‘cs* Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of be read

the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 30° die Martii;

Anno 7* Annae Regins, 170S.

Prateub.

AN ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending a Wentworth's Proviso, for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, Etiate. and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending a Proviso and Power, for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Onnt^fsot' Act for vesting several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Kilmar-Tenements, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Boyd, Esquire, ' 4 in a Trustee, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of Lettice, late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said Countels, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

agreed

7 Ann. 30° Martii. 541

agreed to tb« fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lord ships Concurrence.

Lentball's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Great with the Appurte-

nances, and divers Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Hafeley and Latcbford, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amend ment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Lifter's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate> for Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifter, Esquire, and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire (both deceased) for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Lifter, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lifter, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 12. L. 15. to Leave out " and insert

" Christopher" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that^this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Debentures A Petition of Ann Trant, Widow, was presented to r,f*i(Out to t^ie House, and read; setting forth, that (he having a °* K*‘ Sum of Money in the Hands of Walter Delamar, of Dublin, Esquire, Colonel Rice proposed to procure a Mortgage, or Purchase, for the fame; upon which, about 30th November, 1703, (he sent Orders to Mr. Delamar to observe the Colonel's Directions, and he thereupon paid the said Colonel £. 1,452. ioj. 7 of the Petitioners Money, which he did not lay out, as he promised: That the said Colonel afterwards, by Indenture, dated 9* 0£l. ijc6, in Consideration of £. 1,500, mentioned to be paid by the said Mr. Delamar, did assign to him to Equity of Redemption of certain Debentures (being Parcel of those, granted him by a late Act of Parliament) which he had before mortgaged to the Lord Fitz Williams: That (he, or the said Mr. Delamar, in Trull for her, hath a Right to the Equity of Redemption of the said Debentures: And praying, that the Commissioners in the said Act may be directed to give her the Residue of the Debentures, and the Money, according to the Purport of the said Assignment.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the said Commissioners shall be taken into Consideration.

Buying and A Petition of several Graziers, and the Salesmen of follingCattle. Smithfield, on behalf of their Principals, the Graziers,

both Breeders and Feeders, of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the prohibiting of Butchers from felling Cattle or Sheep, alive or dead, to other Butchers, hath been found, ever since 1671, to be for the Interest of the Breeders and Feeders of England; but the Carcase Butchers, who are no Feeders, but Jobbers of fat Cattle and Sheep, have got a Clause for repealing that Prohibition, referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Liberty to fell dead Calves to other Butchers, is committed: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Vol. 15.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the redrafting Fraufck and preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty s Duties upon llampt Vellum, Parchment, , u "* and Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of be

now read the Third time.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, " That it shall and may be lawful to " and for all and every the sworn Attorneys, or Clerks,

" of her Majesty's Courts of Great Sessions for the Principality of Wales, of her Majesty's Courts of " Sessions, and Exchequer, for the County Palatine of " Chester, of her Majesty Courts of Duchy, Chancery,

and Common Pleas, for the County Palatine of Lan-

" caster,.....of Durham, to solicit, manage, pro-

" fecute, or defend, any Cause or Suit in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, without being specially " admitted, or licensed, for that Purpose; any thing " in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding."

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, " That through Inadvertency, and " want of understanding the said several Acts of Parliament, divers Persons have been admitted Members of " Corporations, whose Admissions were not made or " entered upon llampt Paper, or Parchment, according " to the Directions of the said Acts: Be it therefore " enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all such Admissions, made before the thirteenth Day of February,

" One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, and the " Person, that made or entered the fame, shall be, and " are hereby indemnified and excused from the Penalties " and Forfeitures in the said Acts,"

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Words " so as the said respective Duties " be paid before the 13th Day of February, 1708 " be added to the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to disable, or prejudice in anywise, any Clerk, now practising as a Clerk under a sworn Clerk in the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer, or under a (worn Attorney in the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer aforesaid.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, on the behalf of the Clerks of Judges, and of the Attorney and Solicitor General, to be Attorneys.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table j It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Attorney, Clerk, or Soli- citor, practising in all or any the Courts of Law or Equity in Westminster aforesaid, shall at any time or times hereafter aft or be concerned, directly or indirectly, in any Cause or Causes pending, or which shall depend, in all or any the said Courts, as Attorney, Clerk, or Solicitor, both for any Plaintiff and Defendant therein, at the same time, unless such Attorney, Clerk, or Solicitor, shall, before such acting, have and obtain the Consent for that purpose in Writing, under the joint Hands and Seals of every such Plaintiff and Defendant, duly executed, and attested, in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses} and if any such Plaintiff or Defendant shall be a Guardian or Trustee, then not

7 Z without

Frauds in 5 tamp Duties.

30° Martii. A. 1708.

without the joint Consent of every such Person, for whom every such Plaintiff or Defendant is or shall be Guardian, or Trustee, as aforesaid, to be first for that Purpose also had and obtained in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of such Person, duly executed, and attested, as aforesaid: And in case any such Attorney, Clerk, or Solicitor, shall act or be concerned, as aforesaid, both for any Plaintiff and Defendant at the same time, without first having such Consent and Consents, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then, and in every such same and Cafes, the Attorney, Clerk, or Solicitor, so offending, shall be deemed and taken to be, and be punished and punishable as a common Barretor, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be ever after disabled from practising in any of the said Courts.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

Then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be 'made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in this Act contained shall disable any Person, who has acted as a Solicitor in any of the Courts aforesaid four Years before the Commencement of this present Parliament, from practising as a Solicitor in any of the said Courts, such Person paying to the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or the major Part of them, or to the Receiver General, for the Time being, of the said Duties, or to such other Officer, or Person, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Use of the Queen, the Sum of Five Pounds, before the said thirteenth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eight.

And the same was once read.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon j

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for, he YCaS,^;.Pr. J 6o.

Tellers for the Noes.^f *' } for.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was read a Second time, and amended } and read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, against putting several Purchases in the same Fine.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to inferior Courts.

And a Motion being made, and the Question. being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr.4. L. 7. After "much" to insert "of the said " first-mentioned Act:"

L. 8. After the Word " before" to insert " particularly and after " recited " to insert " and " doth concern the Offences aforesaid

Pr. 6. L. 17. To leave out "or be a Solicitor in

Courts of Equity

L. 23. To leave out " Solicitor or Solicitors."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title

be, An Act for redressing and preventing several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty's Duties upo® stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and reducing the Number of Attorneys and Solicitors, practising in the Courts of Westminster.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Railing the Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Importing Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Parts in Cochineal« Spain, during the present War, and six Months longer, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendment, made Le»thall'» by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for vetting Estate* the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Great Hafeley, with the Appurtenances, and divers Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in and

Latehford, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon:

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendment, Lifter'* made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Efctf*

the Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lifter, Esquire, and after of Thomas Lifter, Esquire (both deceased) for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Christopher Lifter, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lifter:

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, Counters of made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Kilm»rnoek'« vetting several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Tene- Eftttte-ments, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Boyd, Esquire, in a Trustee, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Lettice, late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for railing Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Army her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions Recmu, to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of what Numbers of Men have voluntarily lifted themselves, or have been lifted by the Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the late Act for Recruits, and what Sums of Money have been paid out to the Officers, for Bounty-money, and to whom, and at what Time, as like-wife, when the Orders were given out, for recruiting, and completing, the Forces in her Majesty's Pay.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Scotch Court a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed of Exchequer. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved,

Disciplining the Navy.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Fishery

Encourage-

ment.

Duties on refined Salt.

Officers concerned in defence of Londonderry.

Dubordieu's, &c. Nat.

7 Ann. 30* — 31 643

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive the Ad, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy royal.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the Ad, in the firstYear of her Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Poufs, London, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at One a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Stewart, and William Fordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other North Britons, concerned in the Fishing Trade.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on white Salt, refined or made trom Rock Salt.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers relating to the Officers and Soldiers, that served in the Defence oi London-derry.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 310 Martii;

Anno 7* Annas Regina?, 1708,

Praters.

SI R Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubordieu, and others, was committed; that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and are as follow j viz.

Pr. 1. L. 33. Leave out " and."

L. 35. After " France" insert " Peter Barbut,

" Son of Peter Barbut, by Ma his Wife, born at

Meyrneis, in Languedoc, in France-,

Sharmont, Son of David Sharmont, by Gejhe his Wife,

" born at Hamburgh; John Vandarvaart, Son of Adam " Vandarvaart, by Sarah his Wife, born at Haarlem, in " Holland j Henry Remmens, Son of Henry Rtmmens, by " Ann his Wife, born at HambrS; Jacob Meyer, Son of " Jacob Meyer, by Margaretta his Wife, born at;

" John JanJJen, Son of Jpe Jby Agata his Wife,

" born at HambrS-, Bartholomew Zollicoffre, Son of John " Condradus Zollicoffre, by Ma his Wife, born at Marseilles, in France; John Luttman, Son of Albert " man, by Catherine his Wife, born at HambrS; John *' Chabrol, Son of Peter Chabrol, by Susanna his Wife,

" born at Marenne, in France; Daniel Lions, Son of " Daniel Lions, by Anna his Wife, born at Paris, in France-, Stephen Langlois, Son of Peter Langlois, by " Jane his Wife, born at Montpellier, in France-, Peter " Langlois, Son of Peter Langlois, by Jane his Wife, born

" at Montpellier, in France-, David Delakaye Dumont, " Son of Jofias Delahaye Dumont, by Mary his Wife, ‘‘ born at Flejingen, in Zeland; Stephen Son of

William Tuolouze, by Frances his Wife, born at -

pellier, in France-, James Delbojle, Son of Isaac " by Anns his Wife, born at Tonneins, in France James Reight, Son of ‘Theodore Reight, by his Wife,

born at Wefieren Cotton, in Germany; Wegerjloff, Vol. IS.

" Son of Lars Wegerjloff, by Ingeborg his Wife, born at " Aarhuus, in Denmark -, George Son of George

" Johnson, by Leue his Wife, born at in Denmark " and Charles Amelias Menard, Son of Philip Menard, by " Frances his Wife, born at Copenhagen, in Denmark."

Pr. 2. L. 12. Leave out " and."

L. 13. After " Morin" insert " Peter Barbut,

" Christian Josiah Sharmont, John Vandarvaart, Henry " Remmens, Jacob Meyer, John Janffen, Bartholomew " Zollicoffre, John Luttman, John Chabrol, Daniel Lions,

" Stephen Langlois, Peter Langlois, David Delahaye Dumont, Stephen Toulouze, James Delhojle, James " Toger Wegerjloff, George Johnson, and Amelias Menard."

Pr. 2. L. 30. Leave out " and."

L. 31. After Morin" insert as in L. 13.

Pr. 3. L. 19. Leave out "and."

L. 2. After " Morin" insert as in Pr. 2. L. 13.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable the Countess of Bindon, together with the Right honourable Henry Earl of Bindon, her now Husband, to make Leases of the Manor and Town of Carlow, in the County of Catherlagh, and Queen's County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for evidencing of the Settlements, made by Henry, late Earl of Thomond, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John worth, Esquire, deceased, on which flood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the Purchase-money for the Benefit of his Wife, and Daughter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to several Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America-, that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

The Commons agree to your Lordships first Amendment in Sk. the 1 ft, L. 13.

The Commons do agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships in the Ryder at the End of the Bill, in 4th Line, with this Amendment, by leaving out, after " otherwise," the Words " except as is herein after " provided;"

Because those Words refer to Clauses A, and B, sent down by your Lordships, to which the Commons have disagreed.

The Commons dilagee to the said Clauses A, and B;

Because they conceive, that by the Amendment, made by your Lordships to the Ryder, as now amended by the Commons, all Rights and Privileges, granted to the East India Company by the Act of Parliament, mentioned in Clause A, are effectually saved, and provided for j and for the same Reason they conceive, there is no Occasion for Clause B.

The Commons agree to your Lordships Amendment, Clause C.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Earl of bin don't Estate.

Kfllinsworth'f

Estate.

American

Tragic.

Conference desired witii Lords

644 3 *° M 1708.

Ordered, That Mr. Nevill do go to the Lords, and mitted; that they had made some Amendments to the desire the said Conference. Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in Newfound- R JolveJ, That an humble Address be presented to at the Clerk's Table.

laud trade. j,er :Majesty, humbly to beseech her Majesty to give Ordered, That the said Report betaken into Confi-Directions, that the Laws, relating to the Fishery and deration Tomorrow Morning.

Trade of Newfoundland, may be effectually put in Execution against such Commanders of her Majesty's Ships The House (according to Order) proceeded to take St. Paul's of W ar, r r Forts an i Fortifications there, as have or into Consideration, the Amendment made by the Lords Cathedral, shall presume to exact, demand, or receive, any Sum or to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual Sums of Money, or other Reward, from any of her the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Majesty's Subjects in their Voyages, Trade, and Fishery, the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St.

to, from, or at, Nexvfoundland; and that the said Commanders and Officers be strictly forbidden to keep, use, or employ, any Fishing Boats, for their own private Ule or Advantage, in that Fishery; as likewise, that the said Laws, relating to the said Fishery, be put in Execution against all other Persons, as shall offend therein.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Drawing Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, who

Waggons on were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Highways. Lort]s at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal a Chuse in an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoinsWaggoners to draw with a Poll between the Wheel Horles, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses, or other Bealls, except up Hills; that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

The Commons disagree to your Lordships ill, 3d, and 4th, Amendments;

Because they apprehend, if the Waggoners shall be restrained from drawing with less than fix Horses, it mull necessarily reduce the Loads to so small a Weight (especially in the Northern, as well as Western, Parts or Great Britain, where the Horses are generally small, and the Journeys long) that it'will not answer their travelling Charges, and consequently will bring a new' Tax upon the Subject, by additional Rates for Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, conveyed by Land Carriage to and from the City of London.

The Commons disagree to your Lordships ad and last Amendments;

Because, if fix Horses be as small a Number, as are capable of drawing reasonable Loads only in plain Ways, it must be thought impracticable to draw the same Weight up many of the ftcep and tedious Hills in the Roads of this Kingdom: And the Commons having lodged & dilcretionary Power in the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, where such Hills do lie, to limit Waggoners to draw up the same with such Number of Horses only, as to them shall be thought reasonable, the Commons cannot apprehend, the Roads will any ways be prejudiced thereby.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put there upon, agreed unto by the House.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the desired with Lords upon the SujeCl-matterof the Amendments, made Lords. by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Buying Mr. Hampden (according to Order) reported from

and felling the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, and Cattle. making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament (concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield) and for giving Leave to bring up Calves dead to as formerly, was com-

23

Paul s, London.

And the same was twice read, and is as followeth:

Leave out the last Ryder in the Bill, marked N. 2.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment;

And it is referred to Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Byerley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hyjhum, Lord Comings by. Sir fVm. Scawen, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Godfry Cep'ey, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

ley, Sir John Cope; and all, that serve for the County of Cornwall.

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) reported Scotch Court from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ofi‘*che-ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for set- <luer* tling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and', upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 21. Leave out from " whatsoever" to the 2d " and, " in L. 25.

Pr. 10. L. 23. Leave out " effect," and insert " affect."

Pr. 13. L. 2, 3. Leave out " Queen's Majesty, her " Heirs and Successors, or their."

L.3. Leave out the 2d "their," and after " General" insert " of the Queen's Majesty, her " Heirs and Successors, on her or their behalf, or for " her or their Interest."

L. 25. Leave out the third " or," and insert " and."

At the end of the Ryder add " any thing in this Act " contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Officer, Minister, Clerk, or other Person, employed in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall alk, demand, receive, or take, from any of her Majesty's Subjects, or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any greater or other Fee, Reward, Profit, Advantage, Matter, or Thing, what foe vef, for or in reflect of any Business, Matter, or Thing, transacted, dispatched, made, or done, in the said Court of Exchequer, than such only, as shall be settled and allowed by the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them (whereof the chief Baron to be one) under their Hands; which Fees, or Allowances, shall be contained in a Table, to be hung up in the most publick and visible Place of the said Court of Exchequer, and to which any of her Majesty's Subjects, or others, may have free Liberty to relort, and to have a View and Perusal thereof, without Fee or Reward; and each of the Mailers, or chief Officers, in the Offices of Queen's Remembrancer, Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, Clerk of the Pipe, and Clerk of the Pleas, and Auditor, shall take care, that a Table of the Fees and Allowances,

relating

7 Ann.

31° Ma

645

relating to their respective Offices and Places, and Business therein transacted, and so allowed, and signed, as aforesaid, shall be hung up in some publick and visible Place in their said respective Offices, to which any of her Majesty's Subjects, or others, may have free Liberty to resort, and to have a View and Perusal thereof, without Fee or Reward: And, if any Person or Persons shall offend in any the Premises, the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, upon Complaint thereof to them made in that behalf, shall cause Right to be done to the Party complaining, and to punish the Offenders, by Fine, Suspension, or Deprivation of Office, or as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and to recompence the Complainer with Costs in that behalf.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added, that the Number of the said Barons of her Majesty's said Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall not at any Time exceed the Number of Five.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Mr. Walpole acquainted the House, that he had received her Majesty's Commands (pursuant to the Address of Yesterday) to lay before the House, an Account of what Men have voluntarily lifted themselves, or have been lifted by the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties in England, for the Service of the Year 1708, according to the Returns made to the Office of the Secretary at War.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Account was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Army

Recruits.

An ACCOUNT of what Men have voluntarily lifted themselves, or have been lifted by the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties in England, for the Service of the Year 1708, according to the Returns made to the Office of the Secretary at War.

Counties wherein Lifted, Number of Persons lifted. Time when. Regiment.

Cheshire - 74 I March 18 Colonel Bowles.

Flintshire - - - - 4 - D" -: -. D°

Lancashire - - - 86 1 Mar. 21 Brigadier Gorges.

Y orkfh ire. North East, Riding 29 1

Lincolnshire - - - 2 I Mar. 18 Colonel Wade.

Somersetshire - - - 7 I

Berkshire - - - - 7 1 I _ D* ! Colonel Newton.

Huntington - - - *5 J 1

Devon - - - 70 - D° - Colonel Southwell.

3 - D° - Colonel Hamilton.

Oxfordshire 8 - D° Major General Mordaunt.'

2 - D* - Sir Tho. Pendergrafs.

Monmouth - - *9 - D* - Colonel Watkins.

Surry - - - 24 - D° - Major General Farrington.

Leicestershire - - - l7 - D* - Earl of Barrymore.

Bucks . - - 8 - D° Lieutenant General Erie.

Warwickshire - - 3° - D° - Colonel Hamilton.

Bedfordshire - - - 11 - D# Sir Tho. Prendergast.

Worcestershire - - - 13 - D* Lord Montjoy.

Hereford shire - - - 109 - D° - Brigadier Stan key.

Carmarthen . - - 4 - D° Sir Ch. Hotbam.

Hertfordshire . - 4* - D° - Colonel Townshend.

Cumberland - - - 12 - D° - Colonel Allen.

( 6 - D°

Middlefe*: - - - ! j March 20 th . FirstRegimentoffootGuards.

1 23 ' )

December 27th.

1 January 3

Cambridgshire - - - 1 3 5 . Colonel Evans.

7 »3

Cumberland

Worcestershire -

Monmouth Lincolnshire Stafford fh ire Hampshire Essex

Buckingham Worcester -London -Rad nor flu re and

Brecknockshire -Pembrokeshire -Yorksli. West Riding Westmorland and Durham -. Middlesex

-1

1

1

8

1

1

z

1

5

28

7

39

27

*5

10

5

18

Vol. 15.

February 25 October 14th 7 January 14th 5 February nth' z5

12

31

28

January October March

- D°

- D° Mar. 18 th

- D°

- D°

- D°

- D°

Colonel Whetham.

Colonel Hamilton!

Sir Tho. Prendergast. Colonel Lepell.

Colonel Wight man. Lieutenant General Stewart. Earl of Orrery.

Colonel Aliot.

Colonel Pearce.

Colonel Johnson.

Lord Mordaunt.

Lord Markthen.

Colonel Preston.

8 A

Mar.

6^.6

31* Martii.

A. 1708.

Mar. 31st, 1708.

This is the most perfect Account, that can at present be collected from the Returns, that are as yet made into the Office of the Secretary at War.

R. Waif tie.

Volunteers.

Brought over -Berks - -

Lincolnshire Somersetfcire Leicestershire Staffordshire -

831

:} -

a

ao

868

Mar. 18 th.

Colonel Wade.

Earl of Barrymore. Colonel Wight man.

Memorandum: The recruiting Orders, for the Forces in her Majesty's Pay, were issued, and bear date, at different Times between the 29th 1707, and the 12th of February following.

Orders for completing the Horse and Dragoons in South Britain, and augmenting the Forces in North Britain to the present Establishment, were issued between the nth and 18th , and the Levy-money paid accordingly.

Levy Money. And Mr. Lowndes acquainted the House, that he had also received Commands (pursuant to the said Address) Jo lay before this House, an Account of the Money, issued by the Treasury for Levy-money.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the same was read, and is as followeth;

THE Commons, the 23d January, 1705-, resolved on an Address to her Majesty, to issue a Proclamation about recruiting the Land Forces, and Marines; whereby 20 s. were to be allowed for every imprested Man, and £. 4 for every Volunteer.

Mr. Secretary Harley the 24th of January acquaints the House with her Majesty's Answer to that Addrefi.

The 28th January a Letter was signed, for issuing at the Exchequer £. 7,500 to Mr. , for recruiting

the Regiments, broke at Almanza.

The Queen signs a Warrant the 10th of 1707, authorizing my Lord Treasurer to issue £. 10,000 to Mr. Bridges, for extraordinary Levy-money for Recruits for the Land Forces under his Pay; and his Lord-(h ip signed a Warrant to the Auditor of the Receipt, to draw an Order for making the said Issue, the nth ditto; which Order was drawn, and signed, and bears Date the 12th of the same Month.

Mr. Bridges, by a Memorial, dated the 18th of February, makes a Demand for £. 10,000 on account of the said Levy-money; and the 20th ditto, a Letter Was signed, for issuing it to him at the Exchequer upon Account.

Mr. Whifield, Paymasterof the Marines, presents a

Memorial, dated the nth of March, for £.

15 s.4! d.whereof £.3,200 for Levy-money; and the

13th ditto, a Letter was signed, for issuing £. 11,155. 17 s.n d. to him, in part of the said Demand.

On the 12th of March, 1707, £. 5,000'more was directed to be issued to Mr. Bridges, upon account of the additional Levy-money for Recruits.

Mr. How, by his Memorial, dated the 15th of 1707, made a Demand for Levy-money; and on the 16th ditto, a Letter was signed, for issuing 25,775 to him, for augmenting the Horse and Foot under his Pay in England and Scotland.

Memorandum: All the said Paymasters did severally affirm, when they made' the said Demands, that they had taken Care, that no Officer should want his Money for making the Recruits, which were intended to be raised by the Act in that behalf.

Memorandum, also, that the Commissioners of Excise offered to supply the necessary Money in the Country to the Officers, by the Hands of their Collectors, in case there should be Occasion.

In Obedience to her Majesty's Command, upon an Address of this honourable House, *1 do humbly present this Paper the 31st March, 1708.

Wm. Lowndes.

It appearing to this House, by such Returns, as are Address for already made, that there is a great Deficiency in the Num- Recruiting bers of Recruits, raised to compleat the Forces in the the Army* Majesty's Pay;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to issue out her royal Proclamation, requiring all the Justices of the Peace, Magistrates, and other Officers, to use their utmost Power, and by frequent Meetings for that Purpose strictly to put the Act for recruiting the Army, in Execution; and that (he will be pleased particularly to shew her Dif-pleasure to such Officers, as shall difmils any Person, so lifted, for Money, or any other Pretence, or refuse to lift such Persons, as are fit for the Service, or shall otherwise neglect or be wanting in their Duty upon this Occasion.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycot and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wyndham'* to enable Sir William Wyndham, of Orchard tftau.

in the County of Somerset, Baronet, to make a Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, during his Minority, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

5 Pr. 12 L. Leave out from " Ancestors" to " all," in the 19th L. and read " who might be barred by any " Fine or Recovery, levied or suffered, by any Fine or " Recovery, levied or suffered by the said Sir William " the Infant, if he was at his full Age."

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Sir Robert Davers reported, that he had been at the Drawing Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of Waggon* oa the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, lg way‘

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners to draw with a Poll between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beads, except up Hills; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same to be Tomorrow, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Purchaseof whom the Bill for the Relief of John Lord Archbishop Irish forfeited of Tuam, Sir John King, and others, against the Forfei- Estate-ture, vested in the Crown by the Non-payment of the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pound by the Times appointed by an Act, made in the first Year Of her Majesty's jReign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanricard, and Lord Bophin, was committed, be now received.

22 Mr.

7 Ann. 3 i ° Martii, — 10 Apr ills, 647

Mr. Manley, accordingly reported from the said Committee, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table. ——

American Mr. Nevillreported, that he haring been at the ra e‘ Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America; the Lords do agree tp a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships to some of their Amendments to the said Bill, do manage the said Conference j and that Mr. Cockburn be added to the said Committee.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Rickard Onslow reported the Conference; and that they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Purchase of ----- -The House proceeded upon the Consideration of

nib forfeited ^eP°rt from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of John, Lord Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, and others, against the Forfeiture, vested in the Crown by the Non-payment of the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pound, by the Times appointed by an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard, and Lord Bophin, was committed.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, as far as Clause A, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause A, was read a Second time, and in part proceeded on; and several Amendments were severally proposed, and made, therein.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

American The Lords do not infill on their Amendments, made Trade. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, in the Clauses A, and B; and do agree to the Amendment, made by this House to the Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fishery En- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-couragement ing, the first Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Ibomas Coutts, Gilbert Stewart, and William Merchants,

on behalf of themselves, and other North , concerned in the Fishiqg Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellowsj

Mr. Speaker,

Parke'# Debt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to the Crown, to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treal'ury, to compound with Richard Parke, Citizen, and late Merchant, of , for a Debt due to her Majesty, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Debenture* Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, made out to appointed to examine, how, and to whom, and for what, C«l. Rice. Colonel Rice disposed Eleven thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, in Army Debentures, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 15.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Africa* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Commons Trustee* of of Ireland, and L.ifts, and Account, delivered in there- Irish For-with the fifth of February, be taken into Consideration k|tures-To-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Corfo's lof* whom the Petition of John Corfo, a Genoese Merchant, by Pmcy* was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Disciplining ing, rcfolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Navy, upon the Bill to revive the Act, in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Discipline of her Majesty's Navy royal,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, refined Salt* upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on white Salt, refined or made from Rock'Saft.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, i° di Aprilts;

Anno 70 Annas Regins, 1708.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubordieu, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals. Ordered, That Sr Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

t)ubordieu'st &c. Nat.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycot and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wentworth's for explaining and amending a Proviso and Power, for Estate‘ enabling Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, and his Brothers,

to make a Wife a Jointure, with feme Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Amendments.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title, L. 2. For " of" read "for."

Pr. 1. L. 5. After "Lord" add " Viscount." it. After " out" read "of."

Pr. 2. L. 8, For " Brondsworth" read "

" worth."

Pr. 4. L. 26. Leave out from " excepted" to " fub-" jedl," in L. 29th.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scotch Court for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the of Exche-Norfb Part of Great Britain called ,was read the e'uer'

Third time. -

And the Time for the Conference with the Lords being Drawing come, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Waggons or Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause Highways. in‘ an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses or other Beasts, except up Hills;

Ordered,

Scutch Court of Exchequer.

Answer to Address.

648 i° Ap A. 1708.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Rea-fons, for disagreeing with the Lords in their Lord Chips Amendments to the said Bill, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Farrer reported the Conference; and that they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, having been presented to her Majesty, That lhe would be pleased to issue out her royal

Proclamation, relating to the recruiting of the Army; her Majesty was pleased to answer, That lhe would give Directions for issuing a Proclamation accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Boylealfo acquainted the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, relating to the Fishery and Trade of Newfoundland, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to answer, That lhe would give Directions, that the Laws, for encouraging the Newfoundland Fishery, and Trade, should be put in Execution.

Admiral Churchill acquainted the House, that he was commanded by her Majesty to lay before the House (pursuant to their Address) An Account of the Times, when her Majesty's Ships, under the Command of Sir George Byng, were last cleaned, and launched, distinguish-ing, which of them were graved, and which of them were tallowed; prepared according to the Lift, and in pursuance of the Commands, received from his Royal Highness, by Letter from his Highness's Secretary.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, ? An ACCOUNT of the Times, when her Majesty's Ships, under the Command of Sir 26 March, 1708. 3 George Byng, were last cleaned and launched, distinguishing which of them were graved, and which of them were tallowed; prepared according to the Lift, and in pursuance of the Commands, received from his royal Highness, by Letter from his Highness's Secretary, of Yesterday's Date.

Rates.

Ships Names,

When cleaned, and launched.

Graved.

Tallowed.

4 Leopard - . 12th December, 1707 x/

Jersey - - - 16th December, ii/07 - - v/

Crowne - - - - 13 December, 1707 -

Swallow - - - 16 December, 1707 - - a/

Anthelope - - - 17 December, 1707 -

5 Roebuck - - - - 19 December, 1707 - - v/

4 # Dreadnought - - - z6th December, 1707 -

3 Monmouth - - - 29 th December, 1707 - - v/

4 # Dover - - - 29th December, 1707 -

6 Cruizier - - - - I ft January, 1707 - - v/

♦ Squirrell - - - 29th December, 1707 - - v/

4 Advice - - - 1 ft January, 1707 - -

6 Glafcow - - - - 12th January, 1707 - - v/

4 Worcester - - - 13 January, 1707 -

Weymouth - - - 12 January, 1707 - - \/

3 Berwick - - - - 13th January, 1707 - - v/

4 Faulkland - - - 15th January, 1707 -

5 # Tartar - - - 17 January, 1707 -

4 Banaventure - - 16 January, 1707 m - -

s Gosport - - - - 27 January, 1707 -

6 Penzance - - m 28th January, 1707 - -

5 Rye - - - 28th January, 1707 -

Ludlow Castle - - - nth February, 1707 -

3 Bedford - - - - 12 February, 1707 - - % /

4 St. Albans - - - 13 February, 1707 -

Chatham - - - - 18 September, 1707 - - v/

# Exeter - - - 3d Obi. 1707 -

August - - - - 13 th Obi. 1 joy - - - m - -

Mary m - - 15 Obi. 1707 -

Canterbury - - - 28 Obi. 1707 -

Dragon - - - - 31 Obi. 1707 - - x/1

Monk m - 4 November, 1707 -

Medway - - - 30 November, 1707 - - x/

Salisbury - - - ' 1st December, 1707 -

5 Lyme - - - 30 June, 1707 - -

Mermaid - - - - 16 August, 1707 - - - v/

Adventure - - - 30 August, 1707 - - - x/

Larkc - - 1st December, 1707 - - x/

6 # Quinbrough - - - 2d December, 1707 - - x/

Hunter - - - 28 Oblob. 1707 - - v/

3 # Shrewsbury, not cleaned since her return from the Straits.

Rd. Haddock, E. Lee,

Tho. Hopfon, Geo. Toilet,

Memorandum: The Ships marked thus*, went with Sir Geo. Bing, Northward.

v/

v/

x/

v/

v/

x/

x/

x/

x/

v/

x/

x/

x/

x/

x/

x/

Cha. Sergi/on, B. Tymewell.

Resolved,

Newfoundland

Fishery.

Ships under

Admiral

Byng.

Ann.

dprilis.

<£49

Address to Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Lord High ]yls Royal Highness, the Lord High Admiral, for his spely ' or great Care in so expeditiously setting forth so great a «qui|)ping the Number of Ships, whereby the Fleet, under the Con-Fle«». dust of Sir George Bwas enabled so happily to prevent the intended 'Invasion.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sco, Colonel Byerley, the Lord William Powlet, the Earl of Hertford, Mr.

Admiral Churchill, Mr. Bromley, Sir Gods. Copley, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Morifon, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Swinton, Sir John Erjkin, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Holland, and Mr. Worthy, do give his Royal Highness such the Thanks of this House.

St. Faults Cathedral.

Conference desired with Lords.

Eifliery Encouragement.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up Reasons, 10 be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships to the Amendment, by them made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty "s Reign, for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. , London-,

that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to their Lordships Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London.

The Commons cannot agree with your Lordships in leaving out the last Ryder in the said Bill, marked N® z

i ft, Because it did appear to the Commons, upon Examination, that Copper is preferable to any other Covering, both in respect of Duration, and Lightness; and it did likewise appear, that the best British Copper is in all Respects equal, both in Goodness, and Fineness, to that of any other Country; and that there is yearly very considerable Quantities of such Copper made in Great Britain, more than can be used here, and in the Plantations, and of which there is above One hundred Tons in Town; and less than Twenty Tons will answer this Occasion: And therefore the Commons are of opinion, the Manufacture of Copper deserves Encouragement:

ad, Because it did appear, that Lead is subject to Very frequent Repair: And that the necessary Scaffolding for that Purpose, at any one Time, will exceed the Difference of the Charge between Lead and Copper; and that frequent Scaffolding must very much prejudice the Building.

3d, The Commons cannot but take notice, that the Money, for building the said Cathedral, was granted by the Commons; and therefore the Application thereof does belong to them.

For which Reasons, the Commons do disagree with your Lordships said Amendment.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved^hoX a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The House (according to Order) refblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert and William

Gordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other North Britons, concerned in the Fishing Trade.

And a Difference arising in the Committee, who should take the Chair thereof;

Vol. 15.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself again into the said Committee.

And after fbme Time spent therein,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they, may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after Four a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Qualifications of the Elections of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Directors, and Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties, therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties, called the Two-third Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts; and for securing the Credit of the Bank of England-, and for passing several Accounts of Taxes, raised in the County of Monmouth; and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco, as shall have paid her Majesty's Duties; without any Amendment:

The Lords do not insist on their Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses, <ft other Beasts, except up Hills:

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubordieu, and others:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for limiting a Time for Persons to come in, and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates, to the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, and divers other Purchasers, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equi* valent Money, without any Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, without any Amendment:

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annex'd to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the Act, in the first Year of her Majesty's

Bank of England.

Supply Bill; continuing Duties, & c.

Drawing Waggons on Highway*.

t)ubordieu#». Scc. Nat,

Irish

Forfeitures*

Equivalent for Scotland,

Tythes of Hemp and Flax,

Scotch Court of Exchequer.

Duchy of Cornwall Leases.

St, Paul's Cathedral.

656 t* A

Majesty's Reign, for the fini thing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Parts, London; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same to be upon Monday next, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

fishery En* The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a buragement. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert , and

Ham Gordon, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other North Britons, concerned in the Fishing Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Com-fnittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progrtls in the Matter to them referred, and had dire died him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, a Quarter of an Hour before Five a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott, and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

Mayne's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for vacating the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Henry Mayne, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Ideot) during his Life, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

tolhery En- A Motion being made, and the Question being put, eooragement. That the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the

A. 1708.

whole House, to consider further of the Petition of Thomas Coutts, Gilbert Steward, and IVII.'i 7 Gordon, Merchants, on behalf themselves, and other North Britons concerned in the Fishing Trade;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Brewers, Bakers, Grocers, Cheese- Copper mongers, Victualers, and divers other Inhabitants, of Coinage, the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, some Persons are attempting to obtain a new Licence for a new Coinage of Half-pence and Farthings, tho' the Petitioners are already loaded with great Quantities thereof: And praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Afon, Deputy Royal A font Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty; where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills:

And to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses.

After which, the Lord Chancellor, by her Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament until the ProroS""*k

thirteenth Day of April Instant.

[INDEX REMOVED.]

